Official photograph of President of the Nigerian Federation Republic, Raisakaaka
The Nigerian government has announced on Friday that it is closing up the Twita network in that country, some days after it erased a dangerous twit written by the Nigerian Presbyterian Dominique claiming that the government will use force against the Ibis tribe.
Along with the removal of the twit, the message spread to social networks, a scene that reminded of the pain of civil war that lost the lives of over a million people.
But the gove prompted a movement on social networks to stand up to the Nigerians of the Igbo tribe.
In a series of gems published in June 1, 2021, Buhari, he threatens to care for Nigerians from the eastern part of the country in a language they understand, returning to the Nigerian civil war between 1967 1979 and the lukewarm of the Biafra, Republic in southeastern Nigeria.
The Twit was written after a series of attacks against governments and security devices on the region,, which is accused of having a paramilitary group associated with the Biafran Indians.
The group has denied involvement with the same attacks according to the American Voice.
Many of those who witness the injustices of discipline today were little more than able to comprehend the destruction and loss of lives during the Nigerian Civil War :
A guanabana photo of Nigeria’s President
Twitches that answered the blows with the pronunciation issued by an apparently angryabi in the country’s Ikulu, headquarters on the trend of assault on election officials.
I think we’ve given them enough platform.
They have said what they wanted, but now they want to destroy the country, said, appearing to talk to the people who want to isolate themselves :
Buhari has spoken with her mouth
Deborah a retired general, was in the army during the Nigerian civil war.
The terrible war resulted in the death of more than a million people of the Igbo tribe and other East zone dwellers, according to Chima J.K.K.K., professor of African History at the Marquette University in the United States.
For many Nigerians the Biafra, seclusion war is generally regarded as a tragic omission of, but for the Igbo people who struggled to isolate themselves, remains a turning point in their lives, says Nigerian writer Adaobi Tricia Nwaubani.
( Excerpt : A writer is from the Igbo )
Twita’s policy of hate behavior prevents gowns that preach riots and threaten people with a pattern of ra, tribes of national origin.
Such jewelry, such as a baj,, is wiped out by the company or the consumers themselves, forcing them to wipe out mirrors that go contrary to the policy.
Lai Moh,, Nigeria’s minister of news, described the removal of the president’s twit by the social networking company as an event of great suspicion :
Facebooks Mission In Nigeria Is Suspicious, Says Lai Muhammad pic. Montenegro.com/6hbaksnjVM
Threatening gems still appear on the street
A study by a social network expert for Digital Africa Research Lab ( DigigunLab ) concludes that a threatening twit written on it is still visible on a number of accounts two days after it has been canceled by the Twita,’s advice to be quoted by other users :
More than 30 hours after Twita wiped off the ghetto of the president of Nigeria @ MBuhari for violation of the law,
By entering the network using different accounts through different instruments, Digi AfricaLab could see more than 17,000 gowns quoted by users before the social network canceled the gowns from the accounts of @ MBuhari and @NGRPresident,, all of which were guaranteed to be gowns for use by Mr.
Furthermore, the,, DigiBLLab, was able to blew and grow the fired president’s twig.
The erased gems may remain visible to users of the twit network because the device used by the Twit (API ) is dependent on the networks of other networks that connect Twit data via Web sites.
Another reason, according to J.D.D. Biersdorfer of the New York Times,, is that erased gowns can still be found and thus appear on the results of online searches until the site is resumed and a new copy of the gowns on the main page of the account arrives.
Mark reaction to #IAmIgboToo
The terrorist’s Twit of President Buhari sparked a heated debate from Nigerians sending the Twita, network, a debate that struck its headlines with the news #IAmIgboToo to express their sympathy.
• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • •
Criticisms of Brand Mentions by Global Voices in June 4, 202 and Global Voices showed that within seven, days the sign #IAmIgboToo was mentioned 508, used 319,200, times has reached 457,500, and distributed 313,100 times on the Twita and Facebook networks.
Word picture of #IAmIgboToo
Human Rights Reformer Ends Yesufu using the name ofijiana Somtochisl, to conjure up with me in praise of God while cursing the way President Buhaari threatened the Igbo people with assault is assault me :
My name is Aisha Somtochalec Yesufu.
Any threat to the Igbo people is to intimidate me and me.
Assaulting the Igbo people is assaulting me.
I curse the 1967 threats made by President Obama to the Tagalog people
No Nigerian is greater than any Nigerian
Phoka artist and musician Jude Abaga ( M.I Abaga ) expressed his enthusiasm for this country to continue before these hate - filled pronunciation :
The explanation that Nigeria seizes Ugly people is narrow and leaves the same unchanging attitude
A reactor for # komeshaSars Rinuola [ Rinu ] Oduala, using the Kigbo Ochiaga, signifying the commander of the troops, proudly remembered the contributions of the Ignorant women to Nigerian history, returning to the Abel Women’s Rebellion in November 1929 :
I remember the Rebellion of Abah Women in which fewer than 25,000 women marched against colonial persecution.
I am from this same area with the hulka - mad women born with courage & endurance against years of persecution and injustice.
My name is Rinu Oduala Oduala #Mimi NiIgbo
Blossom Ozurumba,, translator for Global Voices, defined that threats begin and undermine a person’s personality :
Dismissing people’s personality makes it easier to rid yourself of the moral anxiety about homicide of prejudice or torture others simply because of the identity of the tribes.
If they do not appear to be human, it is easy to justify acts of chaos against them.
The distribution of personality according to ozurumba, makes it easier to eliminate the morally touched state and murderous acts of,, or persecution of people simply because of their tribes.
Photo and makeitkenya, CC PDM 1.0
In March 27, a heated debate erupted on Kenya’s social networks over phonographs released by three radio broadcasters during the morning Breakfast Show.
Advertisers were discussing an ongoing court case involving Eunice Wangari, a woman who was driven out of a 12 - story building by a man with whom she had relationships.
On Facebook, angry Kenyan Web sites angrily angered broadcasters Shaffie Weru, Joseph Munoru, and Neville Muysa with their pronunciation of a trial of sexual exploitation, and called the broadcasters victims indifferent.
Shaffie insists that the woman was pushed out of the 12th floor of a building in Nairobi after saying no to the man because she left herself so freely that she put herself in such a situation.
Which hell is
This case has divided users of the net, as some agree with the advertisers.
Although the three were dismissed and the radio station, made it clear how Kenya’s opposition to space has grown to women.
There are an estimated 21.75 million Internet users in Kenya,, or 40 percent of the country’s population, according to data data data data data data data data data data base for 2021.
About 11 million people are social network users, a 2.2 - percent increase compared with the year 2020
According to another report by the International Telecommunications System (GSMA):, the number of mobile - phone owners is about equal for women and men with a five - percent greater difference for men who own or have access to communications compared with, females on three Kenyan Internet users.
Like a few in the field, women in Kenya have often developed the target of cyberbullying.
And although in 2018 a law against cyberbullying was passed in the country that describes such behavior as socializing in such a way that it can cause anxiety or fear of confusion or destruction or loss of the people’s property by a sentence of up to 10 years in prison, the bullying of the people on the street is still badly affected.
Below we will describe two other famous events that led up to the past 12 thieves in which social networks have served as a stage for the exploitation of women in Kenya.
COVID-19 patient
In March 2020, Brenda Iyv Cherotich grew up with the first COVID -19 patient in Kenya.
After he recovered he came and explained his journey when the world began to understand about this new virus.
But the reception was not as warm as expected.
After conducting a media interview in April 2020,, was confronted with the harassment and harassment on the Web by Kenyan On Facebook ( as well - known as #KOT, a term that is often used to describe live users of the internet in Kenya who participate in informal debates or interviews on the Web ) who sought to humiliate and ask the truth about his story.
Other cyberbullies intruded in his personal life, and his portraits spread widely, after being ignored by a friend or a close - knit.
Her hairstyle looks like Corona herself
Upset by this, Kenya’s health minister Mutahi Kagwe presented himself in defense of Brenda, to call for the arrest of the persecutors and describe them as embarrassing efforts that undermine the efforts of governments to combat COVID-19.
Health minister Mutahi Kagwe telling police to convict social network users for persecuting Brenda
And that was not the end of another victim, a recent victim, who fell into the attack on #KOT : Proclaimer Vyonne Okwara was targeted after defending Brenda and supporting the minister’s argument against cyberbullies.
I just don’t agree with Yvonne Okwara.
Your statement is pointless.
It is boisterous and smells up to the heavens above.
WHERE was your voice when fellow women stripped naked man ( Lonyangapuo ) and shared his naked pictures?
This is a poison
Orchard criticized the persecutors for targeting women.
He said that Brian Orinda,, a three - sufferer of COVID-19, was present when he and Brenda, made his recovery trip and did not get the same response.
This prompted the fingers of keyboard combatants who had their day on the internet assaulting Okwara.
Full - time use of a sex card.
Women are to safeguard their dignity first.
Taking pictures like these and sharing them is likewise immoral.
Such an insignificant and foolish situation from Okwara.
So lowly ones are surprised if Corona ate the brain.
Men’s nudity was on the street recently.
He has suddenly gained forgetfulness by choosing about it.
Early in the year, the principal spokesman for the Ikulu Kanze Dena was also affected by Kenya’s membranous exploitation.
When he grew up holding a conference with reporters at the hafla,, cyberbullies humiliated his body from his weight.
Quickly it became a debate on social networks, and part of the Kenites and a media chief defending Dena.
He is overweight, high, short!
Who set the standards for how women should look?
Why is it our problem that @KanzeDena has gained weight?
True, she is a new mother, but, is not indebted to anyone!
Give you a break please!
This is a new bottom we must reject
An article in The Elephant, of Kenya’s leading religious publication, found that rural social networking in Kenya and the world has turned into a barrier to poisonous words and persecution.
There is no controversy that social networks have become a vital tool for social development and more competitiveness for women.
Many women have built their on the farm and, in the procession have learned how to get along with others.
Many find customers to buy and sell their products on the market.
Others find ideological platforms and cause hundreds of millions of social enterprises that are not only promoting economic growth but directly enabling small men and women economically.
They have also learned how to improve their knowledge of courage.
So, of course, social networks have emerged as a fine opportunity to do business.
This is vital for economic stability and the reputation of women.
Source, The Elephant.
It seems that for women to engage in meaningful discussions on topics that directly affect their lives, the Internet must be a safer place than it is now.
Rainbow - colored flag.
Photo of Marco Verch on Flickr, CC BY 2.0.
Caribbean countries, one, after another, have been revising their textbooks to reflect more equality for homosexuals by removing the precepts of the colonial era that were curbing antisocial behavior.
The year 2016 began in Belize.
Two years later, Trinidad and Tobago pursued,, although his move has not been translated into changes in the law.
Three years after the court declared that these laws go contrary to the constitution, eventually Trinadad and Tobago appear to be on the way to revise the principles of the Equal Opportunity Law (EOA ) in connection with homosexuality.
This law has the apparent objective of, to prevent certain forms of prejudice and to promote equality of opportunity among people of different circumstances.
To that end, an Opportunity Commission and an Equal Opportunity Court were set up to address these issues but are still unable to handle issues of discrimination against homosexuality.
The existing laws deal with racism, ra, tribe, origins, religion, marital status, or disability in employment matters, education and so forth.
The pressure to reform the current Law grew after the Scotiabank Bank in Trinidad and Tobago announced on April 14 that it would extend the impact of health - care to workmates who are in same - sex relationships in the same way that it is to workmates of the opposite sex.
The announcement sparked a heated debate in the country and was commended by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce (AMCHAM ) and by Ian Roach, chairman of the Commission on Equal Opportunity who was quoted in his discussions with the newspaper Newsday of Trinidad and Tobago as saying :
It is a good step on the part of the sector and especially on the, bank, which has a wide range of employees.
It is vital that some imitate this step along with what the law requires.
Governor - General Barzillai has been encouraged by the action of the Scotiabank Bank to protect the rights of the people and that the doors are open to do what is needed to eliminate the various forms of prejudice that continue to exist in the country.
This stance of the Alrediwalawi seems to be adapted to the position he held after the Supreme Court Judgment of 2018 ; soon after the unconstitutional decision was handed down, the government announced its intent to appeal.
When Trinidad and Tobago have made great strides in eliminating various forms of prejudice, but when it comes to the issue of discrimination against the country’s homosexuals, the fear of the victims ’ using religious arguments has not changed much.
By observing the citizens ’ reaction to the Scotiabank Bank’s advertisement on social platforms like Facebook the opposition was great.
At the same time, homosexuals continue not only to cope with prejudice but also with many acts of cruelty ending with the loss of life.
In a recent incident, the death of Marcus Anthony Singh,, a member of a homosexual party in his area, sparked a serious online debate about the harsh environment that homosexuals face in particular their safety in the face of prejudice.
Many of these conversations have been conducted by means of the digital digital media media media — the vocational platform that enables discussions and safekeeping education.
When Federal Lawyer Al Rawi has not given an official time to make these changes of the law, to homosexuals and their associates, hopes remain that the actions taken by private companies such as the Scotiabank Bank may not long be undertaken by the government, and ultimately bring about a change of social appearance.
Duval, — French engineer and founder of Gaël Institute.
The picture is used with permission.
For Internet companies and technology, the data gathering of Web users has been their main source of income.
This form of earnings, however, puts consumers at risk as it manifests itself in occasional incidents of advertising and bulldozers.
Is there a consistent way to improve the privacy of Internet users?
Companies such as Google and Apple have put the strength to collect their customers ’ messages daily, not to mention via mobile phones, but to a combination of a number of frequent uses, such as a calendar and an agenda.
A number of Uses have been pursuing a person’s exact position and, on the other hand, the use of health and sports issues in collecting customer statistics.
It is believed that these statements are collected and analyzed with a view to lightening and giving the user what he urgently needs.
The fact is, however, that Internet users and technological users do not realize that, are making their statements free of charge.
Representatives of online privacy policy such as Austrian Citizen, Max Schrems, has expressed his feelings about this cybercrime and the use of digital technology to make ends meet by their clients ’ statements.
He illuminates the danger of repeated incidents of persecution and violations of private justice.
One of these has been well described in the form of a Facebook scendo that is as familiar as the Cambridge Analytica case in which Cambridge Analytica’s private consulting Institute accumulated personal statements of 87 million users of Facebook without their consent in order to assist Urais candidates Ted Cruz and Donald Trump in the early part of the year
Schrems says that he cautioned Facebook representatives about the data gathering of their customers by Cambridge Analytica, and yet the, could not persuade them to take action :
Facebook’s unspeakably representatives said that in their opinion, when you use an owner’s platform, you have allowed the people to pack their expenses [ on cell phones and other equipment ] for collecting user’s data.
Why, though, ask yourself about the right to privacy on the Web when you have nothing to hide?
Reformer Edward Snowden had the answers to this question in the 2015 Reddit Web discussion :
Thinking that you don’t care about the right to privacy in the media because you don’t have to hide is like thinking that you don’t care about the right to express yourself because you don’t have anything to say.
The reality of the damage done by the use of platforms of information technology
French computer engineer and data specialist,ël Duval has long been involved in computer - use design as well as in the use of the nano Mandrake, an engineering system at the center of the punk punk ) genel that everyone has the right to improve and then be used by others.
Duval decided to create an operating system that helps to provide a sure protection for mobile - phone users ’ statements : /e/OS.
Global Voices spoke to him to discern how information technology affects the lives of those who have the opportunities and the consequences.
Here is his attitude toward the development of this information technology :
This is a philosophical question.
I personally have a very mixed feeling about information technology because, I have a constant romance about technology.
There are times, though, when I feel bored, I remember those times when you need to call, and you are going to a designated area.
Needless to say, it was a very pleasant and swift life.
Young people may be surprised that, until I was five, at home didn’t have a phone or a runner.
There was a time when I thought I had lived a completely different world, which at present is virtually nonexistent.
The,, on the other hand, is very pleasant when we try to imagine what we can do with the availability of the latest technologies, such as contacting someone in the very opposite part of the world by means of high - quality video scenes and witnessing gas - free cars that fill our lungs with dangerous smoke.
For those who remember, releasing the pleasures and pleasures of the years of the analogy system presently we are facing a great danger of support to the media.
A study conducted in 2018 that involved children’s behavioral problems and passive telephone habits confirmed that extensive use of cellular phones carries a number of problems, including ADD ) and sonona.
A survey published in 2020 by Common Sense Media confirmed that 50 percent of the youths in the state of Los Angeles said they could not stay without using their cell phones.
The effects of recent use of these technologies were clearly identified by reliable sources in The Social Dilemma, an article that describes the testimony of former employees of large companies, such as 2014, Facebook and Facebook, who explain how they were setting up an environment to persuade a user to build a smoke addiction for profit purposes.
Some governments have tried to cope with this problem by improving the law to build understanding for the simultaneous users and increasing commitment to responsible companies.
Last year the European Union ( EU ) passed the Declaration Mother’s Declaration Defense Legislation ( PDPR 198 )
This law has added a number of regulations regarding the custody of a statement with the user’s unquestioning compensation for his statements and requires that companies compulsively remove these statements within a three - year period.
This law has also provided a great ransom for those who will not respect these principles.
Its implementation, however, is faced with a lack of operations within the governments, as well as this law applies only to member nations of the European Union.
A means of enabling users of information technology
In the present state of affairs, Duval was persuaded to provide resources that will enable people to take responsibility to protect their own statements, as he explains :
Our motto is that Your statements are yours, since our statements are our, and those who think they should not, do not want freedom and peace, or advertising owners because a person’s personal statements can help sell advertisements at a much more expensive price.
This is how the engineering system he designed works :
/e/ is a sophisticated malicious telephone system that sends no signposts [ Going to Google ] such as when operating, where you are and that takes into consideration the user’s privacy.
This system does not inspect the user’s personal statements in any way.
It also offers basic online services such as e - mails to store, calendar, to keep in touch everything connected with the smart telephone engineering system.
Duval points out that when, Google and Apple’s personal statements come up with a similar objective, these same statements are inflicting on the Google, commercial network, which is essentially dependent on 8 to 12 billion dollars a year for installing Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go.
Duval added :
Using IP, the user sends an average of MB 6 of his messages to Google, a day.
It is twice as much as is sent to the user of the PC.
Besides that, the external appliance system is locked up and completely lacking the clarity of what is going on inside.
They should just believe them.
We, for our part, allow for a change in privacy policy : All /e/OS systems and the networks reserve resources ( the materials used in the construction of this system ) are free.
This system can be interrogated and evaluated by experts.
In a climate of skyrocketing telegraph use, it is evident that the rules alone are not sufficient in building understanding and providing users with accurate tools and knowledge to protect their statements and here comes the importance of navigational devices that help users to be more responsible
Note and understanding play a vital role in protecting oneself from HIV / AIDS
A photo shows Kenya’s health - care workers educating the community about UVIKO-19.
Photo : Victoria Nthenge and Trocaire withCC BY 2,0 license
The introduction of the vaccine for the UK UK in Kenya has been rocked by the bribes ’ bribes ’ bribes ’ bribes ’ biases and corruption that have left many poor citizens and elders waiting in long lines outside public hospitals during the time that the country is facing the third epidemic of infection and death from the UK.
At the same time, hundreds of Kenya people are paying up to $ 100 so that they can be named in advance, as explained on a number of Kenya’s online accounts alongside Kenya’s and international media.
Early in March, Kenya purchased over 1 million doses of the Oxford podAstraZeneca vaccine through the availability Programmed by the World Health Organization through COVAX.
The reception of the vaccines launched a campaign of free immunization in selected public and private hospitals.
The removal of the drugs was divided into three stages : health - care and immigration officials, citizens over 58 years of age and adults with various health challenges, as well as other citizens living in dangerous environments such as those living in informal settlements.
The country depends on receiving 24 million doses through COVAX.
According to The Washington Post, Kenya is aiming to immunize 50 percent of its citizens by June 202 in cooperation with COVAX and aid from other nations.
In a press release, UNICEF’s representative in Kenya Maniza Zaman commended the arrival of the first vaccines in Kenya.
Following the arrival of these vaccines, UNICEF and its associates are commending the COVAX promise to ensure that people from countries with limited resources are not left behind to this international vaccines - saving program.
However, this third scheme was disrupted soon after the training started because of a final - minute decision to speed up the second phase of the scheme as a way to cope with the third wave of invaders and the anti - governmental crisis failing to communicate and inform the citizens.
In an article interviewing what is going on at the Kenya vaccine scheme of the UVIKO 1919 vaccine, Patrick Gathara,, a writer living in Kenya and a professional political cartoonist said :
With a loud and selfish voice, politicians claimed that they should be given priority to build the faith of citizens, although the Ministry of Health already the absence of much resistance to the vaccine.
Since the government has disregarded the requirement to explain its plan to citizens, there was great disagreement as to where and when people are expected to stand on the line.
Along with government directions to give priority to citizens over 5 years of age, the media in Kenya that businessmen and politicians outside the congregation of this age have been receiving services contrary to the orderly conditions that warn of the bigotry practiced by the money owners.
Meanwhile, qualified elders and poor Kenyan, who do not have a network of people to help them and who do not have money to borrow, are seen waiting in line all day from five o’clock in the morning until they are asked to return the next day because the drugs have disappeared according to information written by The Washington Post.
They have another door to their friends, Mary Njoroge, 58, one of the teachers told The Washngton Post.
Without someone to help you complete the process, what will you do?
A similar incident was at another government hospital by the Kenyan, a Twitarian user who lives in Nairobi,.
On the Twita, fence he described what his aunt met with,, a retired teacher of over 60 years
While the elders waited on the train, the nurse called names and the youths came forward and got a vaccine.
When her aunt asked what was going on, the nurse gave her a [ phone ] number that she could spend, and said on the Facebook line.
Following reports of increasing popular motivation for the vaccination campaign, Kenya’s Health Minister, Mutahi Kagwe told the media :
I suppose we have reached the site where we have made a syntox that anyone can go to the vaccine center and get a service.
I want to settle the issue well, but those who administer the vaccination service will be accountable for each drug they have taken and that the drugs used must be consulted by someone who is qualified for the service.
The president of the National Association of Nurses in Kenya Alfred Obengo invited nonpriestly Kenya to avoid stopping in the vaccination line.
Describing how the government of Kenya could avoid such disunity in carrying out the plan, Gathara concludes his article by saying :
We could avoid this scandal if the Kenya government and its allies on earth, along with the World Health Organization and the governments of the western countries worked with Kenya as a pursuer of this plan and not a colony subjected to brutality and exploitation.
It is very sad for the Kenijans, their colonial country, to know no other way to do it.
Last December the whole world turned to Argentina, where abortion was officially permitted in that country.
But to what extent are girls and women forced to become parents in other parts of the world?
Watch or listen to this Global Voices Insights ( flying into the air on April 7, 2010, where our South American editor Melissa Vida is discussing birth rights with the following experts and activists :
Deborah Diniz ( Brazil : cultural expert who operates research projects on bioethical issues, women’s rights, human rights, and health.
He teaches at Brasilia, University but is also a researcher at Brown, University and a rights activist.
His testimony about equal abortion in marriage, separation of governments and religious matters and sickle research have won national and international awards and have been awarded at various competitions.
Joy Asasira ( U Rwanda ) a prominent advocate of Fertility Health in Africa, Human Rights, and issues of Gender and defense strategist on earth, speaks loudly of the campaign, and the movement and the organization.
Joy was awarded the award of the Ugandan Association of Lawyers (ULS ) of the Best Women’s Human Rights Lawyer for 2018/2019 and was recognized as an outstanding female leader in World Health at the Stanford University Conference for Women’s Global Leaders in the year 2017
The founder and director of Manushya, in 2017 ( Manuschiya is a Sanskrit word for Manuschi with the aim of stimulating the power of local communities in particular to women human rights advocates, so that they can fight for their, equality and social rights.
Emilie is an international human rights lawyer who bore on the rights of reservations.
R Umaima Ahmed (Pakistan ), independent writer.
He was originally assisted editor of The News on Sunday and The Nation.
R Umaima has more than 10 years of experience in online and magazine entertainment.
She has drawn herself to questions of religious security, women and rights of animals.
He is also a writer for Global Voices.
Dominica Lasota, a 19 - year - old climate activist who is also part of the Fridays For Future and Women's Strike movements.
A telecommunications agency awaits customers in the city of Dar es Salaam, Tanzania.
Under the 2020 customs, freedom of expression is imposed by a heavy fee and the government authority to remove unacceptable customs.
Photograph taken by Fiona Graham/WorldRemit via the Flickr, CC BY SA 2.0. Web site
This article is part of thePROAR, Small Press program that invites governments to deal with the challenges of civil rights in the Universal Periodic Review (UPR )
At the beginning of the month of March, when a health interview was started, many citizens in the area where President John Magufuli, is present used social media to ask questions and even to disturb their concerns.
In answer to those questions, the government threatened to arrest anyone who used social media to spread distorted statements about the president.
Governmental authorities reinstated the 2015 Tanzania Code of Internet Errors and the Code of Electronic Communication and the Postal Postal Postal Postal Postal Postal Postal Postal Postal Postal Postal Postal Postal Postal Postal Postal Postal Postal Postal Postal Postal Postal Postal Postal Postal Postal Postal Postal Postal Postal Postal Postal Postal Postal Postal Postal Postal Postal Postal Postal Postal Postal Postal Postal Postal Postal Translation.
This was a continuation of governmental action by,, which has repeatedly used cybercrime laws and cybercrime regulations to control and restrict religious rights and freedoms of opinion in Tanzania.
In March 17, the former U.S. vice president, Samia Suluhu Hassan, announced on national television his blessing.
A few days later, Hassan was claimed to be the sixth president of Tanzania.
Until then, fewer than four people had been arrested in various parts of the country for spreading false rumors about health and where he lived.
Many are now wondering whether Tanzania will reevaluate its codes that regulate web - service services after the administration of the Council, or whether these laws will continue to apply until 2025 the remainder of the 13th century, which will be completed by President Samia Hassan.
Early in March, Innocent Bashungwa, Minister of Information, Culture, Art and Sports of Tanzania, issued a caution to the media to avoid spreading rumors about what he was then invisible to public view since February 27.
○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○ ○
Police chief Ramadhani Kingai expressed a desire to get acquainted with a Twita account named Kigogo, that has long distinguished itself as a mismanagement.
Human rights activists have condemned these measures taken by government officials and the fear built by these principles in parallel with the threats associated with their execution.
Online Funeral Principles : Strengthened with religious rights
For more than a decade ago, Tanzania has sturdy networks and tremendous advances in communication and technology.
Along with these developments, the government has been setting a pattern for controlling companies and negotiatory platforms and as a result the free media are unable to distinguish themselves in the sense of the type of opinion published by its representative appearance.
The Internet has created a new platform on the Internet for youthful Tanzania brothels and activists who use social networks to shout their voices, but the government does not seem to agree with this new truth.
In 2010 Tanzania published the Electronic Communications Act and the Post,, which were of its kind in the country.
Through Electronic and Postal Communication Principles, specific rules governing Web sites were reached.
The government claimed that these principles aimed at almost the use of social networks to combat the problem of hate and heresy on the Internet.
These regulations, however, were applied not only to the mass media but also to individuals and distributors who were surprised by a new legal obligation to pay $ 900 for a license.
This requirement also applied to anyone preparing and distributing TV or radio ads on the Internet.
Large darkness spread over social networks in response to this sudden requirement of fees where many kabloons and maudhui breeders decided to give up their business because of the high cost.
Opposition politicians and social network users viciously criticized these principles by extorting social media freedom and civilian assault.
In 2020, Tanzania submitted a new adjustment to the online, regulations under the 103rd article of the Code of E - Electronic Communication and Post 2020, and went into effect in July 2020, and published them through the Declaration and 538 in the State Magazine.
Some of the major differences between the 2018 and the 2020 editions of the Codex on the Internet o (EPOCA ) are :
First, the Office of Communication in Tanzania (TCRA ) reestablished fees and added small congregations under a Web page order : news &, for entertainment and education or religion, and continued to restrict private donations.
Maudhui Principles Web page 2020, Sections Article 116 :
Anyone offering online services without obtaining a valid license is wrong and his punishment is a fine of no less than 6 million Danish Shillings [ 2,587] U.S. dollars or no less than 12 months or all in jail combined.
Second,TCRA added the list of unacceptable information and included, along with other factors, maudhui that motivate recording people’s telephones to investigate communications, to steal data, to track communication, to record and entry into contact or conversation without permission.
Third, The Internet Maudhui Principles ( EPOCA 2020 ) have also reduced the amount of time a licensed person can work for violations of service principles by being stopped or discounted.
Under the Golden Rule the licensed owner had 12 hours to do so.
But at the principles of 2020, under Part III, Article 11, the time to handle any overstepping of maudhui was reduced to 2. hours
Failure to respect this moment gives the authority permission to interfere either by locking or dismissing a particular account.
Global Voices spoke to some law and human rights experts who criticized the Maudhui Principles of 2020, as stating that they violate both the religious rights and civil rights.
They pointed out that these principles violate the religious rights and restrict the possession of Web sites by brothels and scribes.
A major problem here is that no precautions have been laid to prevent the abuse of this authority, while this authority is now harmless to the rightful expression of freedom in Tanzania, said one of the human rights specialists who asked for discernment.
After claims : Mustakabali of religious rights Tanzania
Under the sovereign regime, civic media and civil rights have been rapidly deteriorating following the gradual squeezing out of the web of freedom of thought.
In the aftermath of the sudden untimely death of diplomats, many are now wondering about the nation’s sanctuary of civil rights after six years of stewardship that continued to show signs of stubbornness.
Global Voices spoke to some government officials on the condition that no names be mentioned regarding new rules and human rights and freedom of opinion on the Internet.
A biandomist in Tanzania told Global Voices, on condition of not being mentioned :
These principles are unfair because anyone can be convicted, since few citizens understand the translation of these principles.
Another thought that the government is viewing social networks as a kero.
He cautioned citizens to take precautions when speaking on open platforms because the government has the legal power to get all their statements through the platform owners.
The Maudhui Code for 2020 makes it virtually impossible to be incomprehensible to a person while on the Internet, under the principle of 9Alliums donors are forced to register by means of identification cards to keep a unique Web identification card (IP address ) for each computer and to close security cameras to record all operations in their work territory, in accord with this criticism by the Tanzania News Council.
These principles are contributing to the criminal acts of polluting the people, preventing the right of ignorance, to administer severe punishment for violation of these principles and to authorize the excessive removal of supplies toTCRA and other vessels under it.
The Code of Internet Maudhui (EPOCAIRE ) is in conflict with the accepted international standards of sanitary rights.
Altogether these principles threaten the freedom of thought and the freedom of the media in Tanzania.
Nevertheless, the government of Tanzania is obligated to respect and protect the rights of people to express themselves and to assemble if it is accompanied by republican citizens and dissident politicians according to the Constitution of Tanzania as well as by international and regional agreements.
These rights are essential to guaranteeing the right to vote.
Tanzania is on the threshold of religious rights.
Under the newly abducted President Hassan the question is whether the Revolutionary Party will continue to silence and challenge the country’s religious rights?
ED. : The writer of this article has asked his name not to be known for safe reasons.
Taking Tanzania forward was not so easily achieved, when President John Magufuli entered the circuses in 2015
His proclamation was here Tu, appearing on the green hats and yellow, colors of the ruling party in Tanzania, the Revolutionary Party headed by another.
The photograph and Pernille Baerendtsen, have been used with permission.
Thousands of people are gathering at the aeronautics and street corners in various areas of Tanzania, in areas where the remains of the deacon President John alcoholic was transported from Dar es Salaam to grant citizens an honorable week - long order in the province, where the state headquarters of the Zanzibar, Mwanza is located and Chato,,’s roofing at the edge of Lake Victoria, where he is to be buried.
gun was announced to alienate the world at the age of 61, in March 17, in a speech by former deputy President Samia Suluhu Hassan, broadcast on a national television station that ended several weeks of rumors about the state of the president and his position.
allegedly blessed with heart disease :
Death Report of the President of the Federal Republic of Tanzania.
The sudden death of theEx, has nevertheless left them behind behind behind behind those who claim political and administrative interests in the East African country.
On Friday, Hassan was proclaimed sixth president of Tanzania, recording the history of being the first woman to be the president of Tanzania, the second president to be born on the islands of Zanzibar, which are part of Tanzania, and the first Muslim woman to seize the highest position of service in that country.
Under the Constitution of Tanzania, Hassan will serve the remainder of the five - year period of General Assembly that went into 2025.
In this short,, widely distributed video on social networks, Hassan ignores any doubts about her ability to take the lead like a woman :
To all those who doubt that this woman will be president of the Federal Republic of Tanzania, I would like to tell them that this one standing here is the president.
[ applause ] I would like to repeat that the one standing here is the feminist president of the Federal Republic of Tanzania.
During partisan periods, many still mournful over her and continue to contemplate these sudden changes, many seem to have high hopes and Hassan.
Opposition politician Zitto Kabwe, leader of the ACT Zalendo, has Hassani’s hopes and history in action and work as a member of the civil assault.
A wonderful 20 - minute history of President @SuluSamia is told by him Himself.
He says he was a activist.
He was a man of the Civil Hasses.
Thank you for making me see this.
It is not boring to listen.
When Hassan becomes better acquainted as a contractor, calling for unity and tranquillity during this transit period,anya is known as bulidoza, as a nickname that he acquired as a Minister of Construction to recognize his success in making sure of the roads built.
Remembering a Spirit
Kanga with fond memories of the fifth president of Tanzania, who blessed her on March 17, 2021,
Buriani our father god tells you good - bye / We will always remember our hero
Manyanzanians and Africans in general remember him on social networks for what is bad and good.
The badness and the goodness of the astrologer cannot be denied with the same weight, which means that the memory he leaves behind has its complexity but has a profound meaning.
The camps of its supporters and opponents will not remain in agreement, and the debate will continue for years.
Magufuli acquired prominence in the early days of his president for his promises to fight corruption vigorously.
His efforts to set up massive projects aimed at strengthening the mechanisms and the development of the industry fostered the prospect of growing numbers after decades of independence from international aid.
In April last year, the privately owned, Magufuli refused a $ 10 - billion ( U.S. dollars ) loan from China for a port project that is interested in carrying out Bagamoyo near the city of Dar es Salaam, as the only alcoholic to comply with these regulations.
This fence leads the president toward the election of last year.
Read : You Promised You Did We Thank You.
It is decorated with photographs of success at the construction of, roads, airplanes, bridges, and modern railways.
The photograph and Pernille Baerendtsen, have been used with permission.
His stand against corruption also appealed to the West, and the media initially recorded his stand with a positive attitude.
For some it is remembered as a son of Africa indeed and as an African advocate who put Africa first.
Others remember him as if a popular president put patriotism above everything else :
I have been pursuing Tanzania as it mourns over him.
We opposed his dictatorships and criticized him for his ignoring behavior of science, but evidently, for watching people standing on the streets [ to say good - bye to this guy was famous.
However, majesty was a dictatorship that greatly affected human rights and freedom of expression.
For more than six years, organizations of Human Rights Watch, Amnesty International,, the Press Protection Committee ( CPJ ) Global Voices and others have been pursuing a decline in the protection of civil rights and human rights.
Tanzania fell sixth on the Freedom of Expression measuring democracy and freedom between 2020 and 2021,
When the Parliament was discussing the Act of the Political Parts in January 1945 a law that was translated as a more severe sign when an owl appeared inside a parliament building.
The princely rule repeatedly applied laws such as the Code of Electronic Communication and the Post.
The yeartext for 2020 aimed to prevent citizens from distributing information that could lead to disruption of peace or instigation and misinformation involving epidemics or serious illnesses without government proof through high officials.
The subjects were unable to talk about the earthquake that struck coastal areas last month, apart from the news of an eruption in that country that occurred some months later.
And during two weeks of rumors about his actual presence and his health earlier in March, no fewer than four people were charged with being arrested for incriminating the president’s illness.
Or he blessed it at Corona?
Magufuli is said to have blessed her with a heart disease that she has been receiving treatment for 10. years
But the sudden untimely death left many wondering whether he might have been infected with the Korona virus (UVIKO 1915 )
Especially in the western Hemisphere will many be remembered for denying the existence of Korona’s disease in his land.
When the disease enters Tanzania, the government took precautions as well as guidelines on how the fence to combat the spread of this, disease but after some time has taken a staggering tide of people to continue their business as a bigger economic threat than the virus.
He often challenged international guidelines on such health principles as wearing barakoa, to avoid overcrowding and vaccines, urging citizens to rely on alternative applications and therapies.
After he had stopped the publicity of the infection statistics for Corona last month in April, he insisted that Corona had failed in the power of prayer.
Minutes later, declared that Tanzania is free of the disease of Korona.
While it is impossible to say to what extent the Korona affected Tanzania,, we understand that it did not depart.
When the new eruption of the Corona erupted in January, many of the fledgling Tanzanians discussed their testimony on social media, relating how they suffered from a disease with such symptoms as Korona.
Understanding that they could be arrested for the error of reasoning in Corona, the debates went in the name of a new pneumonia and respiratory challenges.
But majesty took her stand against the vaccination in a talk in Chato,’s home on January 27 :
If a white man could get a vaccine, then he would have identified an AIDS vaccine ; he would have identified the cause of TB ; and right now he would have known that malaria vaccine ; he would have a cancer vaccine.
This conclusion might be taken as a retrospect for the forerunner of the وزیر, President Jakaya PD, who had once served as the world’s ambassador for protection at the beginning of 2016
Last month, Osi finally admitted that her country had a problem with the korona,, urging herbivores to wear their own barish.
Curiosists say it was the death of Zanzibar’s deputy Seif Sharif Hamad that contributed to the change in attitude toward the corona.
A number of high - ranking officials from the ranks of prominent politicians in the neighborhood have withdrawn from the disease.
While the majority of peoples continue to gather to give their last honor to the president, on the other hand, his death has brought some revival.
Shortly after his death, writer Elsie Eyakuze appeared on social media to talk openly about the life course of the Korona epidemic in Tanzania, where the president acknowledged the willful ignorance of the Korona virus.
In a lengthy thread on Facebook, said :
Now.
For the real story I have been at a loss to tell for too long.
#uzi.
In March 2020, the eruption of Corona began speeding around the globe.
Tanzania was not abandoned.
But in April 2020 we gave up all concerted efforts to control the spread of the disease in the country.
On his last gowns, he said :
This is what he blessed to the Corona?
Yes, of course.
This one and that one.
And they.
Tanzanians.
And elsewhere.
But it is not the ones you want to talk about that way?
They are not the actual Story.
It is part of the account.
A friend is looking for you.
Can you?
And we can make it between us
Please do so.
I will.
Tomorrow.
In a frank letter to prox, Eyakuze, he describes the change in position but uses a technique to understand the feelings of another, that seems to overpower itself once more and forgive her.
Thessanians agree with the complexity and seriousness of his death and the memories that he leaves behind him at that time with their eyes closed to the front.
Who has the power to decide what appears and what does not appear on the Internet?
This is the crucial question posed by activist and author Jillian C. York in his future book Silicon Values, * expected to be inaugurated on March 23, 202 1.
On Wednesday, February 10 o’clock in the middle of a 4 : 00 p.m., GMT, Jillian joins the executive director of Global Voices Ivan Sigal for a business video discussion of his book,, which, as he describes it on the preface,, we are seeking to excavate the history of how the giant Silicon Valley communications platforms developed their specialized network, which rules the way we can express ourselves on the Internet.
Jillian,, director of International Freedom of Expression for the Electronic Frontier Foundation, and a well - known longtime member of the Global Voices,, where he struggles to write about religious freedom and freedom of expression in the context of the Middle East.
This program is free and open to the public and flows directly on the Facebook Live, Facebook, and Twitch networks.
We eagerly look forward to seeing you join us on Wednesday, February 10 at 4 : 00 p.m.
* Buying this book through this link will help contribute to Global Voices.
A teenager watching his fighter phone in Tanzania, December 9, 2018
Photo by Riaz Jahanpour, for the project USAID /ital Development Communication via the Flickr, CC BY 2.0.
The first Korona virus in Tanzania in the middle of March, 2020
However, after statistics continued to rise to 509 patients and 21 deaths by the end of April, the government of Tanzania declared that there was not a single Victims in June.
That same month, Kassim Majaliwa, the prime minister of the country, told the parliament that there were only 66 patients in the country, but he gave no further explanation.
Since then the government has remained silent regarding the Corona virus as strong political pronouncements deny its existence and continue to be administered without any statistics of patients or deaths.
Today a flood of operations continues as usual, along with the tourist industry in Tanzania,, which attracts thousands of visitors to the country through inadequate airports.
The Zanzibar airport received the lowest two - star mark on a health and safety assessment by the Skytrax Safety Assessors in the Airports against the UVIKO-19, the only measure of certainty proving the measures taken by airport authorities to strengthen the precautions taken during the epidemic.
According to the Skytrax, report, two new patients infected with a new South African virus were able to make their way into Denmaki in Janurari 19, from Tanzania.
The yearly symphony of eager music that is eagerly anticipated will take place in mid - February on the islands of Zanzibar, in favor of the Unity of Europe in Tanzania and some of the European ambassadors in Tanzania at this time when the country is exposed to the greater danger of this new form of the Korona virus that is spreading in Britain’s South Africa and Brazil.
In January 24, the Catholic Federal Republic issued a warning warning to its parishioners against the presence of the UVIKO 1915 in Tanzania, and persuaded its parishioners to follow all the necessary health precautions to protect themselves and the spread of the virus in churches.
Although memories are disturbing that Tanzania has fewer patients compared with other countries, the government’s silence regarding the UVIKO 191 statistics has created an atmosphere of anxiety among health professionals and human rights activists who have been prevented from speaking to and conversing with the UVICO on platforms.
The country made adjustments to the 2018 edition of the Code of Etruscan Communication and Postal Communication ( Online Maidhui in July, forbidding statements relating to an epidemic of serious or killer diseases in or around the country without the permission of a particular authority.
Although previous measures to control viral infection were taken right now, schools,, offices and other social activities have returned to normal.
However, the virus continues to spread there.
Upon alleged secret experiments with papayas and goats to provide answers to the viral infection, President John Magufuli has expressed concern over the quality and efficiency of laboratory equipment and the faithfulness of his staff.
The president said the giving of these statistics was unnecessary and soon after, dismissed Nyambura Moremi,, director of the national health laboratory, for claims to detract from the results.
The minister’s boarding team for the UVIKO 193 ended in dismantling.
In the month June, Magufuli thanked God for removing the virus from Tanzania, after three days of national application.
He made this public declaration at Sunday, worship in the midst of the faithful praisers of, claiming that God had answered their requests.
Both praised the parishioners for not wearing the barish, along with a call from the World Health Organization to ask people to wear barish to prevent the spread of the virus.
The victim of bulldozer’s nickname after his strict stand against corrupt acts, was elected for the second time in October 2020 in a misguided election in the name of the opponents.
Prior to the election, ungulates were surprised by the cutting off of networks where all the major social platforms combined with Facebook, cookies and Facebook were closed out of sight.
To this day, the vast majority of investors are unable to access the Twita network without the use of security technology.
For more than five years, millenarian rule has put too much pressure on freedom of democracy and civic affairs simultaneously and has denied freedom of expression and the right to a statement on the religious platforms.
Pursuing a rigid government position to deny the existence of the UVIKO-19,ovka is not permitted to give any UVIKO-19 statistics that the government has not confirmed in the sense that ordinary citizens along with journalists and health experts are prevented from voicing views of the UVIKO 1915 on tribal platforms or obtaining important statements.
The right to informal entry of the UK has turned into a class discrimination of some, according to a national hospital doctor who spoke to Global Voices on condition of incomprehensibility if she was afraid of being expelled.
Unlike other countries with specialized teams working on the Watch Tower Publications Index, Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania, Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania, New York 11201 - 2483
The pronunciation for refusing the existence of the UVIKO 191 appears to be acceptable to many, if not all, health experts who ignore such important precautionary measures as wearing barishes and avoiding overcrowding.
Global Voices visited a number of hospitals including Muhimbili,, a government appeal hospital in Dar es Salaam,, the cultural capital of the country,, along with Benjamin Mkapa Hospital, the political capital,, and witnessed a few precautions taken to combat the spread of the corona virus.
People are allowed access to hospital areas without wearing barish, with few sanitary equipment and washing their hands and those that are present are waterless or broken, with a testimony, such as, in the ward of pregnant women.
At a time when the Third Reich has not shown concern for the harmful effects of this virus on the daily life of citizens, many ministers of his government and its departments agree that the Third Reich does exist.
Minister of finance of Tanzania wants his Ministry staff to take all precautions to protect themselves against the corona virus at the same time, saying that Tanzania is not bothered by UVIKO-19.
A photograph of the Mwanchi newspaper.
For example, during his second appearance last year, the governmental authorities took great precautions against UVIKO-19, forcing all in attendance to measure body temperature and to wash their hands on special water and thermals.
In January 25, the Danish Ministry of finance, Philip Mpango, called on his ministerial servants to take precautions against the UVIKO-19 and at the same time deny the presence of the disease in Tanzania,, during his conference at the political headquarters.
Many internal experts are afraid to speak up in fear of action.
Global Voices spoke to a health professional who believed that Tanzania might be facing a second wave of eruption but thought the citizens were hidden these statements.
The specialist did not want to be named, fearing action.
Another health expert told Global Voices under no obligation to be named that people must be aware of the behavior of the UVIKO 191 condition so that they can take precautions to protect themselves and to prevent the spread of the virus to their communities.
He said that leaving people in the darkness is making their work difficult but believed that some will try to protect themselves by taking all precautions, as advised by the World Health Organization ( WHO )
He told Global Voices :
Politicians have captured the whole issue of the UVIKO-19 and are playing a dangerous game but when people die, they will begin to expel health workers.
Another doctor who spoke to Global Voices under obligation not to mention his name said that although there is hope of immunization, the Tanzania government’s pronunciation to deny the existence of the disease will interrupt its availability because the government has taken no action to seek it at the world’s markets and instead flee to herbal remedies.
In December 2020, Health Minister’s spokesman Gerald Chamii expressed his suspicion of worldwide vaccines, telling the East African :
It does not take up to six months for a vaccine or a cure.
We have stuck to ourselves since the eruption began, and I am not sure whether it would be wise to insert the defense and distribute it to the citizens without the use of physiological tests to prove its safety to our people.
Declaration is a vital issue for democracy and development.
Internet law in Tanzania has been misapplied aiming to silence voices by those who speak against the way that Tanzania deals with the subject of UVIKO-19.
Freedom of expression combined with the right to obtain the, to receive the, and disseminate the, has been protected by international laws.
In Tanzania the right to, be revoked and to obtain statements and to distribute, statements is recognized by the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Tanzania Articles 18(1) and 18(2).
These rights, however, seem to be more a theory than a crime.
In a situation where the government denies the existence of the UVIKO-19 and the existence of laws restricting publicity and opinion of the epidemic on the Internet and in the streets, people are left without basic statements and many are afraid to talk.
This article is part of a series of articles examining the interference of civil rights during incarceration measures in nine African countries : Uganda, Zimbabwe, Mozambique, Algeria, Nigeria, Namibia, Tunisia, Tanzania and Ethiopia.
This project is sponsored by Africa’s Geological Rights Bank operated by the Cooperation of International Geological Policy for East Africa and the Southeast of Africa ( CIPESA )
A photograph showing a school graduation in Mozambique
The Mozambican police records that had appeared in the press early in August revealed that 15 students were pregnant in a police school in Matalane,, a district of the state of Maputo.
These articles say that these pregnancies are the result of the sexual relations that exist between students and teachers without explaining whether these relationships were voluntary.
It has been explained, however, that pregnant students will not be able to complete their studies at the moment, and they will travel back to their homeland under police charge.
The statement finally stated that the instructors involved would be stopped.
When asked by the newspaper O País on August 8, General Bernardino Rafael said that all concerned will meet with disciplinary procedures.
It did not take long before this counsel was condemned on social networks.
A number of Web users frankly expressed disapproval of the school’s decisions and thus demanded justice for the women.
The gladiator Fátima Mimbire wrote in Facebook :
Matalane’s issue to be taken seriously.
I am very disappointed with this issue of the pregnancy of 15 students at the Matalane educational center.
This is an enormous detail.
It is important because as the archives noted, the characters are teachers.
Now one person in authority over another is abortion and the consequences are slight
This reminds me of a teacher who demanded a sex bribe to her students in order to give them a mark or not to humiliate them in class because at her point of view the students were very stupid and instead of being accused the teacher was transferred to teach elsewhere.
And there he continues his suckling.
A female - rights activist named democracy also condemned this at Facebook :
Matalane’s Counsel
Creating a socially equal society in protecting equal citizens ’ rights requires equal education with development policies that are sensitive to the development of citizens as well as scientific and ethical knowledge as well as patriotism.
Matalane’s Counsel
Blaming cruelty to women is common to societies with a male system that is well - known for degrading women and for submitting to men’s wishes as a result of condemnation of victims and reducing the guilt of persecutors.
University professor Carlos Serra said :
Matalane?
It is a tiny piece of ice peeping and Matalane is our product.
I think of the day when they will start explaining their testimony from their infancy.
So said journalist and reformer Selma Inocência :
Very few teachers have been prosecuted and convicted.
They are responsible for the loss of infancy of thousands of girls.
School is not a safe haven.
Statistics indicate that hundreds of girls become pregnant at school with other participants as educators, teachers, and school executives.
A petition has been passed requiring punishment for the police officers involved.
To date more than 3,8000 people have committed adultery.
For the government this issue is fundamental and is being examined in detail on the ladder of the ministry and head of the Mozambican police force.
It cannot and will not tolerate such issues.
The law must take its course and it is for everyone.
No one is above the law.
The investigation continues by examining in detail all the statements in this case and taking into account the psychological and emotional condition of these pregnant women because they deserve to be respected for their personality.
Other Cases
This is a continuation of atrocities involving Mozambican women that are not on in the media.
One of the cases that recently held headlines was the case of Alberto Niquice, Kaimu of the Liberation Front of Mozambique ( Frelimo)、 who faces criminal counsel for the crime of rape of a 13 - year - old child
Earlier this year, 30 civil institutions in Mozambique required Niquice to be recruited after being reelected during the following year.
However, the mayor took over the office and works normally in the parliament.
Another case in the media is the brutality of Josina Machel,, daughter of Mozambique’s first President, Samora Machel.
In October of the year 2015, Josina was beaten by her three - year - old girlfriend Rofini Licuco with one - eyed blindness.
Licuco was sentenced to prison for 3 years and 4 months along with a 300 - million metric ransom ( equivalent to $ 4. million, U.S. ) for Josina.
However, Rofino appealed, and this June the Supreme Court of Appeals canceled the case with the claim that there was not enough evidence in this case.
This Tuesday of donation, hria Global Voices : http://globalvoices.org/donate/
The year 2020 has been unfinished.
In the midst of all of us of the Global Voices have continued to publish news from all four corners of the earth, to bring to our readers unique, earth - shaped attitudes on such issues as the eruption of the Watch Tower Tower Bible, racialist movements in such countries as Belarus and Thailand, and more.
Global Voices has been working for more than 16 years to build bridges between countries and languages and to advocate freedom of the media, with the Internet, with the privacy of the Internet, and with each other’s right and freedom of expression.
Please Contributing to Global Voices This Tuesday of Giving
Our work with our international community of writers is a witness that human relationships, regardless of the range of differences, can change the way people understand the world.
Please help us to carry on this vital work today.
● Changia Global Voices
December 2004
You had to be a university student using the Facebook, Facebook had not yet begun to function, the bullies were still living on bridges of convincing accounts.
Our telephones were still unreasonable when leaks meant water and would call the plumbing to repair, and the Amazon.com still could not sell some products.
There were dozens of newspaper websites, which were available and functional, and we started talking on the Internet.
That is where Global Voices was born.
We’re 15!
The dog’s age is 11 0.6
For the years of the Internet, that is equivalent to 1000 years.
Today we desire to use this opportunity to thank our master writers and our faithful readers and associates for giving the Global Voices the strength and the ability to keep moving forward.
Since 2004 we have helped to record a great deal of information on earth.
We have published 100,000, articles and have developed special articles aiming to make it possible for nonpriestly territory communities to use the religious media and to fight for the rights of the Web site in addition to building a community of translators working more than 51 languages
Without you, there would be no Global Voices.
Help us to complete another 15 years.
We mean that we need your help.
Personal contributions help to safeguard our freedom and enable us to make difficult decisions to grow and change.
Please support us today!
Contribute now!
Traveling across the border between Ghana and Togo, West Africa, in January 25, 2016
Photo of TOTck4seth via cookies cookies, CC BYaminSA 4.0.
African leaders have taken a hasty decision to face the outcome of UVIKO-19.
The African Centers for Disease Control (ACDC ) formed the work force of the UVIKO-19 on February 5, before this land witnessed a single patient.
Today the, Africa that is presently the world’s least affected area with some 1,293,048 certified HIV - positive patients and the most impressive is 1,031,905 patients reporting recovery, according to Africa’s CD CP.
This continent has less than 5 percent of the world’s patients and less than 1 percent of all deaths worldwide.
Now, like the African countries under the supervision of the African Union, they are lessening the obstacles to COVID-19 and are preparing to reopen their economies and borders, whereas most governments are using faulty technology.
The designation of a unified African technology that can monitor the spread and congregate COVID-19 testing stations across the continent has sent to the use of panaBIOS, the biotechnology of oversight sponsored by the United Africa.
PanaBIOS has developed a program based on buyers and charmers and using algorithms to track people at health risk and to keep track of samples from nature to the laboratory
The technology is designed by Koldchain,, Kenya’s outstanding institute, and sponsored by AfroChampions,, a public and private partnership designed to bring together African resources and institutions to help the development and success of Africa’s private sector.
Ghana is the only country with this panaBIOS clock when it opens its borders.
PanaBIOS to ensure that travelers can use the results of measurements from other countries to satisfy the needs of harbor permission for the country to which they travel through the panaBios service program or in addition to the wing produced by the system to the travel documents.
Harbor health officials are using a program that uses a commercial edition to verify health documents in the same way for all countries.
Complete laws to protect data and privacy
The Unity of Africa and Africa are urging the member nations to associate a platform based on the panaBIOS grocery that will result in the combination of land results.
But digital interference has raised many questions about the folly and privacy of data.
Government pursuits and controls can paralyze fears and threaten freedom of citizenship, especially in lands where only 27 out of 54 countries have perfect laws of protection and privacy.
Other African countries like Ghana have changed laws to give the president emergency power to cope with adversity by ordering a telecommunications company to give personal customer remarks, such as a client’s bank, a client’s phone record, a transferred data transferred to the telephone and not in use of the business monopoly, and an address.
To ensure the protection and privacy of data, all of the machine - learning techniques used by panaBIOS are in the total data.
This is data collected for statistical criticism and not a personal target data unless it grows for tracking the receiver where it will be required to reach suspects or victims.
Confirming interference with privacy, the African Union, PanBIOS, and its associates must recommend how they want to take into account the protection laws of different countries to protect privacy, ensuring consent to data and avoiding commercial data sharing.
In the meantime this obsessive pragram has no privacy policy available to the public, in which it explains to users the rules for collecting and sharing data.
The challenge is how the private policy will various objectives, national kibara, and data - protection zone such as the African Union Convention on Internet Safety and Personal Statistics Protection decrees the South African Development Community ( SADC Data protection code of the West African Economic Community (ECOWAS Law appendix A / SA.2 / 09/10 on Eastern Africa’s Protection of Personal Statistics Within ECOWAS and Code of the East African Community.
Technical solutions have contributed to the prosperity of COVID-19 Africa
Along with panaBIOS, some African nations have completed a technology - based response to the spread of COVID-19.
Scientists from Sengali, for example, have developed a $1 - cost COVID-19 and 3D Instruments for patients.
Wellvis,, a Nigerian epicenter, invented a COVID-19, a free - line device to help users measure their risk of contracting the corona virus according to the signs and history of exposure to danger
The government of South Africa used a short - message network to provide interfaith discussions to answer common questions about false stories, symptoms and COVID-19. therapy
And Uganda, the women of the market used the Garden Market program to sell their item at home to use the program, and then a motorcycle taxi to pick up the item for the buyer.
Africa’s success in controlling and controlling the spread of COVID 193 has been linked to the younger public with the ability to measure and track the blessed, and the possible presence of SARSirkCoV-2 among other Africans.
But, is evident that technological inventions have contributed greatly to the success of COVID-19,’s proof, as well as to the lead in the beginning of the disaster.
Solomon Zewdu,, deputy physician and association of Bill and Melinda, summed up how, in January, when many western nations hesitated, Ethiopia began a vigorous filter on the Addis Ababa field.
Rwanda became the first country in Africa to impose ordinary catechisms in March 21,na several countries in Africa to pursue a rift soon : southern Africa enforced ordinary catechisms when it grew with 400 cases and two deaths.
( But that public figure, Italy, grew to over 9,000 cases and 400 deaths when it took action )
Comparably, the proportion of victims and deaths in India is six times that of Africa.
Public - health experts estimated that a catastrophe would have a devastating effect on the African continent and on the dead.
Bayana, Africa has proved otherwise.
This information has used the research of Factcheck Lab,, a factual agency in Hong Kong Kong Kongambaye, as a member of the Global Voices press associate.
Since September 22, the social media and publications that circulate in Chinese networks quoted otherwise as the chief scientist of the World Health Organization ( Sir Soumya Swaminathan, ) Dr. Soumya Swamin, said Chinese immunizations against COVID 193 have been proved to have side effects.
The reports and publications quote the source of a minute video produced by China’s TV for the China Miaopai video sharing program.
The video shows a speech by the director - general of SAD Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus adding to the importance of developing a vaccine for UVIKO-1, followed by the pronunciation of Dr.Swaminathan.
In a video by CCTV,, which summarizes WHO’s chief scientist : Chinese Vaccines on HIV / AIDS 1919 have been tested for side effects ( ) is a statement by Swaminathan :
Just as you familiarize yourself with their perfect vaccine development program and some of your vaccines step forward in clinical experiments, this, is also a challenge for us, we are closely pursuing it.
Some of the colleagues have proved benefiting from ongoing clinical tests
But, Dr.Swaminathan’s original talk has been edited.
His last sentence,,, in fact, began with the word if, and the scenery made it come out as if he said you confirmed rather than confirmed.
The pronunciation by Dr.Swaminathan completes the following :
We have been involved in debates with China for the past many months because,m also have a perfect vaccine - development program and their many vaccines are moving ahead of the clinic’s experiments is a challenge for us to be pursued closely.
We have had upbuilding and open debate with them and have repeatedly insisted on their volunteerism around the globe if some of their vaccines have passed ongoing clinical tests [ Insistence has been added ]
So I think the ongoing talk is still open and we hope that many countries will join us.
The pronunciation was presented at a summit of authors not to the SAD that took place on September 21
A complete copy of this one - and - a - half - hour event can be cross - checked.
The conference intended to present a conference on a $ 18 - billion plan for the ships of WHO and other organizations to send the vaccine from UVIKO-19 in advance around the globe.
So far 156 countries have registered in this arrangement ; neither China nor America is among them.
As was estimated, the CCTVT, video as well as the news report and publications produced, have appealed to nationalistic damages.
A publication in Weibo and the Daily Economic News has been popular with over 337,000 people.
Below are some popular observations :
I am very proud of my country.
This is the gift of the National Day and the mid - autumn Show.
You cannot imagine the Chinese rebellion.
I am proud of my country.
China has saved the earth.
After certain inspectors point to Dr.’s words twisted, the media’s booth, accompanied by CGTN and CCTV, by canceling their social - network publications.
Among them is the Communist Youth League of China, whose publication was pressured by a twit user of the @Emi 2020 Ljubljana before disappearing from Weibo :
Tedros is worthy of first immunization.
Like @Emi 2020etari, many of the guitar network servants believed WHO was assisting China with distorting the video, and published the opinion of Tedros :
Tedros is a toilet snuff!
I will pay Tedros an extra shot!
Yesterday my mother told me the news here in the country that America was going to buy a lot of vaccines from China.
I don’t need to explain. Allow them to live in their fantasy.
Excellent job, ranging from covering over the spread of viruses to vaccine advertising!
Though printed literature has been wiped out, copies of it still circulate on social networks, such as this public post We Chat.
Newspapers based on Beijing in Hong Kong, such as Speak Outgun (and Today Review ), have also published information from the video.
There are approximately 200 vaccines available at a distance from clinical experiments around the world, and many of these have been provided by Chinese libraries.
None has passed the 3rd phase of testing at present.
Protest against the death of physician Silvio Dala in Luanda.
Photo by Simão Hossi,CCupaBY 3.0
Hundreds of Angolans marched into the streets on September 12 at Luanda, Benguela and 15 other towns in protest against police brutality.
The procession began after the startling news of the death of 35 - year - old physician Silvio Dala,, who lost his life on September 1 under police supervision.
According to authorities,, Dala drove away from David Bernardino Children’s Hospital in Luanda,, where he works as clinic director and was stopped by the police because he did not wear a barish.
The doctor was taken to the Catotes police station in the nearby town of Rocha Pinto, and when he showed signs of exhaustion and began to faint, he fell badly and hit the head and caused a minor injury to his head, said the official police report.
It also said that Dala blessed him when police officers took him to the hospital.
The Society of Doctors rejected the statement.
The president of the party, Adriano Manuel,, told the American Voice ( VOA ) that there is a complex explanation in the authority’s explanation that the doctor was crucified.
Manuel told the German Voice that the cause of death described by the police was unrealistic.
Anyone who is a doctor and has studied medicine will know that Silvio was killed.
According to DW, a source of information from the interior ministry says that a study was conducted before the family and the prosecutor and confirmed that the doctor was not the victim of a plague.
The party has said that it will take legal action against the police force.
At the same time, the Angolan government has formed a commission that will cooperate with the Ministry of Health to investigate the event.
Proponents do not believe the police report about Dala’s death.
Posters used by protesters in various areas of Luanda said : No more Killing, You are paid to protect us, not to kill us, I am Silvio Dala, Killed Silvio Dala.
There were also those who wanted the secretary of the Interior Eugénio Laborinho to resign.
Demonstrations were provided by the Association of Doctors in cooperation with organizations and civil institutions.
Protest against the death of physician Silvio Dala in Luanda.
Photo by Simão Hossi,CCupaBY 3.0
The procession against the death of physician Silvio Dala is in Luanda.
Photo by Simão Hossi,CCupaBY 3.0
Since the outbreak of the agony in Angola, a number of cases have been made of high - powered police inspections and, at times, civilian deaths.
Speaking to Lusa,, an elusive musician, Brigadeiro 10 Pacotes,, whose real name is Bruno Santos,, demanded that Lugarinho resign and also that the police school improve its curriculum.
The police force is an institution that should give citizens boldness, but today citizens lack boldness — they are afraid when they meet with the police,, he concluded.
Protest against the death of physician Silvio Dala in Luanda.
Photo by Simão Hossi,CCupaBY 3.0
Many moved these demonstrations on the pages of Facebook and Facebook to protest the event.
Reformer and obstetrist Nuno Álvaro Dala wrote in Facebook :
COUNTRY POLITICS INVOLVED IN THE DEATH OF DRESSAR Silvio DALA
The pictures are powerful and simultaneous.
All of us must demand justice.
Local police must pay for their crimes.
Things cannot continue to be like this.
At Facebook, Isabel dos Santos,, former chairman of the board of directors for the Sonangol, oil camp, the daughter of the former president José Eduardo dos Santos, said :
# euSou tisvioDala autoradagungungunçãoção pacífica e silenciosa della Sindicato Nacional dos Médicos de Angola ( SINMEA 193convidandogungungungungun de Arbeit,ros perspatos e lei, contra a violência policial em mempora de Sílvio Dala, 12 201hLargo da Mutamba pic. Intern.com Kübls117IdY
Isabel Dos Santos @isbelaangola ) September 11, 2020
#Mimi NiSilvioDala.
On Saturday the Society of Angola’s Doctors ( SinMEA ) announced a silent and peaceful strike calling on health workers, other parties and civilian institutions to counteract police brutality as a symbol of the remembrance of physician Silvio Dala, at 4 : 00 p.m. in Largo da Mutamba
News headline : Angola enters the streets protesting the brutality of the police and wanting to have the killing stopped.
Meanwhile, too, in Tweeter Alejandro interviewed the participation of street promoters in Angola in this event :
Quando o George Floyd fid fidget morto os chamados Influencers Angolanos mostraram o dei feedback ao punk Black Lives Matter, mas mas a Jugend do medico Sultanvio Dala zas zas zas zas zas zas zas zas zas zas zas zas zas zas zas zas zas zas zas zas zas zas zas zas zas
Alejandro @AlejandroCutieG ) September 7, 2020
When George Floyd was killed these so - called diviners on the stadiums showed support for the process of Black Life Is Worthwhile, but in the death of the divinely inspired physician Silvio Dala, these brothers do nothing about this tragedy!
Hachalu Hundessa being interviewed by OMN through Firaabeek Entertainment / CC BY 3.0.
editor’s Excerpt : This is a two - part criticism of Hachalu Hundessa,, a prominent punk musician whose murder aroused confusion of religious and ethnic beliefs because of inaccurate statements made on social media.
Read Part two here
The great Ethiopian musician Hachalu Hundessa gained prominence by using her ingenuity and her genius to identify the public with regard to her peoples.
He was executed in the outskirts of Ethiopia’s capital,, Addis Ababa,, on June 29 of this year.
That night at three and a half o’clock as Hachalu descended from his chariot, a man known by the name of Tilahun Yami walked toward his chariot and shot him in his bosom.
He was rushed to a nearby hospital where his blessing was officially confirmed.
It was later learned that bullets severely damaged her internal organs.
The police chief of Addis Ababa that two suspects had been arrested.
Within days the governmental authorities sentenced the killers and their two associates.
In its execution, the country has entered a difficult time to calm the riots that followed.
The fact is that the massacre of Hachalu has not been cleared up correctly and that, after politicians and activists insisted heavily on the controversy that exists between the chief leaders of Asia and the Amahara, the largest ethnic groups in Ethiopia, led to the spread of rumors.
On his funeral day, mourners overflowed the streets of Addis Ababa and the other towns surrounding the region.
The next morning, Hachalu’s last interview by way of railings and networks broadcasts and watched as his coffin was shipped from Addis Ababa to their home in Ambo.
The slower announcements turned into a battlefield between governmental authorities and leaders of opposition, with disputes as to just where to be buried in Hachalu and OMN had to interrupt his announcements ; ; ; it is said, they were forced back to Addis Ababa.
Ten people were killed and several injured in Addis Ababa.
The conflict led to the arrest of some of the opposing leaders in the presence of Jawar Mohand, leader of the OMN, as well as the opposing leader Bekele Gerba, who were charged with instigating confusion.
Conflict arose further after the governmental authorities recovered Hachalu’s body and took Ambo to their hometown by means of a helicopter, where both sides also continued quarreling and denied the family of merchants the opportunity to give their brother a decent burial.
Thereafter, riots and conflicts followed.
The conflict lasted three days that ripped apart some of the towns of Tagalog and Addis Ababa and the actual destruction was : 239 dead and hundreds injured and more than 7,000 wounded have been caught for the chaos and destruction of millions ’ silver birr,.
There, in June 30, the government tried to turn off the net to prevent the spread of social - traumatic movements and to last for three weeks.
Several people were shot by the security authorities, but some sources in the American Voice and Addis Standard that angry peoples from the Tagalog tribe attacked various groups in the presence of towns and neighborhoods of differing faiths in the Southeast town of sich, targeting mainly the families of non - Iromites and non - Israelites in the band.
Further disturbances were in the mixed band of the Amaharaieriomo people and religion may have played a large part because of the understanding that : the Southeast Oromo race is identified by the Islamic religion and by the Users of the Afan-omo language.
One local farmer said that we thought Hachalu was a Muoromo after watching directly broadcasts of Hachalu funeral practices that followed the Orthodox Church of Tewahedo in Ethiopia.
According to reports, many victims of the chaos were religious Christians, religious Christians, and the people of Gurage.
One eyewitness said that the mobs destroyed and burned property and committed murder with the victims ’ heads and legs.
Predictions of Interviews
Only when reports of the assassination of the Hachalues were heard were the source of the news of the Oromans of the diaspora to include his death and the final interrogations that Hachalu and OMN conducted by Guyoariyo, and were launched a week before Hachalu was killed.
During the interrogation Gaius repeatedly asked Hachalu the snare questions about his support of the ruling party and also interrupted him from time to time as he answered.
Not only did Hachalu refuse to support the party but he also criticized the disputes and schisms in the political parties of Tagalog,, showing freedom of thought as a musician, which made him the target of the frontal assault until the day he was killed.
Yet, Guyo inquired of Hachalu about the historic persecution committed against the people of Tagalog by the king Menelik II who built present - day Ethiopia.
To the surprise of many listeners, the Hachalu argued that the Menelik - riding horse in the statue at Addis Ababa belonged to a coveted farmer named Solidar Debelle, and that Menelik stole it.
The answers appealed not only to the praise of her but also to the criticism of her from different peoples in Facebook and Facebook.
During the execution of Hachalu a week later, many extraterrestrials felt that Hachalu’s condemnation of the statue of Menelik II angered the supporters of imperial Ethiopia and led to his execution.
In the social media the citizens quarreled with what the Hachalu said against Menelik, and this caused the spread of rumors with many false statements.
Another part of the interview carries statements on matters related to separation and conflict within the Yoromo community.
Thro the interviews Guyo drilled Hachalu about the ongoing political changes in the country and about the lukewarmness of opposing the government by asking a question about the Muoromo Prime Minister Abiy Ahmed, and whether the government has been able to meet the wishes of its people since he entered the office in the year 193
Hachalu repeatedly stated that he did not get involved in the promiscuous politics of the Tagalog but criticized all those who condemned Abiy’s patriotism.
He safeguarded his position against the chief opposing leaders who joined the Tigray Peopleasans Liberation Front ( The EPRDF ), which was once closely associated with the great history - making Ethiopian Peopleasans Revolutionary Front ( The EPRDF )
After Abiy’s demolition of the EPRDF, he turned into an opposing party.
Hachalu also spoke of the ongoing political upheavals in the Przy province, blaming both the governmental authorities and the militiamen of the party at the rightfront Liberation Front (OLF ) where ( also understood as the OLFalaisShane )
Following the massacre of Hachalu, the government was able to take a 71 - minute interrogation tape and throw it out to the public.
It is composed of the message of the execution threats sent to Hachalu from its western hemispheres, where organized forces from the OLFilahShane operate.
Hachalu said that he believed that he would not be assaulted on the outskirts if he praised the OLF‐Shane.
He spoke directly of the dispute between him and Getachew Assefa, Ethiopia’s High Security Officer during the region in the district.
Guyo, who announced the interview on his Facebook page calling it necessary to see a few days before his flight, has been arrested by the police since then and the government is investigating the 71 - minute tape of the interviews to find examples that will help locate the source of the Hachalu killing.
Read more about the damage caused by the assassination of Hachalu Hundessa in section II.
Photo from the Guardian Facebook video about female burglaries.
In the Middle East and northern Africa ; from increased domestic violence to the loss of employment, COVID-19 has had a profound impact on women’s rights.
But there is one obvious area where women are affected that burns, and this is after the eruption of the horror of Corona and sets the hecks to cope with it.
In April, the United Nations announced that there are 2 million cases of burning that are predicted for a future decade in which it would be effective to prevent if the prevention of the cranes did not detract from the planning and efforts of conflagration and burning
Burnout involves partial cutting or thoroughly removing the vagina, or injuring the vaginal parts without any connection or concept to treat,, according to the World Health Organization ( WHO )
This action is a traditional and religious culture that is rooted all over Africa, in the Middle East and Asia, and it is performed by mythical, with knobs, razors, or bits of bottles.
It is also understandable whether secret mutilation is widely believed to be one of the atrocities committed against girls and, women and is stillly rare in the Middle East.
It is estimated that at least 200 million women have been affected by it.
This is well described by UNICEF in the video :
In the Middle East and North Africa, burning is a problem that is largely troubling Egypt’s, Sudan, Yemen, Iraq and Djibouti.
Carlos Javier Aguilar,, Child - Defense Counselor explains more,
Somalia is thought to have a high incineration rate in which 98 percent of women between 15 and 49 years of age have been burned.
At Djibouti, an estimated 93 percent suffer from, in Egypt 92, Sudan 88, Mauritania 69, Yemen 19 percent and Iraq 7 percent according to statistics released in June by the United Nations Population Organization ( UNFPA )
This varies according to the social caste and even the level of education in every country and in urban or rural areas.
Holocaust often occurs among the poorest people or in uneducated families in rural areas.
In Yemen, burning is rooted in the coastal belt but is relatively common in the North.
In Iraq, this has spread widely in the Northern part of the state of Kurd.
In Egypt it is more popular with girls living in the Egyptian Upper belt.
In Mauritania, more than 90 percent of women from poorer families have suffered burglaries compared with 37 percent of women from high - income families.
RESPECT : The Lesser Reported Atrocities
The size and breadth of the burglaries will have been scorned because of the world’s not having a literal picture of the complete, burglaries, according to a joint report since March, has now been approved by the Equality networks from Europe and the networks to eliminate burglaries from the United States.
This statement demonstrated that this culture is growing and is also taking place even in the Middle East and Asia, and the earth has overlooked burglaries.
Recent small research indicates that burglaries are also being carried out in Iran, along with all countries of the Gulf, such as the Kuwait, Arabic Kings Omani and Saudi Arabia.
Wine Srinivasan From Equality Now told Reuters that he was amazed at the results of such small research from such areas as Omani and Saudi Arabia, where it is not usually the areas that can come to your mind when you think of the Burnout issue
This statement was published during the fast - paced COVID-19 crisis in the Middle East and was neither published nor translated by Arabic social media and media at all.
Society misunderstandings about burning can confirm the notion that it is not of utmost importance.
Social Tabs
In the Middle East there are taboos surrounding women’s bodies where it is forbidden to discuss in public such secrets as burglaries that are intertwined with traditional beliefs, religion, and culture.
For example, in Egypt both Christians and Muslims alike believe that female burning makes them more attractive to prospective husbands and protects them from harm, but in many countries of the Middle East and Asia, they also fear that their daughters will not be married unless they are burned, according to the Tokomeza Holocaust report, a campaign designed in the Middle East to give society a glimpse of burning and to tell the world that it is not only in Africa but also in many countries of the Middle East and Asia.
The institute continues to collect more burnt statements and has developed a method of gathering statements that will help individuals or groups of people to do small research on the subject.
People prefer to avoid discussions and subject matter of incarceration just as a news event may touch the headlines as the death of a 12 - year - old daughter who blessed her after being burned in Southern Egypt in February, is where people talk.
Ghida Hussein,, an Egyptian student, told Global Voices :
Since we are not talking about this,, it is as if the problem does not exist at all.
The seating takes place quietly behind closed doors.
It is not far from the educated people in the cities where politicians and activists dwell.
Holocaust is a complex matter and for the international community to give money aid and procrastination, otherwise you will not see a society dominated by the sex of men giving priority to this.
Breaking the tables and talking about burglaries lead human rights advocates to be attacked with abusive and hateful language.
In Oman, women’s rights activist Habiba al Hinai,, founder of the Human Rights Institute Omani, did a small study in 2017 in Omani and found that 78 percent of the women were burned.
After publishing the results of his research online, Habiba received attacks and threats :
I put the results of superficial research on the street, and the response was great.
I have been attacked by religious disciplinarians who described burning as part of Islamic worship.
In Omani, where seating is not officially recognized, there is no protection for victims.
Hababah added this to his statement :
How can you tell a surgeon to talk about sitting down and then cope with all these harmful insults in the form of verbal abuse that even a family or a family may be able to separate him completely, even if his husband may divorce him if there is no formal form of support.
I don’t expect these women to stand up and speak out and face society.
Not Extinguishing Holocaust : Extremely Organized, Not Satisfied
In Yemen and the United Arab States, burning has been prevented from taking place only in, health institutions but not in the homes.
In Mauritania, there is a legal restriction but not an outright prohibition.
In Iraq cremation has been prohibited there in the religious state of Kurdi, but is still valid in the central zone of Iraq.
There have been signs of inactivity.
The following years after the founding of Egypt’s institute for women’s rights has prohibited burning in 2008
Sudan in political transition after 30 years of dictatorship has been the first to prohibit the burglaries there in April.
But law enforcement is a major challenge because burning is still on a high level and is also widely accepted.
Although the law is not a very important weapon, it is still not self - sufficient.
Countries need an implemented national plan and strategy involving police, courts offering health services, secretaries and education to the community.
A series of tragedies by the zone and the dictatorial authorities have delayed changes in the way of campaigns and investments and the breakdown of women’s circumstances.
Now all the world’s eyes are focused on the struggle against COVID-19 and its impact on the economy and many programs that are directly related to the rights of women in dangerous surroundings and providing social services have been postponed or no longer a priority.
With so many poor families and girls who are dropped out of school or married in childhood, the burning is just as unknown to you in this zone.
A photograph of Abubakar Idris Dadiyata, has been used with permission from The SignalNg.
An outstanding lecturer and prosecutor for the Nigerian government was arrested at his home on August 1, 1989, in neighboring Barnawa andgun, in Northwest Nigeria.
A year after his capture, Dadiyata has not yet been found.
He was captured in his home in the province of Kaduna, Nigeria ( Didiyata ).
His movements have not yet been understood.
His family and friends want answers to their questions : Where is @dadiyata?
Abubakar is a victim of losses #SikuYaKupota #M lureHuruDadiyata.
Dadiyata was an instructor at the Dutsinma, Public University in Katsina State.
Like a member of the People’s Anti - Democratic Party (People‘s Democratic Party ), Dadiyata always scratched with members of the People’s Progressive Congress party ) on social networks.
Read More : Fear breaks out against the kidnapping of a Nigerian government offender
All institutions of state government and central government have nothing to do with
Dadiyata was forcibly taken away by the kidnappers at 7 : 00 a.m. when she arrived at her home, a year ago on the first day of August 2019 Times.
Dadiyata, Kadija’s wife in an interview with BBC news association recalled that her husband was talking to the telephone while his car engine was still roaring when, was arrested by the kidnappers.
Although Kadija could not hear what was being said or who was talking to her on the telephone, she recalls her husband’s kidnappers were pursuing her and came home.
Dadiyata’s wife remained looking through the window in her room as her husband was taken away and left the hostages.
Worse still, there is no record of Dadiyata’s whereabouts.
It is devastating how their children keep asking their lost father,, Kadija, told the BBC.
In addition to finding Dadiyata, Nigerian security institutions have continued to commit any kind of responsibility related to her loss.
The Nigerian National Defence Department until January continued to refuse to detain Dadiyata.
The National Defence Department says that the fact that Dadiyata was taken from her home by armed men does not mean that they are members of the State Security Department.
Also, the chief attorney - general for the Kaduna, Aisha Dikko, refused to recognize her position or to be involved in any of Dadiyata’s capture.
After all, it is ironic and narrow - minded to believe that since he was captured from the state of Kaduna, then the state government is, said.
Nevertheless, the denial of State Security and the government of the shty does not eliminate the distress of Dadiyata’s wife and their two children nor restore her freedom.
Demands for Dadiyata’s release continue to appear on the pages of Facebook with the hashtag of #MwakaMmojaBilaDadiyata, as a claim to her independence from the Nigerians.
Bulama Bukarti lamented the pain this terrorism has caused Dadiyata’s family :
It is amazing how a Nigerian could be lost in such a way.
We must continue to do everything possible to unite Dadiyata and her family.
There is no room for such terrorism.
Those who captured Dadiyata will come to pay the bill.
If not now, it must be later.
This Facebook user failed when he heard Dadiyata’s wife’s interview :
I took delight in hearing Dadiyata’s wife interrogate with @bbchausa, this morning.
The only thing she asks is for the kidnappers to forgive her and let her husband return to her family, especially her small children.
Akin Akíntárọ does not understand how Dadiyata can disappear unnoticed for a year :
One question I ask myself is how Dadiyata and her car lost without leaving a mark for a whole year again in Nigeria ; neither is the government worried about the matter, yet more is seeking to wash himself than being obligated to find him because he was targeted for his crimes?
Bad luck is like no one cares about finding the offender :
In contrast, institutions of state and central government are struggling to avoid the blame of doing nothing, said human rights activist Professor Chidi Odinkalu in his interview with Vyral Africa :
Besides saying that they don’t know where someone is missing out on efforts to tell us just what they have done to find him and how they are not required to get involved with him.
This tells you how insignificant we are like little citizens.
A small thing we can do is ask where Dadiyata is and why our government does not look for her?
Students in Kaduna, State, Nigeria.
Photo by Jeremy Weate, January 15, 2010 via Flickr / CC BY 2.0.
Armed pirates invaded high school in Kaduna, Northwest Nigeria on August 24 and killed a man and captured four students and a teacher a source of news on the Sahara Reporters.
Armed men arrived and attacked the village of Dambaislost in the district of Chikun, in the province of Kampala at 5 : 45 a.m. on a motorcycle andly killed Benjamin Auta,, a farmer, according to a Web site of the premium Times.
The armed men headed for the high school of Prince, where they captured the teacher Christianah Brothers and four students — Favour Danjuma, 9, Miracle Danjuma, 13, Happy Odoji, 14, and Ezra Bako, 15.
His father, Happy, Isiaka Odoji,, told the Nigerian daily Daily Trust, that the kidnappers are demanding 20 million Naira and $53,000, in order to free their children, but they are never in a position to collect that amount.
The captured students were taking their basic education exam.
Because of the outbreak of the disease in Corona,, only school - age students were allowed to return to school.
Both the central government and the state of Botswana have remained silent about the fate of the students who were captured along with their teacher.
A Common Day in Nigeria
Facebook, Ndi Kato said this is a traumatic event to the State :
Today the children in the graduating classes who were ordered to continue school in the province of Kaduna, have been captured by armed men.
One person hasly been killed, the life span of a young man has been shortened, and some have left with them, and we will never see them again.
This must have perplexed any State
But it is still a typical day for Nigeria to hail the user of Facebook, Chima Chigozie :
Some of the students have been captured there and one of the male pupils has been murdered during the incident.
The boy’s life has been shortened this, should have shocked the State, but not this, is a typical day in Nigeria.
Jaja blames politics for causing the public to lose sympathy and anger with this kidnapping of students :
The captives ’ boys will not get the sympathy of the Chibok girls because first the boys and second the Goodluck Jonathan (GEJ ) are not President.
Goodluck Ebele Jonathan (GEJ ) was President, when 276 girls from state school were captured by guerrillas from the northeastern town of Chiści in April 2014
This capture caused a widespread procession to exist with the #Warantine hashtag heard by millions of people on the street.
Read More : Nigerians Celebrate the restoration of 82 Chibok girls in the hands of Fara
Additionally, in February 1945 a group of 110 female students were captured from a girl’s science - and technical school at Dapchi, in the state of Yobe, in the North East of Nigeria.
Read More : Females captured in Nigeria are suspected of dying
The kidnapping of Dambaislaya’s students and their teacher is a relapse.
The only difference is that in the meantime those involved in this horrendous event are not Hezekiah but, rather, armed pirates.
Terrorist Atrocities
Pirate turmoil erupted in northeastern Nigeria in the states of Zamfara, Niger, Sokoto kebbi and Katsina.
ACAPS is a free humanitarian organization, confirmed that these disturbances have nothing to do with the Black Death rebellion in the Far East :
These terrorist confusion began as a struggle between ranchers and farmers in 2011 and grew more between 2017 and 2018 involving theft of livestock for rape and murder.
Until March 2020 more than 210,000 people have become internal refugees.
Rural communities have survived in the courtesy of pirates where between January and June of this year some 1,126 people from Northern Nigeria have been killed.
The Southern Hemisphere is the most vulnerable village where 366 people have been killed during the first half of the year 2020, said the International Human Rights Organization.
Chikun LGA, the house of captured students has been facing attacks from militia groups that have accompanied kidnappings and deaths along with 45 communities to flee from their homes where they were pillaged since the year 2019, according to a Southern unification statement.
The Southern Botswana claim that the pirates are farmers belonging to the Fulani tribe who have a strategy to plunder the, land with the help of both the central and the state governments.
But the governor of the province of Kaduna, Nasir El-Rufai rejected terrorism as a result of a plunder of land or religious ideology.
In August 22, the government of the state of Kaduna ordered people not to get out from 6 : 00 p.m. until 6 : 00 a.m. when, in some areas, it is believed, it is part of a government strategy to end terrorism.
Yet,, spokesman for the Unity of the Southern Hemisphere, Luke Binniyat, lamented that famine is also killing us because people do not go to their countryside, but our people are completely hopeless.
Poet Henry Swapon and Lawyer Imtiaz Mahmood.
This combination is of their widely circulated images on social networks.
Two people were arrested there on May 14 and 15 for putting their views on their pages of Facebook.
Such arrests have raised questions among society on social networks.
The arrest of Poet Henry Swapon
In May 14, the poet and journalist Henry Swapon was arrested at his home in the town of Barishal, in the Central Bank of South Bangladesh.
He has been convicted of violating Bangladesh’s Plains Safety Act
As a member of a small Christian community, the Swapon originally sued him and his older brothers Alfred and Jewel Satkat for hurting the intimate feelings of Muslims and Christians on social networks.
Bangladesh poet and editor Henry Swapan was arrested under surveillance law!
# PoetHurtHurtHurtHurtHurtHurtHurtHurtHurtHurtHurtHurtHurtHurtHurtHurtHurtHurtHurtHurtHurtHurtHurtHurtHurtHurtHurtHurtHurtHurtHurtHurtHurtHurtHurtHurtHurtHurtHurtHurtHurtHurtHurtHurtHurtHurt
According to Dhaka the Tribune, Swapon placed a falsehood on his page of Facebook condemning Lawrence Subrata Howlader,, a Catholic Bishop in Barishal Diocese.
The bishop chose to have a cultural event in one of the Catholic churches on April 22, 1994, just one day after the terrorist attack in Sri Lanka.
Swapon thought that the Bishop would postpone the spectacle in honor of the lives of hundreds lost in the attack.
Some Christians were angry with the language that he used to the Bishop, and others used even the threat of killing him.
Swapon has been a heavy chatterer rebuking every form of oppression and bribery in his town.
Webster Swakrito Noman wrote on Facebook :
Inside Bangladesh a strategy to attack activists by condemning them to hurt feelings of confidence has become common to Muslim leaders.
Now we see that even those of unchanging Christians have begun to use this tactic.
I think those who hate this kind of criticism are mentally ill.
May the government provide a system of treatment for these patients.
We strongly reprimand the arrest of Poet Henry Swapon and want him released without reservation.
A Lawyer’s Imtiaz Mahmood
On the morning of May 15, the police arrested the Supreme Court’s Lawyer and the secretary Imtiaz Mahmud under a ruling of 2017 that is not currently in force, the, News and Technology law in which, a citizen complained that Mahmood’s publications in Facebook have hurt his immoral feelings and provoked crime in the Southeast region of Chittagong, Bangladesh.
Imtiaz Mahmood received temporary bail when the case was first brought in, but the Khagrachhari court issued a rearrest in contrast with the one in January 202
Mahmood contributed his opinion during the ethnic turmoil that resulted from the execution of a Bengal motorcycle at Khagrachhari,, causing a group of pembengali to set fire to several houses and shops in the Rangamati region of Chittagong.
Local sources told the Dhaka Tribune that the police took no action to prevent this.
Hundreds of such charges were filed from 2013 to 2018 when the Code of Information and Communication changed with the Code of Internet Safety.
Bangladesh suppresses social networks.
Police have committed a second arrest within two days under the Internet Safety Law.
Writer Imtiaz Mahmood was arrested for a trial under the Law of News and Communication on Wednesday morning.
#UjuwaKind expressed herself as an expression on the part of an expression on the part of an expression on the part of an executive
Writer Meher Afroz Shao wrote in Facebook :
He loves the mountains and the people who live there.
It writes about their rights.
I have never seen words of instigation in his writings.
Something is not right There are grave mistakes.
I believe that mistakes will be corrected quickly.
PS : I have seen so many publications in Facebook that contain profanity and prejudice in it.
If such people are prosecuted today, will the arrest be issued on the spot?
Many Plains citizens have rebuked the arrests of both of them, demanding that the law be abolished.
Bangladesh’s immigrant Leesa Gazi named :
It is utterly shameful.
The government of Bangladesh is incapable of guaranteeing public security but is trying to seize people under legislation that violates the spirit of the Bangladesh Constitution.
↑ ↑ ↑ ↑t.co/1sF Lyn10OPV
Journalist Probhash Amin wrote in Facebook :
After Poet Henry Swapon, lawyer Imtiaz Mahmood ( arrested )
Freedom of expression is restricted.
I want all the cruel laws to be abolished.
I want freeness of speech.
I want Henry Swapon and Imtiaz Mahmood to be released immediately.
Along with indicating that the law would restrict freedom of expression, Bangladesh’s parliament passed the Union Safety Act there in September 2018
This law replaced another law against the News and the Teknolijia,, which also served as a tool to silence criminals on the Plains.
This law condemns some on - the - screen discussions ranging from messages to hurtful discussions and religious values listing also great fines.
It also allows long - term bonds for cyberbullying to cause social chaos and by collecting, to send and store sensitive government information and archives via terrorist services.
The Bangladesh editorial board stated that this law is contrary to the constitutional freedom of the press and freedom of expression.
Read more : Bangladesh’s Freedom of Speech activists say one Digital Security law is for the purpose of persecution
The law authorizes the law - enforcement agencies to initiate surveillance for anyone whose activities are considered harmful and threatening to safety.
Khartoum, Sudan.
Photo by Christopher Michel from Flickr under CC BY 2.0.
Following the Sudan revolution, the Sudanese passenger authorities have signed a peace agreement with The Sudan Revolutionary Front a major rebel group that has continued its activity even after the removal of its former leader Omar Omar al‐Bashir, last year.
This historic peace agreement was signed there on August 31 in the town of Juba, South Sudan where it is supported by such Kanda and International communities as the Troika, European Union, Egypt, and some Gulf countries.
This thrill has also been overtaken by a period of historic floods that have affected some of the areas of Sudan, causing an ongoing economic collapse that had already plundered.
The Sudanese people, however, still celebrated the news on the streets.
Sudanese Bloga Waleed Ahmed wrote :
Today we make ourselves available, and we return home.
A video that glorifies the army’s slow - moving, slow - moving Movement (SLMAA ) led by Minawi announcing the disarming of the arms on the ground in December 16, 2019, to support the revolutionary movement.
Mini Arko minawi, the leader of SLMA, wrote :
Mini Arko minawi.
The yesterday’s census will put Sudan on a new course in parties and to the people of Sudan, social institutions and parties in cooperation with friends and neighboring zone.
We must make a stable platform for our country’s new history.
Sudan’s Prime Minister Abdalla Hamdok welcomed a peace agreement by saying :
I am sending the peace that we have ensigned today in our Sudan State to our children who have been born in refuge and in camps, to fathers and mothers who long for their villages and towns eagerly awaiting the grand revolution of December, a promise of justice and a promise of development and security.
This agreement guarantees freedom of sovereignty for groups of rebels in the territories they hold under the supervision of the central government.
Agreements will ensure that a third of the parliament seats belong to people from rebellious territories to communicate their needs and issues.
Agreement also guarantees justice and equality for all who were accused by past leaders, many of whom are non - Palestinian or non - Arabic.
This is not the first peace agreement in the history of Sudan.
Some citizens on the street said that a peace agreement is a normal circuit in Sudan and can bring neither peace nor tranquillity.
Inbal Ben Jehuda wrote :
An event that occurs once every 5-9 years is not a historical phenomenon but a mere cycle.
The 2006 Peace Agreement
Doha Peace Agreement 2011
The Peace Agreement of December 2020
We do well to wait before we celebrate
The Agreement Is Imperfect
Along with this thrilling event, two heretical groups have not signed this agreement. SLMA was led by Abdul Wahid al bertNur, and the independent movement of the northern Sudanese (SPLMynt ) led by Abdelaziz al‐Hilu, all gave of themselves for the absence of some of the questions about the coalition’s military system and the identity of the country.
Three days after the assertion of a peace agreement, the Prime Minister of Sudan traveled to Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, to meet the al‐Hilu to debate the conflict according to the Sudan Resolution
On Wednesday, Prime Minister Abdallah Hamdok held a secret meeting with Abdel Aziz al‐Hilu as an effort to remove obstacles to a peaceful discussion by the South Sudan government.
This meeting led to the signing of a treaty to govern the respect for the peace treaties held in Juba.
Sudan’s social networks put an end to the distribution of a copy of the agreement written in the English lugjs, with the emphasis on a 3rd peak dealing with issues of religion and nationality :
A democratic nation must be buried in Sudan.
To Sudan as a democratic State where the rights of all peoples are respected, the constitution must have grounds for isolating religion and nationality where personal rights must be respected.
Freedom of faith and worship and religious activities should be extended to all citizens of Sudan.
The State should not put the State religion out of the place of a citizen who will be discriminated against because of his religion.
Sudan’s citizens are divided into two groups on this issue : The first group considers citizenship and religion to be fundamental to human rights ; the second group considers the passive government not authorized to make decisions on the matter without the permission of citizens through democratic elections.
After the summit, a press page of the Prime Minister published a copy of the treaty in Arabic whose maudhui differed from the contents of a written copy in English.
When in an English copy emphasis has been placed on the view that it is impossible to separate religion from nationalism in an Arabic copy it is recommending a debate on this complex issue.
The difference in these two copies has raised many questions about the origin of this agreement.
Historic Peace, Historic Floods
When peace brings happiness to Sudan, the Nile continues to overflow, bringing unexpected disasters to mankind.
According to a September 8 statement of the, National Defense Council from these floods, 103, 5,482, 27,341 cattle deaths have occurred, and 42,210 homes have collapsed and 42,210 government buildings and 149 private institutions have been destroyed, and 359 stores have been destroyed, and 4,208 acres of crops have been damaged by the flooding.
YouStorm on his Facebook page featured a video comparing the tides in the Nile on July 16 and August 16 :
Flooding in the Nile River in Sudan on July 16 compared with August 30 #Sentinel2 in Northern Khartoum.
It is made from #EO Tram @sentinel_hub #Sudanfloods pic. Montenegro.com/l8LRNBFY9m
There, on September 3, the governor of the state of Sinnar, Ustadhi Elmahi Sulieman announced the danger on his page Facebook :
This night the Nile has been raised by torrential rains that have resulted in the breakdown of the protective walls and barricades — a small swamp made of clay sacks of the township of Singa and the areas of upright Benin, — and that has begun to flood township and residential areas.
So we give directions to all governmental and private authorities to appear and come to help save citizens as soon as possible as well as to give them food and health care and sanctuaries.
Fear - inspiring :
The town of Singa, is frightening after the rain breaks down its barrier wall, allowing water from the Nile River to flow into town.
Sudanese youths from the island of Tuti built a wall to keep floodwaters from entering their island.
It was a heroic act, relating Hassan Shaggag :
These are the ones who will build in Sudan.
Sudan’s citizens have shortages of such basic necessities as bread,, gases and electricity after a six - hour breakdown of electricity a day.
Sudan’s currency plunge has now exceeded 202, according to Professor Steve Hanke.
Until now, however, the passive government has not yet been able to dominate the market.
Now again there is a promise of peace, just what is government strategy to simplify civilian life?
Student leader Jutatip Sirikhan dressed in white as a sign of a strike after his release.
Photos and comments from Prachatai
This article is from Prachatai,, a free source of information in Thailand, edited and published by the Global Voices as part of a service agreement.
The secretary of the Thailand Federation of Students Jutatip Sirikhan has been arrested on his way to college on September 1 for participating in a major demonstration on July 18.
Jutatip was caught in a car on his way to a classroom in Bangkok’s Tha Prachan kampus at the University of Thammasat.
He entered a businessman on his page of Facebook on the afternoon of September 1 when civilian soldiers stopped the taxi he had climbed and gave him a document to arrest him.
Jutatip was taken to the police station at the l Samranrat.
A police officer accompanied him to the outpost on another taxi because he did not feel safe to board a private vehicle with the soldiers who came to arrest him.
He continued to be a businessman on his page Facebook,, reading the paragraph on Common Discernment translated into Thai by Thomas Paine.
He was taken to Bangkok’s criminal court and was bailed and released at five o’clock in the evening under the supervision of a lecturer from thammasat university.
The court did not require him to pay 100,000 baht ( equivalent to $ 3,190) for, bail but was stipulated that he was not required to repeat the accused error and that the terms were handed down to each arrested and acquitted.
Jutatip is the 14th activist to be arrested for participating in the great demonstration of July 18.
Another 15 members of the procession have received a call and have to the Samranrat police station to hear their charges there in August 28
Jutatip was charged with instigation in defying the Emergency Edict and the Code of Infectious Diseases as well as other charges.
Jutatip appeared before a criminal court after his release and held a brief meeting with the media.
Paint can be purified, but we cannot purify oppression
I didn’t plan to run from before.
I understood that I had a arrest document
and I’ve been waiting for a long time to be arrested, but it didn’t happen until now.
Each time one person is arrested, there must be negative remarks that we were not accompanied in peace.
I am a student and have been troubled by soldiers for some months, for several years.
Why is there no ransom for me?
Why is there a ransom only for the dictatorial servants of the police?
There was to be a call first, but what happened was that the police came with a document to arrest me directly.
It is a high - level oppression of the student.
They found me by pursuing my telephone contact from where I live.
They have threatened people at my home, my family, and they sent me a document to arrest me at home, so we now have to strengthen our demonstrations.
Everything is according to the constitution.
We pay our taxes, not governmental degradation, but government protection.
So today, I have expressed myself by signing that we can do this.
We must stand for our rights and freedom.
Dyeing yourself is also a process that can take place.
Jutatip then poured a white bucket on his body as he raised his hand high up with his three fingers in the salute of the Hunger Games.
White, he said, represents cleanliness and justice, and they demand the restoration of justice.
We consider this a right, an example that we can do.
Even if it is to paint ourselves now,, is a way of showing that we can paint ourselves at any hour.
We can pour out the colors on those in authority because they convict us and shoot us at no time, no matter what their authority might be.
Paint can be refined but oppression cannot be refined.
Jutatip thereafter thanked the lecturer who guaranteed him with people who came to his side and helped the crowd to clean the paint that had spread out on foot before the court.
We will not stop struggling until we conquer everything, including the reforms of the kingdom and the new constitution, said Jutatip.
Screensed view from video clippings on DVDs, on DVDs, on DVDs, on DVDs, and on DVDs.
Written by Grace Jolliffe and initially and originally by Video Volunteers,, the award - winning international Web group and headquarters is India.
A slightly edited edition has been printed below as part of a mutual agreement.
As India passes through a period of seven major elections ranging from 11 April to 19 May 2017 to elicit its seventh parliament ( Lok Sabha), some of India’s voters have taken exceptionally guilty of incriminating elective operations.
Read More : All you want to know about India’s major elections
In Goa,, a South Indian state, the inhabitants of a small village in the suburb of Cancona ( district convention ) the village of Marlem refused to vote on April 23 on the third election session, claiming that the government had become the problem in their village.
Their main complaint is that such essential needs and services as good roads and sanitation and safe water services have never been provided by governments.
Video Advertiser Devidas Gaonkar,, a native of the Velip, tribe of Goa ranchers, depicting the villagers ’ illustrations :
In this video, Pandurang Gaonkar,, a village dweller of Marli, said :
From Tirwal to Marlem, only two and a half miles [ 3 km ] of roads are unfinished.
To this day no action was taken by the authorities.
They simply throw away false promises and no execution.
As a result, the, have not voted.
The inhabitants of the village of Marlem have been living in that village for over 20 years now.
In 1968 the forest department declared the village of Marlem a safe haven for wildlife.
This makes the building of roads or any work of improvement in this area difficult to carry out.
According to the,, an arrangement for passing the electric trunk on satisfaction so that it could reach the area was passed but was recently prevented because of obstacles from the National Forest Department
Another source of local anxiety is the lack of good roads.
A person is required to travel from the highway about eight miles [ 2.8 km ] on a badly cleansed road so that he can find the first house in the village of Marlem.
In the long run, the distribution of electricity and safe and clean water to the villagers has remained a challenge to the villagers.
Along with putting their complaints publicly from time to time but having been unable to find answers to their needs, the inhabitants of Marlem and the inhabitants of two other villages decided not to vote in order to win the ears of the authorities over their disputes.
The members of the election commission came to talk to us about our decision not to vote, and our position is there, where Pandira added.
Cancona,’s parliamentary member Isidore Fernandes,, a leader of opposition from the National Congress ), also met with the local people.
After listening to their grievances, he assured them that he would help them deal with the grievance.
It is important for any government to build highways to supply electricity and water for their people.
Until now all government officials have neglected to render these services in the village of Marlem, said Fernandes.
Resisting elections has now been like one of the strikes, although voting is not compulsory in India.
Unlike Goa, villages in the Central state Madhya Pradesh,, in the western state of Maharashtra, and in the Eastern state, they have been using this tactic to reach their priorities before the leaders of the authorities involved.
However, none of these strikes have been intervened by the government.
Many voters have become accustomed to using this tactic as a signal to express their anger to politicians and government officials who turn to the communities they promoted during elections in hopes of gaining their, votes while failing to carry out their promises after the election.
But what, in the long run, would sociologists decide to do to win the ears of authorities who should hear their voices and take action?
Journalist Amade Abubacar.
Photos and : caiccajuda/Youtube.
Amade Abubacar and Germano Adriano,, who were arrested earlier this year while collecting news of a military conflict in the Northern Mozambique belt, have been released without charge on April 23, 1994
Amade,, who has been contributing to distant sources of information in Zitamar News and A Carta,, was detained on January 5 as he conducted interviews with internal refugees from the district of Macomia in the Northern state of, Cabo Delgado.
Germano,, a reporter for the Nacedje, social radio station, was missing since February 6 and was found in detention on 18, February.
According to a statement issued by the Southern Press Association of Africa’s(MISA)、 Amade and Germano were charged with spreading reports of defiling some of the leaders of the Mozambican Civil Army through their pages of Facebook, where they announced the beginning of the fighting that took place in the Macomia district villages.
The reporters were released from Mieze prison inemba,, the headquarters of Cabo Delgado, while awaiting trial at the local judge’s court in Cabo Delgado.
The trial is scheduled for the first hearing on May 17.
Since the beginning of the year, armed mobs such as knives have been attacking the villages of Cabo Delgado, burning houses and slaughtering residents.
More than 90 people have been trapped since the onslaught, according to police reports.
To this day no group has come up publicly to admit to such attacks.
In December 2018 the magazine A Carta de Moçambique presented a page of Facebook, with a seemingly inscription on which the page commends the attack by armed groups at Cabo Delgado
Whether the charges against Amade and Germano are linked to this page is unclear.
The newspaper’s defense team says that there is no connection between them and that page or any other criminal activity on the pages of Facebook.
The charges against these reporters have been crowded with syntoxicity.
After Amade was detained, the police put him under the protection of the Civil Army.
He was put in a Military prison where he spent 12 days without any communication and then transferred to a civil prison.
These reporters were accused only when it reached 16 April, as a 90, - day violation of the last procedure contrary to the arrest law and detention of Mozambique, in the case of Abubacar.
In the proceedings during their detention period all the writers were unanimously charged with delinquency of violating government secrets through social networks and influencing society by means of terrorist means.
These charges are in conflict with the earlier charges against them, in which the MISA translated them as spreading a polluting message to some of the leaders of the Mozambican civil forces through the page Facebook that prohibited the attacks on the Macomian district villages.
During the 106 days spent in prison,, Abubacar suffered food shortages and medical restrictions, according to a statement by the Human Rights Organization ( Amnesty International )
His family told the newspaper @Vapa that they were prevented from visiting Abubacar throughout the time he was in detention.
What happened to these journalists was part of the continued persecution of media workers in Northern Mozambique.
The journalist for the Independent Studies Estácio Valoi was also imprisoned in December 2018 in Cabo Delgado for mysterious legal reasons.
Later he was released without charge, but his work equipment remained in the hands of the army.
The Call for Justice
Cídia Chissungo,, a reformer and activist for the #AmedeAwekweHuru campaign, celebrated the statements :
#AmadeAbubacar and #GeramanoAdriano are finally free after being in detention for 4 months
We really celebrate, but we will never forget how everything began.
We said for a while : The Press is not a crime.
Thank you for supporting us in
Angela Quintal,, president of the Project for the Protection Committee for the Nabatae ( CPJ ) of Africa, said :
Now it is to make sure that the charges are dismissed and that she can continue her work without fear of arrest.
The fact is that he has endured 106 days of unchallenged detention before bail is not a courtesy treated to him.
Qualified!
A picture of the leader of the Iranian Revolution Imamu Khomeini sitting in the wall of a building at Sanandaj, in the Iranian archdiocese in the suburb of Kurdistan is seen through a window.
Photo by Jordi Boixareu.
Not owning Demotix
Global Voices ’ cofounder Ethan Zuckerman has described it as a model for people who like to explain their home culture to people from other cultures.
This idea was developed through a network that is deeply rooted in the Global voices and describes the great work and culture of society.
Since our work is aimed at promoting a schism between external attitudes toward Iran and the real within the country,, Global Voices Iran has begun a series of interviews with an Iranian curiosist and writers who will do so.
These interviews will be held to understand how and how these people who did their work through explaining to the outside of Iran about Iran as well as the difficulty and complexity of explaining it.
Golnaz Esfandiari : I think the use of the social media in Iran and its benefits are increasing
Golnaz Esfandiari is an accompanying broadcaster in the Free Europe/Radio Liberty, and one of a few journalists who have gone outside of Iran writing in English about the disturbances and challenges of the American society and politics.
The photograph has been used with the permission of Golnaz Esfandiari.
Read more : Conversation with Golnaz Esfandiari, Bridge of information engineering in the Ingreese language
In an interview with Global Voices, said :
I think the use of the social media in Iran has increased and its benefits have also increased.
Government officials admit this and I also see many people in the country using social networks.
I think that since 2009 the use of social networks has increased significantly.
Some of the Irenians have told me that after reading about the claims of the Facebook Revolution in Iran, they have joined the Internet.
Social networks promote conversation and associate objectionable or shameful forms of entertainment and open debate.
People also often criticize government policies and attitudes on social networks.
Kelly Golnoush Niknejad : You should be journalist, psychologist, professor and contemporary psychic reader
Iranian news investor Kelly Golnoush Niknejad, is the founder of the Tehran Institute, a source of information that helps with The Guardian that writes about Iran and its weakhearted Irenians.
His goal is one of the leading sources that give a different outlook to countries in political, cultural, and social issues.
Photo by Kelly Golnoush Niknejad and has been used with permission.
Read more : How Kelly Golnoush Niknejad’s Tehran Institute links Iran with the Western world.
In the bad attitude of the nongrateful people toward Iran, he described :
When it comes to the question of Iran,, I always find myself going back to 1979 and then describing the changes that took place decade after decade to bring about the meaning of the present.
At times it is very difficult even for thetirans themselves to understand what is happening in Iran at present, much less for the nontirans.
This illustrates how important it is to overshadow Iran with a staggering, if we put it in a special flow the lives of ordinary people.
Reaching the country with the statements of scholars and authorities alone is not as basic or as important to us as the publishers.
That is why even the most attentive people who pursue news do not understand the basics of what is happening in Iran.
True, if they follow the statements from Tehran Institute, then they will have a very different outlook.
Nina Ansary : I believe women will take the lead in any change in Iran
Nina Ansary is the author of God’s Companion Jewelry : Myth About Iranian Women, the first book ever to write about the equal attitude of women in politics from the late 19th century until now.
Cover of the book The Gemstones of God’s Companion
The book explains how women have been able to build up the modern - day history of Iran and how they continue to do so when, kept busy in establishing the foundations of their rights and equality in the societies that have been suppressing them by nature.
Read more : Conversation With Neighborhood Writer Nina Ansary on Eve of Change
Ansary said that he had a positive outlook on the future of Iran and a woman’s place in it :
and because I saw their restoration.
And this is because female activists did not get the sure answers : Women were not allowed to be trappers but now serve as spies trappers.
Women were not allowed to read some of the furniture but for years have been able to penetrate into furniture that was dominated by more men, such as medicine and engineering.
With great caution I look forward to what is positive, but I believe that women will take the lead in any change in Iran.
Saeed Kamali Dehghan : They view Iran as a black - and - white picture but it is not.
It is like a rainbow that spreads.
With over 800 articles related to Irani, Saeed Kamali Dehghan is the first chief secretary - general of The Guardian who volunteered to write about Iran and one of the few who were hired by a large English - language news service.
The photograph has been used with the permission of Saeed Kamali Dehghan.
Many of his statements have to do with human rights violations in Iran, but as he said in a telephone interview, a major problem for the Western media is that they view Iran as a black - and - white picture but that Iran is not.
Iran is like the Rainbow, in color
Read more : Saeed Kamali Dehghan, who writes to Iran in The Guardian
In difficulty writing the country to which he is emotionally attached, Saeed explains :
I’m grateful I have my feelings about a country, but when I write about it, I try to sit a little corner to get rid of prejudice.
But I am allowed to express my thoughts when writing contrary information and have been doing something like that.
I wrote about why Canada misunderstood Iran and this sent the then secretary of state to condemn me through his Tweeter page as being used by the Iranian authorities.
I have been the target of attacks by some who have accused me of being enslaved and by others who have accused me of serving in England.
I believe this is a sign that I am doing my job accordingly.
Omid Memarian : Turning your anger into an upbuilding and antisocial entity is an art
Omid Memarian,, a U.S.
Omid Memarian is a well - educated writer in ancient Iran and now works in the United States and has been writing material from Iran for all languages of English and Persian.
Our interviews wanted to discern the differences in writing information about Iran to users of different languages and his experience as an internal and external reporter.
Read more : Grateful journalist Omid Memarian
Memarian describes his experience in writing and reporting to the civil community in Iran as follows :
There were and still are people inside of Iran who believe to enable the totalitarian social blocs of politics and freedom of news, the Islamic government can gradually change from the inside.
On the other hand, there are other forces that struggle to prove that this is impossible and one way is to make the environment so dangerous that no one will dare remain doing what he was doing.
When I insisted on continuing to do what I was doing to write about the things I believed I was arrested and thrown into prison.
Hooman Majd : Iran has no distinctive difference : The only thing here is that most people don’t know much about Iran.
We are now in the crossroads of foreign policy in the United States.
Several weeks toward the end of Bush,’s regime, the United States is more likely to break free from its long - standing ambition with its long - standing Muslim enemy, Iran.
In Donald Trump’s visionary Israelite rays, I think it’s time to sit down with the reporter and keeper Hooman Majd.
His works, articles, and publications describe the Iranian riddle that has broadly appeared in the mass media of the United States during the Bush era when brutality against the Iranian government turned out to be a major characteristic of the outward policy and the media’s attitude toward Iran in the early 2000 ’ s.
Hooman Majd has been known as the Iranian voice to the West.
A photograph of Majd by Ken Browar, has been used with permission.
Read more : Conversation with Hooman Majd,, a bridge between the Iranian and U.S. media.
Whether the wrong attitude toward Iran has brought a lesson since its book in 2008 aimed at challenging the wrong attitudes about the civilian race to U.S. readers :
Ahmadinejad was the first to be exposed to the very first source of negative news, the politics of the media.
But both American - American and European - born Beroeans have written extensively about their culture in recent times, and numerous journeys between Iran and the United States and between American - American Beroeans and traditional Beroeans.
At present they understand it quite well, and there are a lot of books.
Iran is not a unique riddle : but one that is unique is that many people know little about Iran.
Demonstrants in Rio de Janeiro : Education is our weapon.
There, on May 15, thousands of Brazilians marched into the streets of all 26 states, protesting the government of Bolsonaro to cut off education funds that would affect hundreds of schools and colleges.
At the end of April, Brazil’s government announced a 30 - percent reduction of what is said to be a budget for hydroelectric expense combined with research.
When it comes to a total government budget for higher education, the rate can reach up to three or five percent
The government, however, has canceled sponsorship for some 3,500 state - sponsored higher education students
From the countryside of Paulista in São Paulo,, a center of ecumenical demonstrations, to the natural gardens in Alto Rio Negro, near the border of Colombia, people went out in behalf of public education.
In Viçosa, Minas Gerais, a congregation of some 5,000 people marched with umbrellas as heavy rains fell.
Aerial view of a large group of protesters at Paulista in São Paulo in opposition to the funds for education and scientific research. #15M #TodosPela hr hr hr hr hr hr hr hranakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanakanak
http://globalvoices.org ingr ingr ingr ingr ingr ingr ingrupaupaupaupaupaadshezhezhezhezhez cip cip cip cip lut lut lut lutaturaturaturaturaturaturaturaturaturaturaturaturaturaturatur
Brazil with 69 public academies and a large number of government universities and all offer free master’s degree and degree of admission and some social services, such as legal and hospital counseling offices.
Previously, these cut - offs were to be held in three academies but baadayr was extended to all others.
Bolsonaro,’s minister of education Abraham Weintraub said that these are not shortcuts but rigid expenditures.
Weintraub explained that there are shatterings because public academies are like a part of destruction.
When asked by the reporter to explain examples of the destructionWhen he mentioned the presence of large social gatherings in the courtyard as well as the presence of celebrations of naked people.
Weintraub was appointed prime minister early in April after his predecessor was removed for some of the conflicts.
This new minister has always been voicing views that go hand in hand with right - of - hand policies as drugs were identified in Brazil as a Communist strategy, and wants to eradicate the culture of the Urathirxblica
Some college officials have suggested that the cuts could prevent them from opening their doors early in the second millennium
The government prosecutor’s office has sent a statement to the chief lawyer complaining of the incrimination of Brazil’s constitution.
Rio de Janeiro looks Good!
Hundreds and thousands are clinging in as the night comes in opposing the currents of the scientific and educational budget.
Researchers from the university of Minas Gerais (UFMG ), researchers among the problem groups in Brazil, have found many conversations through the app, especially after the announcement of a budget cut.
Research has developed a tool that will widely pursue problem groups and will be used extensively by an organization that is involved in quarrying the truth in Brazil.
The researcher leader Fabrício Benevuto on May 8 his page of Facebook said :
[ Picture combined ] colorless photos by the headlines and the subjects.
There are photographs of people being naked at a party where they are not even. You see a series of protest jokes that say it takes 12 years for students to graduate because they are on drugs all the time.
This is clearly a planned purpose.
By the same style of election campaigns.
Who is grateful for this deceptive factory?
An article in Ciência and Rua ( street sciences in Portuguese ) claims that public academies are producing 95 percent of Brazilian scientific studies.
A study conducted by the U.S. statesman Clarivate feedback in 2018 reveals that of 20 academies 15 of the best research producers are part of the government’s network.
On the day of the procession, the minister Weintraub was called on to comment on the drawing of a budget in the lower - house parliament of Congress.
Bolsonaro is an enemy of education
Education is an act of Love and Courage #Tsunami DaEducacao pic. Montenegro.com/sEEOb5wDxz
Bolsonaro was later in Texas, U.S.A., where he met former U.S. President George W. Bush.
When asked about the procession, the President said :
It is not uncommon [ that signposts have appeared ] now, most of the people there are nothing - missing on the head.
Whether to ask them a 7th answer 8, they do not know.
Whether they ask about the structure of the water, they will be unknown.
They are foolish and profitable and have been exploited by a handful of treacherous men who conduct a number of public academies in Brazil.
Uganda journalist Gertrude Uwitware Tumusiime has tasted double - burden events while working like a female journalist in Uganda.
Screens photo from The Other Side : Gertrude Uwitware Call to You on YouTube.
In Uganda, women who use geographical media to report, to give opinions and get information are faced with assaults and humiliations because they are investigating and publishing sensitive political information.
Online bullying has become a new form of control.
Women in the media are carrying a double burden of sex - induced bullying on the Internet along with threats associated with political media.
These ongoing threats have caused women to withdraw from public debates and leave the field of journalism more dominated by men
Read More : The cost of having a different viewpoint : Social media riddle in Uganda
Joy Doreen Biira,, journalist.
Photos and Wombs via Wikimedia Commons CC BY 3.0.
In November 2016 Uganda’s journalist Joy Doreen Biira,, who was working on Kenya’s private television network, returned home to Uganda for a cultural event.
When Missira was at home, the Ugandan security forces battled with the defenders of the kingdom of Rwenzururu in the province of Rwenzori in western Uganda, and their palace was burned.
The shooting fights killed 62, including 16 policemen
Biira wrote her feelings about the incident of the military attack by publishing her opinion on Facebook on November 27 :
It is very sad what I witnessed today with my own eyes part of the Kingdom Hall in mine where the Kingdom of Rwenzururu, burns in the fire.
I felt as if I were drowning an inheritance destroyed in front of my eyes.
On that very day, Biira was arrested and charged with distributing complicated photographs of the horrendous fights between the security forces and the Rwenzururu king’s guardians to a multilateral group, according to the Committee to Protect Journalists
He also published a video about the king’s palace being on fire and recorded his story on Facebook, which the CPJ stated.
Uganda’s security officials were charged with forcing Biira to remove publications from social networks and her religious facilities confiscated, according to a Freedom House report by 2018
Biira was charged with supporting terrorism for carrying videos of a military assault on the king’s palace with capital punishment under a law to combat terrorism if convicted.
One day later, however,, was released on bail.
The story of Biira sparked violent criticism on social networks by proclaiming such conclusions as #FreeJoyDoreen and #JournalismIsNotaCrime.
This cyberman denounced Uganda’s President Yoweri Museveni for his silent behavior :
#FreeJoyDoreen President @KagutaMuseveni will never have to give up the habit of silencing scribes.
This action is a major violation of human rights in our land.
The attorney for Biira, Nicholas Opiyo, published a twit showing the official charges against her :
A copy of Joyanay Accused of assisting with terrorism ( amusement )
#journalism ( journalist ) is not a crime @ pseudonymenya @ pseudonymenya #FreeJoyDoreen
Opiyo told Global Voices that the case of Biira was dismissed and canceled in March 2017 after the regime investigated and failed to testify to her charges.
As with other cases like these,, a person lays an burden on the soul but remains a feeling of oppression, injustice, and pain, said Opiyo,, also executive director of the Chapter Four Uganda,, a human rights organization.
Opiyo added that spending several days in jail and suffering the pain of being caught in a rage are feelings that never go away from a person.
Web - site assault
Women who are victims of bullying are rarely justified and often have difficult time to make sure that their complaints are taken seriously and checked properly.
In April 2017, Gertrude Tumusiema Uwitware,, NTV Uganda,’s tune announcer, defended Stella Nyanzi,, a scholarly activist who criticized the sovereignty of Moscow for not keeping promises of sodo towel campaigns for girls in the heavens.
The rulers forced Uwitware to remove its Facebook and Facebook publications that supported Nyanzi.
He received threats at Facebook and then was kidnapped by anonymous figures at about five o’clock, according to the Uganda’s 2017 human rights report
His kidnappers were allegedly questioned about his relationship with Nyanzi, and badly beat him and even cut his hair.
Read more : Is a woman’s nudity an unclean word?
feminist Stella Nyanzi continues the struggle in court
Uwitware was later found at the police station in Kampala.
The monarchy, however, has not yet made any statements about the investigation of his captivity.
Political journalists, especially those who regularly reflect the politics of opposing parties, are witnessing more threats than those who reflect other issues.
But women journalists are worse off because the government believes they are weaker and more vulnerable than they are, according to Mukose Arnold Anthony,, Secretary of Media Safety and Human Rights of the Uganda Press Association ( UJA ) who spoke to Global Voices via Approach on April 3
When it comes to the question of sexual exploitation on the Internet, women journalists are afraid to place themselves while few tell them their world end up hurting, Anthony said.
It appears for women journalists to encounter more psychological damage to, violations of their privacy decreased recognition, reductions of their opportunities to move around and the, control and loss of property due to their jobs, according to a UNESCO study of freedom of expression in Africa published in 2009
And, according to a study of the Human Rights Network for Ministerialists of NATO 12 percent of female journalists have encountered harassment and delinquency, including death threats and arrests.
Three quarters of women journalists have encountered injustice in the hands of government officials such as the, chief district police and other security officials.
Attacks and persecution
Ugandan journalist Luti Remmy has encountered assaults and persecution while in business as a female reporter.
The accompanying accompanying accompanying accompanying the accompanying accompanying accompanying the accompanying accompanying accompanying the accompanying accompanying accompanying accompanying the accompanying accompanying accompanying the accompanying accompanying accompanying accompanying accompanying the accompanying accompanying accompanying accompanying accompanying accompanying accompanying the accompanying accompanying accompanying accompanying accompaniment.
Luti Remmy,, a Ugandan journalist who is currently working in the United States, told Global Voices that she stopped working as a secretary in Uganda because she felt a loss of enthusiasm after a frightening incident while she was broadcasting election statements in Uganda in 2016
The Ugandan police arrested Remmy as she made direct announcements through the private - owned NBS horn to illuminate the house of the chief opposition chancellor XX.Kizza Besigye in the town of Casangati.
Remmy told Global Voices :
The police raised anarchy when they stopped the reporters from proclaiming a report about Besigye.
The police caressed my breasts in their car, stripped me of clothes, and left me naked in front of the, camera, according to Remmy.
He was also pursued and persecuted by a police officer at Facebook because the government of Uganda thought that he had collaborated with Besigye to contaminate the country.
He told Global Voices that a message of inscription from strangers was left at his door with threats of capture if he refused to confide in Besigye’s route from his home.
After the arrest of Remmy, the Uganda News Network for Human Rights provided a poll to measure the realities of the case.
They asked : The Ugandan police claimed that the NBS recorder Bahati Remmy violated legitimate orders and also prevented the police from carrying out their duties, causing them to arrest him.
Do you agree with this?
Magambo Emmanuel wrote :
It is a weak reason and an absolute lie because there is a videotape portraying the arrest of the Luck.
Police should stop directing their problems to the press.
Davide Lubuurwa wrote :
Anyone who tries to get to know people about the state of the nation must be arrested.
A serious problem is coming in Uganda very soon.
What irritates me is that anyone who tries to make a statement that does not support the current regime is taken as if he were a heretic, so the Ugandan people must be disillusioned.
Many women in Uganda have left the press, especially those that criticize the government for fear of assault and bullying.
News experts have explained that governments and security agencies telephone editors and order them not to publish information that gives the government a negative impression.
These attacks are rarely on by women the situation that causes it difficult to grasp the real depth of the problem.
Remmy dragged the Ugandan government to the Ugandan Commission for Human Rights, but to this day, has nothing to do with his case.
The commission lacks the freedom required to make decisions on the part of those who present complaints against the government.
His seven, delegates and chairman, are elected by the president with the approval of Parliament.
They are biased, Remmy said, while adding : They have an accumulation of, cases and most cases they want to hear are handed over by the government.
Many of the threats posed by women in the media are closely related to bullying.
Remmy believes that the status and status of women journalists should always be taken into consideration because attacks against women are suppressing the publicity sector in general.
When Uganda is prepared to hold presidential elections and parliamentary elections in 2021, assaults and bullying of women and governments should be eliminated because it affects access to the news, the freedom of expression and the rights of Ugandan citizens ’ democracies.
The freedom of the press remains a neglected child in the country system, Remmy told Global Voices.
This article is part of the series entitled jedwali : Webster’s Webster’s Webster’s Webster’s Webster’s Webster’s Webster’s Webster’s Webster’s Webster’s Webster’s Webster’s Webster’s Webster’s Webster’s Webster’s Webster’s Webster’s Webster’s Webster’s Webster’s Webster’s Webster’s Webster’s Webster’s Webster’s Webster’s Webster’s Webster’s Webster’s Webster’s Webster’s Webster’s Webster’s Webster’s Webster’s Webster’s Webster’s Webster’s Webster’s Webster’s Webster’s Webster’s Webster’s Webster’s Webster’s Web
This project is sponsored by the African Bags of Childhood Rights of the Organization for International TEHAMA Policy Cooperation for East and South Africa ( CIPESA )
The roots of trees stretched out on the 15th - century wall on the island of Kilwa Island, Tanzania.
In 1981, the ruins of the mighty Swahili sultan on the island were declared UNESCO’s heritage site.
Photo by David Stanley, January 1, 2017, CC BY 2. 0.
The editor’s suggestion : This personal article was written following a 2012 campaign sponsored by the Global Voices band of South Africa in the Sahara Desert in cooperation with the Rising Voices Project there each week, a different linguist shared his views on interference in religious rights and African Languages as part of the Matricoko project identification : The threat of free expression in Africa.
According to the United Nations Educational and Cultural Organization, language and cultural diversity are strategically important to people around the world in an effort to strengthen the unity and integrity of society.
This diversity of languages and cultures pressured UNESCO’s main conference to announce the International Mother Language Day in November 1999 the anniversary of February 21 each year.
Fortified by the UN ( UN ), the UN declared the International Year of Natural Languages ( 2014 ) to highlight the threat of the destruction of the world’s indigenous languages.
Today, has over 7,100 languages spoken worldwide, 28 percent of them in Africa alone.
In spite of this, English is taking the lead in the street in this area.
Twenty years ago, 80 percent of the world’s online content was based on English.
In the meantime, however, the English, maudhui is said to drop to a 51 - to 55 - percent rate
The heresy, therefore, is :je, to decline while it indicates that people now prefer their native languages to, English, considering that only under 15 percent of the world’s English - speaking population is their first language
English : The Coming of the Seed?
Swahili is recognized as one of the official languages of the African Union ( AU ) besides Ingrenese, Portuguese, Spanish and Arabic.
Swahili is also the widely used language of the member nations of the eastern African Community ( EAC )
Rwanda, a member state of EAC, through its lower parliament, passed a scheme to make Swahili the official language in 2017 besides French and English.
Besides being used for the purpose of rulership, Swahili will be included in the country’s educational course.
In Uganda, in September 2019, the government approved the establishment of the National Swahili Council.
Article 6 (2) of the Constitution of Uganda has also stated that Swahili will become the second official language in Uganda and will be used in the environment as the Parliament can legally order it.
In South Africa, a nation that boasts an official language, 11, developed Swahili as a voluntary lesson in its, course beginning in 2020
In 1919 the South African Development Community ( SADC ) transmitted Swahili as its fourth official language.
Smooth Swahili on the Wall
Photo by Rachel Strohm, September 20, 19,19
Despite being the most widely spoken African,, an estimated 150 million people live in East Africa, the main milk zone of southern Somalia, and other areas of southern Africa, the Swahili appearance on the street is finyu.
John Walubengo,, a lecturer at Kenya’s Multimedia University, analyzes in his article in Nation, a daily journal in Kenya, that the lack of language and culture on the Internet is shaping a world - shaped society.
The Buddhists explain that many natural cultures end up surrendering their identity to English - speaking conditions.
This sad truth can be changed, however, only if natural societies struggle to preserve their identity on the Internet and what outside the Internet, says.
The whole process, however, is not disappointing.
There are a number of organizations that took the lead in promoting and promoting Swahili on the Internet.
The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers
(ICANN)、 International Association of Many Numbers, which coordinates the Internet Names Service (IP ) and free - system numbers, introduced the International Committees (IDNs)، ), which enable people to use the names of the team in natural languages and texts.
These letters are then mined by the Unicode standard and used as is permitted by the IDN, sets of standards designated by the Internet Architecture Board (IAB)、 and its small corporate groups • The Commission for Online Engineering ( IETF ) and the Commission for Online Research (IRTF )
The Universal Acceptance Steering Group
UASG is a society of tas, leaders owned by ICANN, that provides a community on the Internet for the next billion Internet users.
This is achieved by means of a process known as the Universal Acceptance ( U.S. ) that ensures that the programs and networks handle all the high - standard teams ( T LDs ) and e - mails according to them in a stable way along with those in non - Latin texts and those in more than three letters.
UA serve worldwide networkers in their native languages and by the names of the provinces that identify their culture.
So, develops a multilingual network.
ICANN Wikis
This unprofitable Web site promoted by society on the issues of ICANN and cybercrime has long associated with, institutions in Kenya and Tanzania for education and private people.
This has enabled the East Africans to build a, to translate and increase the resources of the Wiki by their experiences, language, and attitude.
This Swahili project with which months like a writer I have been able to get officially involved has shut down information related to the issues of the Internet Power by encouraging me to promote participation in targeted societies.
Localization Lab
Localization Lab, is an international community with volunteer members who bear the translation and authoritarianism of usage guidelines and such secure religious instruments as TOR, Signal, Psiphon.
These technologies are promoting privacy, privacy, and hiding by ensuring that natural - language activists are safe to reach online newscasts.
Localization Lab has translated more than 60 instruments into 180 different languages throughout the earth
Removing Community Network ( K 290 )
The world’s first network to experiment with TV wave technology offers TVWS, a wireless and wireless technology that uses radio waves within a range of between 470 and 790 bands of feet [ 470 - 790 m ] to solve the challenge of village connections in Tanzania.
It is teaching villagers to design and be native to the beneficial natural maudhui and its surroundings.
Conflict Jabhera,, founder of the KCN and assistant lecturer at the University of Excel, Tanzania,, told the Global Voices via the Chat, telephone that he believes that the original maudhui is driving more people out of the net to join the Web because they can understand their statements of origin [ ] compared with the current situation where most of the services are available in the English language.
Next billion online users
The world is hoping to unite the next billion online users and an estimated 17 million of these users are on the Internet using language as their own religious identity.
So the absence of natural molecules may have a profound effect if you take into consideration the combination.
Bayana, this will affect religious rights no more than access to the Internet, access to comments on the Internet, and the right to use their native languages to make, to share, and to distribute information and knowledge via the Internet.
It is therefore necessary to set out strategies that will promote the development of the TEHAMA programs and the services, as well as the use of the mother tongue to ensure religious integration for all.
Survived by such sophisticated efforts as the availability of, teaching and learning facilities and TEHAMA literacy schemes in the villages, could spark a civil revolution and thereby promote the ethnic rights of Web users and bridge the void of religious disunity.
This process will eventually speed up the protection of all African languages and minor languages on the Web as it is achieved in the principles of the African Declaration of Internet Rights and Freedoms.
The Mantic Project Identity has been sponsored by the African Children’s Rights Fund, operated by the International TEHAMA Cooperative for East and South Africa ( CIPESA )
The Internet chamber of TEDGlobal.
Creative Commons photo by user Flickr, Erik ( HASH ) Hersman, June 3, 2007
(CC BY 0.5 )
Global Voices, through his writers of the South African Saharan Belt in cooperation with the Rising Voices Project will carry on a giraffe campaign as part of a project familiar to, Identity : Web - control platform against freedom of expression in Africa from April 20 to May 22, 2020
Read more : Trinitarians Identifying them as newly established pilgrims in Africa
Like the continuation of the Writing to Freedom : Politics and religious rights in Africa, this five - week social network campaign to motivate society will incorporate a debate provided by @GVSS Africa involving reformers of five African languages who will announce the ratio of languages and religious rights.
This project has been sponsored by the African Bags of Geological Rights operated by the TEHAMA International Cooperative for East and South Africa ( CIPESA )
Global Voices is one of the beneficiaries of the charity.
The activists will call you in such valuelan languages as valuelan valley valley valley valley valley valley valley valley valley valley valley valley valley valley valley valley valley valley valley valley valley valley valley valley valley valley valley valley valley valley valley valley.
They will also be able to share their experience and personal understanding with the language’s attitude toward challenges threatening religious rights.
How this discussion will examine the threat of online neutrality as it affects the online content of the African language ; the distorted circulation of messages in African languages on the Internet and what is being done by companies or social organizations in connection with this ; the consequences of the inexpensive networking in areas with large African - language communities ; the importance and challenges of access to messages in African geographic languages.
The, will likewise raise the issue of corporate policy and the ongoing challenges that can affect how citizens can express themselves freely in their language.
Meet the conductors of the debate on the Twita Web site
This debate will be presented by Denver Toroxa Breda ( clandestination ) ( clandestination, clandestination, clandestination, clandestination ) ( clandestination, clandestination, clandestination ), clandestination, clandestination, clandestination, clandestination ( clandestination ), clandestination, clandestination, clandestination, clandestination ), clandestination, clandestination, clandestination, clandestination, clandestination ( clandestination ), clandestination, clandestination, clandestination, clandestination, clandestination ), clandestination, clandestination, clandestination, clandestination, clandestination, clandestination, clandestination, c
Some of these participants participated in the online campaign of @DigiBLicanLang to commemorate the International Year of Natural Languages.
April 20-24 : Denver Toroxa Breda @ToroxaD )
Denver Toroxa Breda.
The picture is used with permission.
Breda, is a writer who fights for the establishment of the Crooked tongue and who quotes, of the first two languages in South Africa.
The squirrel is spoken in Namibia, but in southern Africa, where, originate, only 2,000 people speak,, not the official language,, but no longer exist in school.
The Chinese language has only one dialect, not the official official language, andhuleni,, but the endangered language.
Kpénahi Traoré.
The picture has been used with permission.
April 27-): Kpénahi Traoré @kpenahiss )
Kpénahi Traoré was born in Côte d'Ivoire but originally in Burkina Faso.
He is the chief editor of RFI mandenkan,, aambara - language news chamber in Radio France Internationale ( Rfi). )
It has been a good experience for Traoré to work in the Cambara language.
Prior to that,, assumed that it would be impossible to make journals in the Cambara language
It was the mother tongue of Traoré, japokuwa who had theidioula language in Côte d'Ivoire and Burkina Faso.
The Mals call it Bambara, theaguenians call it Kimalinke,, and the others call it Mandingo.
May 5-8 : Blossom Ozurumba (@blossomozurumba )
Blossom Ozurumba.
The picture is used with permission.
Ourumba is also known as Asampete, a name that can be translated from the Negro language for the good one.
Ozurumba is enthralled by the languages and cultural heritage and is dedicated to making sure that a number of people are learning to speak, to write and to read.
The Ozurumba is the founder of a social network of users and may occasionally open up a discussion about the Wikimedia Foundation without pressure.
She lives in the city of Osi, Nigeria, and she loves the serenity and the feeling of the city’s gradual pace.
May 11 kamp kamp kamp kamp kamp kamp kamp kamp kamp kamp kamp kamp kamp kamp kamp kamp kamp kamp
Adéṣínà Ayẹni.
The photograph is used with permission
A journalist and cultural activist who uses his work as a reporter to promote the horoscope and hereditary distribution of the Korean heritage on the Internet and on the outside of the Internet is Adéṣínà Ayẹni,, also known as mbi mbi mbi mbi mbi mbi mbi mbi mbi mbi mbi mbi mbials.
Like a vocal artist, has prepared dozens of Korean broadcasts of Nigerian radio campaigns and TVCs.
He is the founder of the Yobamoodua Cultural Heritage, a platform dedicated to the spreading of the Korean language and culture.
Chrudel Yoòbá is also the language manager of the Global Voices Web site Yorùù.
He is a teacher of the Korean language at tribalingua.com, where he teaches students from far away on earth.
He has also worked with Localization Lab,, an international community of volunteer translators and cyber users, producers of, computer programs and mediators who work together to translate and translate ethical security devices and Internet locking or locking devices.
Chrudge Yoòbá has written a book entitled : chrudgeon : chrudgeon : chrudgeon : chrudgeon : chrudgeon : chrudgeon : chrudgeon : chrudgeon : chrudgeon : chrudgeon : chrudgeon : chrudgeon.
He is a member of research at Firebird Foundation for Anthropological Research.
May 1822 : Bonface Witaba @bswitaba )
Bonface Witaba.
The picture has been used with permission.
Witaba writer, naturalist and activist, trainer, researcher and counselor on the questions of cybercrime and policy.
He is the founder of ICANNuti, a dictionary with a conscience is developing, to translate 10,000 online articles and vocabulary into Swahili for 150 million Swahili speakers when it reaches 2020 million.
Similarly,, Witaba is conducting a youth project aimed at building the capabilities of scholar,,,, and individuals in private sectors and in government, through professional courses in online rulership.
Demonstrants pressuring the removal of former president Robert Mugabe ( now part ) from the circles in November 18, 2017
Photo by user of Flickr Zimbabwean-eyes ( Free to serve )
Early in the morning of November 15, 2017, Zimbabwe’s citizens woke up with the widespread news that the shantytown Robert Mugabe, had been assassinated in a federal revolution during, and had been puffed up with his family in his quarters, Ikulu,.
General Sibusiso Heartyo,, present - day secretary of state affairs, declared on the national councillor that the president was safe under government protection and that the situation is on another level.
Immediately following the announcement of General Heart,, citizens of Zimbabwe flocked with great excitement to social networks, Facebook, and Facebook, to get a new report on the situation.
For the first time, the new popularity of social networks enabled news and protests to take root among Zimbabwean citizens when protesters entered the streets and helped to pressure the removal of mugabe from the factory.
A new government headed by Emmerson Dambudzo M nderagwa quickly undermined the power of social networks.
Like the former prime minister of state security, Mapitagwa also recognized the importance and the opportunity to distort statements in Zimbabwe’s political fields.
In the month of March 2018, in recognition of time and in order to assume the political power placed before him and to ensure victory in the election of president and parliament in the following year, Manyaagwa ordered the unity of the youths of the ZANU PF ( Z Zimbabwe National Union-Patriotic Front ) to spill into social networks and the Web site and to defile and attack the opponents.
In Zimbabwe after Mugabe, this plan has reinforced a conflict of misinformation and misinformation, leaving only a handful of reliable sources of information and information about what is going on during the transition and demonstrations against the government.
When the new government insinuated itself to curse false information by statements circulated on social networks and which they viewed as a threat to government in the circles, it also deceived the public as to how it dealt with protests against the government.
Freedom of expression on the street
Zimbabwe has witnessed the explosion of use of the Internet on cell phones and social networks in the last few years.
The Internet epidemic rose 41 percent from 11 percent of the population to 52 percent between 2010 and 2018, when the number of mobile phones increased 43 percent from 58.8 percent to 102.7 percent during the same period.
This means that half the population is now connected to Internet, compared with only 11 percent in 2010
Nevertheless, misrepresentation and lying statements have encountered an atmosphere of conspiracy for several reasons : mass media division, government proposals to control social networks, faulty forms of formal communication and poor education among users of the Internet.
During the January 202 government protests when state security forces arrested and attacked hundreds of protesters the news of this suppression conflicted with the government’s claims that it was false news or where it completely denied its existence.
The government restricted access to Internet services to interfere with the flow of news and thus resulted in widespread disunity.
Government leaders and their supporters also used a method of misrepresenting the protests and infiltrating any ship’s statements with false information.
In Zimbabwe, citizens generally regard any statements made by government ministers as accurate.
For example, Prime Minister Energy Mutodi presented himself to persuade people that everything was going well and that videos and photographs of soldiers patrolling the streets were produced by a few artists.
Mutodi continued to mislead the nation there when he claimed on the national anthrop that there was no Internet suppression but traffic jams.
In another case suspected of misinformation supported by governments, millions of people were deprived of social media during the January demonstrations.
Others unloaded air - conditioning equipment to a company known as virtual Private Network ( VPN ) to keep on blessing,, yet a statement was made that unloading such items would lead to the arrest of, while causing increased fear and explosion.
In March 2019, when the Human Rights Organization (HRW ) published a report condemning the use of terrorist atrocities by governments to control January’s demonstrations by government followers used the Twita to pollute and assault theHRW.
One user sent a twit message that the organization was promoting outright falsehoods and called it an advanced colonial entity commissioned to pressure innocent countries to defend imperial goals in the United States.
Another referred to government claims and asserted that the chaos was the result of criminals who were trying to [ sic ] defraud the president.
And misrepresentations of government policies and other public events have continued to flourish after the January demonstrations.
Recently, members of the ZANU PF used the Twita Web site to mislead the public about the disappearance of MK.Peter Magombey,, president of the Zimbabwe Medical Association ( ZHDA )
He was kidnapped in September 14, 2019, following the announcement of a strike in the health sector.
ZANU PF’S secretary of youth affairs described Magombey as a foolish and legalistic figure.
An account bearing the name of ZANU PF Patriots said that his capture statements were false.
Others spread false claims that doctors killed many patients following the strike, including more than 500 in one hospital.
Zimbabwe’s historical dialect
The control of the press in Zimbabwe is rooted in 20th - century colonial policies that were forcibly tainted to appear before political powers.
The Rhodesian government led by Ian Smith engaged in propaganda and controlled information as its best weapon, not only in support of the government’s legitimacy but also in spreading misrepresentations of war.
The colonial government passed a large number of laws to suppress Smith’s expressions or to oppose Smith’s discriminatory policies and enforced these laws with cruelty toward liberation leaders.
News control was common before freedom in 1980, and this situation set the example of government in the matter of communication policies and the administration of the press for years to come.
As well - known South African journalist and author Heidi Holland, wrote in his, Dinner with Mugabe : The Untold Story of a Freedom Fighter Who Became a Tyrant :
Many people in the ZANU PF have lived in atrocities woven into their daily lives to the extent that it seems normal.
In Zimbabwe the, battle of the jungle, or the II battle of Chgunenga,, has never ended completely.
Today, ungulanoes are promoting this same heritage to suppress the voices of criminals through perverted broadcasting techniques and surfing of the net.
This article is part of a series of publications that examines interference by means of such tactics as cybercrime and misinformation during important political events in seven African countries : Algeria, Ethiopia, Mozambique, Nigeria, Tunisia, Uganda, and Zimbabwe.
This project is sponsored by the African Digital Rights Fund of The Collaboration on International ICT Policy for East and Southern Africa ( CIPESA). )
Demonstrants participating in the Women’s March of June 2018 in Kampala, Uganda.
The photograph and Katumba Badru, have been used with permission.
In Uganda the Internet has become a front door as the government tries to silence the growing voice of opposition on the Internet.
Over the years, Uganda’s authorities have used different tactics to suppress opposition and restore the National Resistance Movement and President Yoweri Museveni to sectarianism.
This is accompanied by preventing the media Web sites from filtering the text message ( SMS ) and turning off social media platforms.
As Uganda’s 2020 election approaches, government leaders are expected to promote such tactics.
Imprisonment during the 2016 election
During a major election the leaders of Uganda were forced to close all social platforms twice.
The first imprisonment was carried out in February 18, 1996 on the eve of the presidential elections, and it affected social platforms and telemarketing services.
This prevention lasted a total of four days.
In May 11, 2016 social network platforms, including Facebook, Facebook and Twita, and telemarketing services were closed once again.
This imprisonment lasted for a day and took place the day before President Museveni’s fifth term as president was printed.
Museveni has been in the circus since 1986.
Opposition to his leadership is reinforced : According to a poll issued in April 202, the majority of the Ganda are opposed to the 2017 decision to remove the 75 - year - old standard for candidates who could allow the 74 - year - old president to appeal again in 202 1.
During all incidents of imprisonment the government of Uganda noted that the reason was national security to control the network.
The disturbance was ordered by Uganda’s safety equipment and the Ugandan Commission for Communication (UCC), ) that supervises the, communications department, outline publications, and broadcasts ( all radio and runinga ), as well as the film’s billboards, postal services, mail and package distribution.
In February 18, 2016 MTN Uganda, a telephone and Internet service provider, issued a statement on the Twita confirming that the UCC, had ordered the MTN to close all social networks and telecommunications services because of public safety threats.
This order also affected other telephone companies, such as Airtel, Smile, Vodafone, and Africel.
On that same day, President Museveni told the press that he had ordered social networking : Measures must be taken for security to prevent many people from getting into trouble for a short time because some people use such means of lying, he said.
In March 17, in an official pronouncement during a Supreme Court decision in which the victory of President Museveni was challenged, the executive director of the UCC, Godfrey Mutabazi explained that he received orders from Central Police Inspector Kayihura, to close social networks and telegraph services for safe reasons.
This imprisonment encroached on the day - to - day rights and lives of the Ugandans who use the networks and social networks to get the information, to explain their views and to do their daily business.
During the weeks before the 2016 elections, the Ugandans volunteered to publish and negotiate the election with the insignia of the #U TOT TOTides and # UGDebate16.
The Ganda’s level of online participation was spurred on by the first president ever launched by the first, rainbow that took place in January and the second, a week later.
Despite the closing of social networks, the vast majority of Ugandans continued to send out elections to an appropriate personal address familiar to the services.
On election day citizens were able to share what they were employing about the delay of voting equipment in distant centers, cases of delusions in elections, and the temporary effects of social networking.
Human rights activists say that strategic incarceration during elections slows communication speedily only when news and civilian speech are most needed.
Closing the Internet prevents people from discussing certain matters affecting,, such as health, interaction with friends, and from exchanging political opinions, Moses Owiny,, chief officer of the Center for Multilateral Affairs, free policy criticism in Uganda and Tanzania, told Global Voices in an interview.
According to Owiny, imprisonment purposes to prevent political opposition on the grounds of government fears that citizens ’ views may incite to the public claims that he believes are unmistakably based but presumably supposed.
Uganda’s history of binding platforms and Web sites
In April 14, 2011 the UCC instructed Internet service providers (ISPs ) to limit access to Facebook and Facebook for 24 hours to eliminate connections and information exchanges.
This order was issued during a fierce walk to work march led by opposition to the rising prices of oil and food.
The telecommunications Authority said that security devices requested cutting off social networks to prevent disturbances.
During 2011 the election was encountered by the interlinear censorship, which included the Egypt, bullet and the people power.
Toward the supreme election of 2006 UCC instructed Internet service providers (ISPs ) to curb the availability of Radio Katwe’s wavelength by publishing malicious and false information against the National Resistance Movement and its presidential candidate, according to the 2015 Collaboration on International ICT Policy for East and Southern Africa (CIPESA 198 )
Uganda’s authorities blocked the radio station’s advertisements by the Daily Monitor audience by publishing free election results.
These platforms were quickly restored but only after the election commission announced the official outcome.
2025 Choice : The same strategy?
President Museveni in May 2013
He has been in the circus since 1986.
Photo : Foreign and Commonwealth Office on Flickr [CC BY 2,0].T since 1996 the regime has continued to arrest opposing politicians and journalists.
Robert Kyagulanyi, favored as Bobi Wine,, a singer and leader of the People Power, opposition party and a member of the parliament, has already announced her resolve to vote as president.
Bobi Wine is presently faced with criminal charges of offending the president and will not be allowed to prosecute if he is convicted of,.
According to Human Rights Watch, in 2018 the regime targeted six members of the opposition parliament, including Bobi Wine and Francis Zaake,, before a minority election of August 15 in Arua ( northern Uganda )
The police and the army arrested the group along with 28 others in August 13, 2018 and accused them of treason.
Later they were released on bail.
On that same day, the police also arrested two reporters, Herber Zziwa and Ronald Muwanga, as they on the elections and the confusion associated with the election, including the death of Bobi Wine’s driver by the army.
Read more : #FreeBobiWine : Protests mount over torture and arrest of a young political force in Uganda
As the 2020 election approaches, the Uganda regime is more likely to promote opposition, along with social networking.
Actually, there have been no changes in the legal system that allow governments to restrict the right to freedom of expression and access to the news.
According to 2016 State of Internet Freedom in Africa Report, The 2013 Code of Communication is giving the UCC greater power and operates under Article 5 that allows the communications controller to pursue, to authorize, and regulate the communications services and to set, standards to pursue, and to carry out data attention.
At the government’s request, the UCC used this section to instruct Internet service providers (IS Ps ) to curb access to social networks and financial services over the telephone during the 2016 election
The government continues to use these laws to regulate public debates and to silence political opposers, not necessarily during elections.
Owiny argues that a government has the power to turn off the net whenever it seems such a importance : Where the security of the government and that of its citizens interferes and where the security of the government is threatened and its healing will be given priority.
Non - governmental assaults and human rights advocates have been preparing themselves in Uganda so that such fasting as it did in 2016 will no longer take place.
Several couriers wrote a joint letter to the African Community and zone agencies asking to curse the Ugandan government’s decision to block access to the Internet during the 2016 elections
Unwanted Witness Uganda sentenced the government of Uganda to a court, along with the Internet service provider (IS sodi ) and communications controller (UCC)، ), in a case handed down in September 2016
The agency showed that government - organized Web cutting action violated Uganda’s citizens ’ right to freedom of speech and expression as expressed in the principles of Article 29 (1) of the 1995 Constitution
The judge, however, ruled that the prosecutor’s side failed to prove any violations resulting from the imprisonment, Unwanted Witness told Global Voices.
Successfully breaking down on Internet access, especially during future elections, will require further defense.
Owiny recommended the need for civil rights activists to intensify the discussions between governments and sectors to convey the adverse effects of imprisonment because the sector is being intimidated by the government.
Uganda was one of the first countries in Africa to legislate the right of citizens to receive public information, known as Access to Information Act ( ATIA), in 2005
The Law promises to provide greater prosperity than openness and commitment that will enable the public to gain greater access to and participate in decisions that affect them as citizens of a country.
Will the State fulfill its responsibility to increase the right to information?
And will it fulfill its promises?
This article is part of a series of publications that examines interference by means of such tactics as cybersex and media distortion during important political events in seven African countries : Algeria, e Etihiopia, Mozambique, Nigeria, Tunisia, Uganda and Zimbabwe.
This project is sponsored by the African Digital Rights Fund of The Collaboration on International ICT Policy for East and Southern Africa ( CIPESA). )
Students from the DCMA School practicing a variety of musical instruments at Old Customs, Town ura, Zanzibar,
Photo courtesy of DCMA.
Thousands of visitors to the Old Star, Zanzibar,, an ancient town acquainted with the immense history of the isthmus, follow the resonance of the DCMA, music school that is designed to advertise and care for coastal music that is known to have its origins on islands and other coastal areas of the Indian Ocean.
Since the year 2002 the school has been advertising and caring for this unique culture of Zanzibar that mixes the Indian and Roman cultures through music.
Seventeen years since the school’s founding,, is now evidently faced with a financial crisis threatening his imprisonment.
Nearly 70 percent of the 80 students who attend school there are unable to pay a, fees that amount to $ 13 a month, according to the DCMA’s official statement to the public.
Although the school has been receiving aid from international benefactors and friendly agencies,, is presently facing a huge demand that may force it to pack its belongings and leave the historic building in Zanzibar,, known as the Old Customs House.
Without getting quick funds to enable her to carry on, the students and teachers of DCMA are worried that the sounds that led up from the outskirts of the building and to the islands ’ artistic entertainment could cease.
Not only does it teach and proclaim natural culture and heritage through music, but it is also occupied by a large band of young musicians who are looking for alternatives to the arts of their life.
A DCMA student learning to play the indigenous instrument of taarab music.
Photo courtesy of DCMA.
We have begun to cope with the financial plight of,, says Alessia Lombardo,, DCMA,’s Active director in the official DCMA video.
From now until the next six months, we are not sure that we can afford to pay the salary to teachers and other employees.
Currently 19 professional teachers and a few other employees have been unpaid for more than six months because the school has been concerned about receiving help from friends at the same time trying to develop a continued income system for the school’s operation.
Though the islands are known to attract many tourists ’ advice to have beaches and luxurious hotels, many local people are suffering from severe unemployment even though statistics from the World Bank indicate that there is a slight decline in poverty on the islands.
FOR more than a year 17, DCMA has tirelessly worked to announce and protect Zanzibar’s great heritage through music.
If it was the place where he was born a centurion of Arab music and famous singers Siti Binti Saad and Fatuma Binti Baraka, or Mrs.
Kidude, Zanzibar is a residence of music that arose through a cultural mixture and the coexistence of the Coast Swahili for hundreds of years.
Today, students can learn natural music such as the taarab, ngoma and the tambourine simultaneously with other instruments such as the ngoda mahara and the sah, as the guards and translators of culture and culture.
Neema Surri, violinist at the school named DCMA, has been learning how to play it since he was 9 years old
I know of many youths who are eager to learn music but cannot afford to pay for little counsel for poverty and unemployment,, Surri said in the DCMA video.
DCMA students exercising at their school’s Old Customs,okuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuokuoku
Photo courtesy of DCMA.
After finishing the DCMA, courses of Astashahada and Stashahada, many DCMA students go to work on international platforms as prestigious bands and independent artists.
Aristocrat Amina Omar Juma,, a former DCMA student and current DCMA, teacher, recently returned from a visit to South Africa, accompanied by a group that earned credit for its reputation and the renowned Yake, band that joined the roots by mixing the sounds of a natural civilization with the sounds of a modern maharaja.
Also, in cooperation with his fellow bandits, who are former students of DCMA,, he released his first whistle, Fusing the Roots, that year and continued performing on the Sound of Busara, the biggest concert on the East Africa band that year.
Here you can listen to the band’s song Nielewe along with its video, showing the harmful effects of Zanzibar to describe the story of a woman coping with domestic exploitation and the dreams of a music life, such as Omar Juma’s personal life story :
Read more : East African Women at the Music Tasnia Singing Against Men’s Rulership
History of cultural interference and cooperation
More than 15,000 visitors have ever passed through the school building to enjoy a business exhibition of, seminars and classrooms as well as meetings with DCMA musicians who represent the culture and heritage of Zanzibar, according to DCMA.
With tastes of India, Urabuni and Africa’s history, the school is delighted to have the cultural achievement of, lands and cultures integrated into the region of the Indian Ocean and the Persian Gulf.
The sultan of Omani,, a prominent king of the 17th and 19th centuries, moved his reign from Muscat to Zanzibar in 18 1940
From Old Town, the rulers of Omani operated the trade in the oceans, along with the cloves, gold, clothing, based on wind - controlled ships between the banks of the Indian Ocean and East Africa.
Young people in Zanzibar recognize the importance of understanding their history to determine whether their accents and the music they produce today describe the desire to bridge between the past and the present.
DCMA students and their teachers recently introduced TaraJazz, to a combination of natural turban and modern jazz.
His musician, Felician Mussa, 20, has been learning to play violin for three and a half years ; TaraJazz is one of the most sought - after bands on the islands, trapped here by photographer Aline Cogun :
The WHO coast relates the story of a mixture of cultures and the DCMA promotes this culture through musical cooperation.
Each year, the school provides the Encounters, [ Swahili Encounters, ] project that meets well - known musicians from the Middle East, Europe and North America, and DCMA students for the purpose of producing a literal composition within a week’s session.
At the end of the conference, newly formed teams of assembled artists are required to advertise to the Sound of Busara, and these teams often live in lasting friendships that cross the borders of language and culture and thus prove that music is the language of the earth.
DCMA provides a business feast each week to show off the talents of her students and friends visiting the musicians, Zanzibar, 1969
Photo courtesy of DCMA.
The DCMA School recognizes that music is raising and unifying people regardless of their culture and is employing talented young people living in an economically poor society and a marked shortage of employment opportunities.
For the 1,800 students who passed the DCMA, course, this school is the only musical settlement they are familiar with, where they can learn and grow up like professional musicians and artists.
A visitor from Suspania, who recently visited the DCMA school, wrote on the internet : Personally, meeting with musicians was my best time on the islands.
While the tourism industry Zanzibar continues to grow rapidly, the DCMA school believes that music has an important place in celebrating the, to care for and advertise their heritage and history.
Zanzibar is more than a beach, and its luxurious hotels are part of an avalanche of the convention’s great history and historical combinations.
ED. : The writer of this article once volunteered at the DCMA school.
Sierra Leone : Health - care providers preparing to enter the Ebola field.
Flickr image by EC/ECHO/Cyprien Fabre, August 2, 2014
(CC BY Chrupaudaudaudaudaudauda )
Early on August 12, the World Health Organization ( WHO ) issued a positive statement of progress in the medical processes of experiments with various Ebola medicines in the Democratic Republic of Congo ( Republic of Congo )
WHO pointed out that the Ebola drugs tested have decoded positive results that will bring life prospects for Ebola, patients and continue to explain that two of the four drugs tested have dismissed them as highly effective in treating Ebola.
Who is involved in this Ebola treatment?
Professor Jean-Jacques Muyembe bertamfum, director - General of the Institut National de Recherche Biomédicale ( INRB ) DR of Congo, devoted much of his life to seeking treatment for the Ebola virus.
When international news media are broadcasting the epidemic of Ebola’s killer in Congo, news about this scientist is being spelled out by the media.
MuyembehezTamfum explained : that we will no longer say that Ebola’s syndrome ( EVD ) is incurable.
As a result of the prestigious work of Muyembe-Tamfum, scientists experimented with four drugs to treat Ebola : ZMapp, remdesivir, mAb114 and REGN vegEB3.
The answers to tests conducted on 499 research members showed that patients treated with REGN-EB3 or mAb114 showed greater recovery compared with those treated with two other drugs.
This research carried out under the oversight of the Institut National de Recherche Biomédicale ( INRB ) Congregation Health Ministry and three other health - care organizations : International Society for Health Affairs ( EXPERIENCE ) and Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF )
Congo’s citizen responsible for Ebola’s medical availability
MuyembehezTamfum has been conducting Ebola studies since the first cases in Congo when in 1976 he was the first researcher to visit the area where Ebola’s disease was first. I spent four decades of my life seeking a cure for Ebola’s illness. As a result, I was able to find a successful cure for Ebola’s illness.
The director - general of the Institut National de Recherche Biomedovia of the Democratic Republic of #Congo and his colleagues have discovered a new treatment for Ebola’s syndrome that can cure symptoms in just three hours.
A professor of microbaology at the Kinshasa 2014 Medical University in the Democratic Republic of Congo, until now he has spent an estimated 40 years looking for a cure for this disease.
In 1995, he worked with WHO for the implementation of the he worked with WHO in implementing program to recognize the methods of coping with the disease immediately after the first on Ebola patients in the province of the Democratic Republic of Congo.
Professor MuyembehezTamfum ( sitting with a loudspeaker ) speaking during a social education exercise in Beni, Kivu of the North, Democratic Republic of Congo, early September 2018
Photo courtesy of MONUSCO BERAqueel Khan (CC BYalaisSA 2.0 )
Following this discovery, the victims of Ebola presently have much opportunity to hope for immediate medical attention and thus to be hospitalized for further treatment while they are still alive.
As many as 90 percent of the patients will be able to be transferred to health centers and receive treatment and return to their full - grown adulthood, they begin to believe in this drug and to build faith for their communities and citizens in general.
Jean-Jacque Muyembe-Tamfum
The reasons for the treatment of Ebola’s disease given seriousness
The first Ebola patients are in 1976 near the river Ebola in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
According to the Centers for Disease Prevention and Prevention (CDC)، since then, the Ebola virus has been emerging from a natural source from time to time and has been conveying the disease to people in Africa.
Events of the Ebola epidemic since 1976.
A map from the Center for the Combating of Magojwal
Between 2014 and 2016, there were more than 28,600 cases of Ebola infection in West Africa.
According to the 2015 WHO report :
In 2014, Senegal had one case of Ebola infection and no death was.
WHO declared it Nigeria’s step toward the Ebola virus as part of the major task of coping with a rapidly spreading epidemic.
In January 2015, Mali 8 Ebola patients and 6 deaths
The fare, however, was severe between March and June 1996 in three countries : In Sierra Leone : More than 14,000 people suffered from Ebola and 4,000 deaths ; Liberia : an estimated 10,000 suffered from Ebola and 3,000 lost lives. Guinea : 3,800 sick and 2,500 deaths
A general outline of Ebola International
The devastating Ebola epidemic in African countries caused alarm in 2015 when two Ebola patients were to have disappeared in the United States, one in Spain and the other in Germany.
GabyFleur Böl,, a researcher at the Berlin, Germany, Institute of Accidents Testimony, other statements of Ebola patients in England, Italy, Germany, Spain, and Switzerland.
In the meantime, Ebola’s infections were taken as a death sentence for lack of complicated treatment.
Sometimes misrepresentations about Ebola contributed to a global phenomenon, not to mention the high - speed death rate of Ebola’s disease.
Declarations like these were also influenced by 2017 by a study by Hal Roberts, Brittany Seymour, Sands Alden Fish II, Emily Robinson and Ethan Zuckerman criticizing More than 109,000 articles published in the major media and blogu in the United States between July and November 2014 as the source of the criticism on Ebola’s psychology.
In the United States, three major news stories about Ebola’s disease appeared on July 27, September 28, and on October 15 2014 :
On July 27, was first that U.S. doctors in Liberia were infected with Ebola’s disease.
On September, the news media broadcast Thomas Duncan’s developing Ebola in Texas and for the first time in the United States.
In the United States, on October 12, the statements of Ebola’s health - care provider were widely circulated.
After the 12th of October, another eruption of the Ebola epidemic was repeatedly that led to the fading of its report from day to day.
The news media in the United States are more likely to report on Ebola because of the incidence of the disease in that country.
Not to be overlooked is the ease with which the Ebola epidemic has appeared on European and U.S. media.
The wait, however, is to see if the newly discovered medication for Ebola from the Democratic Republic of Congo to cure this African disease will be made available to the media as it was in 2017
Erick Kabendera conducting a class on the press in 2012, in the year 2012, in the year 2012, in the year 2012, in the summer of 2012, in the summer of 2012, in the summer of 2012, in the summer of 2012, in the summer of 2012, in the summer of 2012.
The photograph and Pernille Baerendtsen, have been used with permission
On July 29, 6 soldiers forcibly seized Erick Kabendera at his home in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania and placed him in tents.
Police say Kabendera has defended an order to surrender herself for the sake of being examined as to whether she is a tanzanian citizen.
During the entire past week the police searched the house of the burial house twice and confiscated his papers and interrogated his family.
By August 5, the authorities reversed the point, and Kabandera was charged with bankruptcy on $ 75,000, ( U.S. ) tax evasion as well as criminal connections.
Police say Kabendera has committed these mistakes over a period of four years now since the year 2015
On charges facing Kabendera, he may suffer a sentence of up to 15 years in jail and be exempt from bail.
blogu of Tanzania
They have first captured a writer, when they saw that noise has become abundant and claimed that it is no twinkling, and that it is missing and is now accused of criminal net error and escape from paying taxes.
Meeting Erick Kabendera, His mistake is to be a journalist.
The freedom of the press has deteriorated significantly during this period of Tanzaniaaya PD, reports CPJ.
A representative of the Journalists ’ Defense Institute ( CPJ ) in sub - Saharan Sahara, Muthoka Mumo says :
It seems that over the past week the authorities have been searching for ways to establish the reasons for the detention of this secretary and the perpetrator.
At first they claimed that Erick Kabendera’s citizenship is incalculable today have added an entirely different, charges that cause us to wonder why they intend to hold him.
Whether journalist Kabendera has been criticizing the reign of President John Magufuli and has often been taking the lead in the cause of freedom of the news.
He has in such international and domestic media as The Guardian, African Arguments and The East African on the politics of Tanzania and the way people are distributed.
JJebra Kambole,, an attorney for the Kabendera, says, malamka, also accused Kabendera of seditious opinions against the government by means of an article published in The Economist,, a newspaper headline that says he is suppressing freedom of news in Tanzania. These charges were subsequently removed.
The news that soon reached me : journalist Erick Kabendera’s suspicion of seditious opinions against the government from an article published in The Economist, that says Mauricio suppresses Tanzania’s freedom comments from Zebra Cambole say that Mr. Kabendera has been denied bail.
Civilization has been made a means of silence
The kabendera family says this, is not the first time the government asks about the citizenship of the kabendera.
The government also filed shameful charges in 2013, but the case was canceled after this, according to The Citizen.
Kabendera at the same time saw that the authorities wanted to use the question of his citizenship as a means of silencing him.
Last year, too, The Citizen a number of cases in which the government used the questioning instrument to silence the crime in Tanzania.
Aidan Eyakuze,, executive director of the Twaweza, civilian assault that bounced in the voices of citizens, said the authorities have confused his travel document and prohibited travel while his citizenship investigation continued.
Two weeks before the event, we could make a report of the results of a research called Telling the truth to responsible ones
Citizens ’ View of Tanzania’s Politics
Science and Technology Commission ( Costech ) claimed that the research was unacceptable and threatened to take legal action but was later canceled, according to the article in The Citizen magazine.
In recent years Tanzania has brought about numerous reforms of laws aimed at the wablogues and the media, civilian institutions — art and cultural institutions — as well as academics and researchers — that are being adopted as an attempt to regulate what is heard from Tanzania and to stifle expressions and political rights.
Read more : Tanzania’s Blogues — Will They Be Satisfied to Pay or Borrow Blood Taxes?
#FreeErickKabendera
Hundreds of journalists, human rights activists, influenced leaders and citizens are crowded on social networks at the abandonment of Kabendera :
AFEX Africa calls such charges explicit purposes for use of force
It is nine days now and still the police in Tanzania are holding in custody the inspected writer Erick Kabendera says there is a need for an end to this explicit force action.
www www www www. www. berth.co IPZZZzwV @MRA_Nigeria @FXisouthiland @gmpressunion #FreeErickKabendera #No IMpunity
AFEX @AF 1977 ) August 6, 2020
Kabendera,, who has often taught and motivated young, writers, has caused her former student to send this message from the twit line :
I met Erick Kabendera only once in my life,, and in less than 80 minutes
He came as an instructor invited to teach us ( a school for journalism and public communication )
But along with being with us for a short time,,, I learned much from him.
It really motivated me a lot
#100K4Erick
Another Web user thinks Kabendera’s arrest and criticism are a warning sign for other citizens :
COMMON TO THINK ABOUT IT’S THINK ABOUT THINK ABOUT THINK ABOUT THINK ABOUT THINK ABOUT THINK ABOUT THINK ABOUT Erick’s Tanzania.
Justice Unless It Happened to Him Today and I Stopped tomorrow May Not Happen Likewise to Me.
No One Is Safe When Unrighteousness Rules
I ( all ) and I ( Ivan Golunov ).
Flag placed by Meduza, and used with permission
: The Russian - language explanation means a boiling point when it reaches enough to be enough to a good way is to communicate the increase in the number of Russians touched by the arrest of the famous author Ivan Golunov.
He was arrested on June 6 in Moscow for what appears to be alleged involvement with the possession of drugs.
Golunov was arrested and refused to see a lawyer for a violation of Russian law.
Her lawyer confirmed her acute pain in the abyss.
After being taken to the hospital, he was allowed and put in a special creature on June 8.
The Russian Soldiers initially showed pictures of a drug laboratory that were believed to have been beaten at the Golunov floor but were later removed.
A modern - day Russian news service that is known to have provided proof that the photographs were not taken on the Golunov Gossip.
The charges against Golunov could send him from 10 to 20 years in prison.
The 36 - year - old Golunov is working on one of the Meduza, networks of a few independent societies that use the Russian language remaining in Russia.
The Meduza was registered in neighboring Latvia, but it has few offices and journalists in Russia.
Golunov has led in publishing a study of several incidents of bribery involving top leaders.
Since Golunov’s arrest, the Meduza has been releasing Golunov’s articles under the creative commons license and has motivated the mass media and individuals to re - publish the same information, which has been strongly supported by the Global Voices.
Among the important subjects he published were how vice - mayor Pyotr Biryukov passed on projects for his family and how the goal of making moscow a fascinating town had a more than - estimated budget.
The subject he was dealing with before he was arrested was about the imminence of the funeral services in Moscow.
The arrest of Golunov has prompted confederations that were rare among reporters, activists and lawyers and even celebrities and celebrities outside Mscow and St. Petersburg.
On June 10 the three main newspapers agreed to publish editions supporting Golunov in the front pages.
Newspapers were sold and new records were kept.
In unusual circumstances the most widely viewed propaganda and Channel One, media are calling for a fair investigation.
The date 12 June will be Russia’s day, when public demonstrations and demonstrations authorized by local governments will take place.
Russian law calls for public demonstrations.
Golunov’s supporters have announced that they will have their own walks without official permission.
The Kremlin overseers say the Russian government is watching to remove accusations against the reporter before June 20.
On the day that President Vladimir Trump, whose standards have dropped in history in,, will be speaking directly to the telephone during a yearly public speaking session when he receives questions from citizens by telephone and social media.
Kkenya writer Binyavanga Waina at the Book Fair in Brooklyn, in 2009
The 48, - year - old Waina blessed Nairobi, Kenya on Tuesday, May 22.
Photos by Nightscream, CC 3.0 and cookies cookies cookies.
Only 24 hours after Binyavanga the Kenyan writer Waina has disappeared from this, world but its influence continues to plunge around the globe.
Sure enough, the homosexual writer blamed the agreement and challenged the government’s aggression with revolutionary inscriptions that would open the door to thousands of writers desiring to change in writing and explaining what Africa is like.
A 48, - year - old teacher, writer, and activist for LGBTQ, Binyavanga Waina blessed his brief illness on Tuesday, 22, Mei, Nairobi, Kenya,.
Today I have considered : What will your life mean when it departs?
Binyavanga’s death has made me reflect on what I was five or many years ago and what it was like for us like a young man who doubts about affection and hunger for changes on our land and for us.
Fungus Machirori @fungaijustbeing ) May 22, 2017
In a few minutes, Anaino friends, supporters, and fans flooded into social networks exchanging memories and appreciation and discussing many of his most captivating scriptures
The Inina is well - known for its aggressive articles, How to write about Africa,, published in 2006
, is also known for his 2012 Yearbook diary I’m going to write about it one day and Mother, I’m a basha,, published simultaneously with Africa, a country published in 2014
The article was very enthusiastic online because people tried to reveal the truth and in the newspaper called the Incas one of the world’s 100 great seductors
In the Namah article on Africa, the Waina called the western press and all the industrial aid that exists in Nairobi to promote unhealthy prejudice against the continent of Africa with much ridicule and sarcasm.
Don’t try to put a picture of a good African on a book cover or inside it unless that African has won Nobel prize.
AK-47, good beaks, open breasts : use this.
If you have to pack an African, make sure you get him from Masai or Zulu or Dogon.
His plow was a slightly sharp knife,, writes Nigerian writer Nwachgun Egbunike.
His well - quoted article or book by the ministers of nongovernmental organizations and relief workers has had a profound effect on Africa and the results continue to circulate surprisingly and angrily.
Concerning its results, researcher Pernille Bärendtsen writes :
To me the article has followed me ever since I received it as a gift in 2008 by my Kkenya friend.
I am one of the people addressed by Binyavanga : A development worker employed in Tanzania by a Danish government agency wrote about the results of the article.
That was when advances and industrial aid increased its prosperity to get the price change that was emerging.
I had many reasons to feel embarrassed, but I also had time to plan what to change.
Later Binyavanga explained in the journal Bidoun how this article appeared only in two ways of life and effect : By exposing and explaining the danger of liwIO writers employees of nongovernmental organizations, responsible banks, students and traveling writers who are reading the directions of how or even how not to write about Africa, begins to ask for his consent.
Waina was the son of akenya father and a strange mother, who continued to interview the fraud described about Africa by means of a 2012 memorial journal that was known if I would one day write about this place.
Comprehensive statements appealed to readers from her childhood in the 1970 ’ s in Kenya and during her years as a student in South Africa during which she spent many years in exile.
The criticism praised the book as real and truthful but later acknowledged that she had forgotten the vital chapters of her life’s love.
Mother, I am an Indonesian homosexual was the first high - ranking tailor and to be outspoken by pronouncing, on social networks and arousing a lot of opinion from society.
It seemed to be a lost chapter in the memory of his life.
The Ininas saw him say that he was a homosexual to his mother about to die.
His article arrived just in time if a campaign against a large summit against homosexuality and anti - homosexual laws had been proposed in Uganda and subsequent Tanzania where homosexual acts are criminal.
Read further : Tanzania’s position on homosexuality to turn off the political agenda
Unlike other exiled writers, the, Waina returned home, as Nanjala Nyabola describes it to the BBC via Facebook, :
To those of us who grew up with the famous enzyme writers living in exile, who were imprisoned poorly, poorly, or poorly commended or severely rejected,, he returned home and that was very important.
He was an incomprehensible man but for this he is always worthy of thanks.
We are required to express our thoughts
When Binyavanga truly became popular with various international parishes at home, he criticized and encountered pressure of inadequacy on established grounds.
Binyavanga demanded freedom of speech and thought.
Courageously in a society enabled by LGBTQ protested over the foundations
In answer to noise and other responses, the Ininas wrote that year Tunah was required to speak our thoughts, on the Yuotube as a six - part message carrying his thoughts about freedom and thought.
I need to live a life of freedom of thought, described in the first part.
I appeal to this generation of young parents to have young people see that this simple act is an important political act that everyone should have.
I have an oasis on seeing a land where every sort of person’s thinking is unwanted until it is allowed.
I am an African of all, need to see this land change.
The Ininas often transmitted his enthusiasm for the change through his writings, education and leadership.
The year 2002 after winning Caine’s excellent prize for his home - discovering article,, used the prize money to work together to establish Kwaniani?
A magazine with the goal of promoting new voices and ideas that are emerging across the continent.
Why?
went on for a while in printing and on - line connecting writers from Lagos to Nairobi, Mogadishu to Accra.
Read more : We are working to prevent eruptions : A Word to be discussed in East Africa
When she mercilessly shaken social contracts in Kenya when she publicly presented herself as a homosexual and later exposed herself to the AIDS virus on earth in 2016 was often painful enough to compete with it often came with backlash, struggle and pione.
The Ininas were a sophisticated man who struggled under pressure and often fought a hard fight from being a prominent homosexual figure seemed to be his sophisticated role in society like a man of men.
He had fans but encountered criticism from renowned writer Shailja Patel,, who accused the Ininas of being poisoned with homosexual hatred.
Interestingly, an Indian user in his message is describing the weaknesses in the Indian behavior :
I am not strong enough but cry out to Binya like a dear friend in my strange and defense.
I am so sorry that he hurt others.
I regret that he made a mistake as a human.
He would hate us if we cleaned him up.
Writer Bwesigye Mwsigire,, director of the Writivism Festival in Uganda, also explained this linkage through Facebook :
her life - style was a problem.
Good and leave mistakes.
The people we hold on because of their work and thinking are just people.
It is human.
We are willing to love them in their challenges Are we ever ready to love them in their complexity?
At present much has been discussed about him.
there is no need to repeat what was said.
People have reminded him of his pain.
This relieves the pain the person hears of his death.
There is only one Ninevanga.
It is a construction worker for now.
Let us celebrate his life.
The forehead of curiosity
Kenyan activist Boniface Mwangi sends a message via Facebook after sending a message of praise to the Incas through Facebook ; hatred and homosexual views followed.
The Ininas were a genius of curiosity that should be remembered :
I sent a brief message via Facebook about the death of Binyavanga, #RIPBinyavanga was pessimistic and very shameful I have never read.
Even thieves who rob us of taxes and kill people do not experience such intense hatred.
The truth is,, Binya was intelligent and curious and will continue to be read and remembered
Mother’s advocate and author Rosebell Kagumire condemned what he learned from the Inuit fanaticism :
Do not allow fear.
Do not exercise self - control.
Regard what is needed to be said.
Take note.
Live your truth and with your heart.
Where you breathe your last breath will be the millions of meaningful words you gave to Binyavanga
Through his life and writings he devoted himself and made permission to see another life, and his sudden death symbolizes the poetry Through his life and letters, he gave and countless others the permission to imagine life as it could be otherwise, and his sudden passing inspired poetic musings :
One day I’ll write about your beautiful hair
One day I’ll write about your laughter
One day I will write about your disapproval
One day I will write about your thinking faculties
One day I will write about your refusal
Today I am writing thanks
Kkenya Yvonne Adhiambo Owuor, journalist and writer for Dust, and indeed a friend of the Inuit,, accomplishes it with final lamentations :
Who told you to leave?
get out of your body at night without leaving a new alignment
The face is tilted, the eyes are burning, he said, You have only 3 seconds to fix the whiskers there.
Who told you to leave?
Get out of your body without leaving the new alignment?
To whom can one go in fear and tremble as a trial note?
Now he is among the famous, you can join the planet Binya with a great memory of its work.
The front page of the newspaper de Angola about a winning Telstar psalm.
by Dércio Tsandzana, on April 19, 2020
On April 18 the president of Angola João Lourenço followed a government design for a cell - phone operator in that country, saying that the winner of the psalm Telstar did not give the necessary patterns to provide the service.
The decisions of the President can cause division in Angola’s government.
The Telstar company was founded in January 2018 with its first citizen, 200,000 ( $ 200,000, U.S. ), and its principal brothers, Manuel João Carneiro ( 90 % ) and businessman António Cardoso Mateus ( 10 %, this statement is from the Portuguese magazine Observador.
Manuel João Carneiro’s victory was announced by the late President Eduardo dos Santos.
Observador stated that 27 companies participated in the process of requesting grapefruit were opened by the Ministry of communication and information technology under José Carvalho da Rocha.
From the Angolan newspaper on April 25, João Lourenço outlined procedures that established new rules for opening the invitation to the psalm.
After the results of the first psalm were publicly exposed, many Angolans questioned the righteousness of the procession.
Others went away saying that the winner Telstar never had a site.
This was said by Skit Van Darken,, editor and program director via Facebook :
Telstar Telecommunications, Ltd, was founded on January 26th, 1996, with First 200,000 citizen from the Diário da República, newspaper of the general Manuel João Carneiro ( 90 % ) and António Cardoso Mateus ( 10 % )
The keyholder is connected with the Mundo Startel, company with a debtory company that is registered with INACOM,, a communications controller who has a license although it is inexorable.
a company that does not even have a Web site!
I NEVER SIGHT THAT THERE WAS OTHER RELIGIONS
THE LAND IS AiUB
in the meantime Joaquim Lunda,, a journalist and social commentator from time to time, praised President’s action and I even achieved that the prime minister ran out of the danger of being expelled by defeat here :
Translation I am grateful and commendable to the decisions taken by the President of the Republic, João Lourenço, to cancel a government psalm that the Angolan Telstar company won a telecommunications operator license in Angola for the fourth telecommunications operator in Angola.
there were many people dissatisfied with the many important obstacles to establishing whatathere were many reservations and a lot of points to clarify around the issue.
One does not see the title of the company that was created in 2018 and the first 200,000,000 titles awarded the prize of grapefruit.
I am absolutely sure that the days of the ministers of communication and information technology are counting.
Having given in to ANGOSAT 1, now and to what we witness today, I am as worried as Fear would do anything.
Enjoy the game quietly!
The President’s decision came after the prime minister who took the lead in 2017 when the Angosat 1, satellite project is again in trouble.
Adriano Sapiñala, deputy of the major opposition party feels the problem is grieving a sect in government :
JLoão Lourenço ] should organize his team well because yesterday the secretary of the trustee said that the time for complaint was over and therefore Telstar would proceed to the next step as a result of his victory in fraudulent psalms and today JLo is emerging and removing the psalm!
Is communication not good?
Now the minister may have to put a stand for ( self - visits ) or JLo should expel him because if he has wiped out the grape it is because his processing was not good and in order not to affect anyone clean, people must be responsible!
Blanka Nagy speaking in the January 202 demonstration
Portrait by Márk Tremmel, CC BY magnadias 2.5.
This information was written by Tamás B. Kovács and translated by Anita Kőműves for the Hungarian nonprofit journal, Atlatszo.
This edited copy is available here as a review of his collaboration with the Global Voices.
The media supporting the Hungarian government have launched a new attack on Blanka Nagy,, a high - school student who spoke against the government in a number of demonstrations since the end of the year.
Nagy has endured many criticisms against her and has also been sexually degraded by one source of information calling her a prostitute.
Already he has opened a trial of subversion and triumphs in favor of the government’s three instruments localized localized as a failure at school.
However, after Nady won the trial against Origo, the source attacked him again by publishing his school report.
Nady told Atlaszo that he had in mind prosecuting Origo again because of their intimate information.
Blanka Nagy has become famous in Hungary last winter after giving a speech in protests against the government, where she criticized politically prominent, in harsh language.
His harsh words were transmitted by social network users through the video of his talk.
Two months after his video had appealed to social networks, Zsolt Bayer’s government supporters and Nazis launched a series of attacks against him.
The instruments said that he had failed most of his studies and that he had missed many days of his studies.
They also called him a nobleman who wanted to be popular with a prostitute.
His lawyer handed a copy of his findings to court and indicated that he was not defiling in his studies as well as copies of the findings were given to Origo’s lawyers.
The source decided to publish a statement from the matokeo report of Nagy and say that he was about to decline history lesson during the past decade and is also present in a document to decline other lessons as well.
When #VyomboVinungamkonoserikaliHungary lies about little protesting daughter Blanka Nagy, has accused her of defamation and defeat.
They have been asked to apologize and correct their statement but have refused and have continued to demean him.
The TV2 censorship station set aside the whole news report to dishonor the results, citing copies sent to the court but did not say what sort of judgment it was like?
Joost @almodozo ) April 5, 2020
My Lawyer and I are contemplating prosecuting a source of information that published a copy of my results from school, Nagy told Atlaszo in an interview.
He said that Origo had no right to publish his findings.
He and his attorneys suspect that Origo had no right even to see the consequences when they represented them in court.
And their recent accusations are also false, said, Nady.
My experience in Historia, is different from what they said.
I have a good effect my marks are more than 2 ( number equal to the C )
What they say is a lie.
I would be embarrassed if it were true because in my family there was a history teacher among my grandfathers, concluded.
I think all this insult against me is something very strange but I don’t panic anymore.
It shows how I am somewhat intimidating some of the supreme authorities of the League of Legends.
The fact is that Zsolt Bayer’s own actions assault me and the media that support the government’s dissemination of false statements against me confirm the, added.
Blanka Nagy, a high - school student : Fidesz pours out a bad container, and it is a disaster.
This wicked band of robbers, this government of a few, who are filling their pockets for their old age when you are suffering for Poverty as retirees.
He was right.
THIS is Hungary.
Praisers and lying statements are the only weapons of the Hungarian government.
Some opposing authorities have responded by defamatoryly accusing the media.
According to recent statistics compiled by Atlatszo, the main sources of propaganda have failed many, cases and were ordered by the court to correct statements 109 times a year.
They cannot put their thoughts on our heads, so they shoot us in #SOSNicaragua So reads a marching sign for political prisoners in Managua.
ENGLISH August
Photo by : Jorge Mejía Peralta (CC BY 2.0 )
Since the great protests against President Daniel Ortega erupted in Nicaragua in April 1996 the government has banned protests and has arrested thousands without prosecution and tied together main sources and news debates.
Attempts to negotiate have presently followed Nicaragua’s defeat as a challenge.
Demonstrations began in opposition to changes in the policy of social sackage that would raise the incurable income tax when reducing the back lift.
The procession was initially carried out by the authorities that opened the door of a nationwide procession demanding the resignation of President Daniel Ortega,’s wife and President Rosario Murillo’s deputy.
The death statistics resulting from the protests are at odds and have not been revived since last year because restrictions on the storage of statements and memories have increased.
In December 2018 the government closed some of the NGOs that were practically pursuing police chaos and human rights violations with the Nicaraguan Center for Human Rights ( Cenidhetti and the Institute for Democracy Development )
Also in December two groups of the Commission on Human Rights in America (IACHR ) Special Planning for Nicaragua’s Pursuit ( MESSENI ) and the Freedoms Group They were banished from the country and left Nicaragua without a free instrument to administer Human Rights and opened a new step of persecution according to Women’s Rights and Educator María Teresa blión.
Read more : We are Indians who help victims : Copy human rights violations in Nicaragua
The minimum number of government - recognized victims in August 2018 has increased to 197.
However, the Human Rights Organization, has blessed the existence of 322 deaths until it arrived in September 18 2018, when most of the deaths were by being shot in the neck, neck, and chest.
Clownsman Ana Siú wrote recently in Medium about his experience in the April 2018 demonstrations :
I spotted a college friend being attacked by a gang through Facebook the Commercial.
I heard him scream and struggle to avoid injury [ ] Finally, the man who attacked him on a motorcycle left him but took his phone.
He did not know that he still appeared to be a businessman.
Then he said,, let’s leave!
We are required to pick up these calls for checkups.
The event lasted 20 minutes
He also illuminated the May 30, procession that was a historic procession called on the date Nicaragua celebrates Mother’s day when 15 people were killed.
On that day we changed our attitudes toward the demonstrations.
Some of us who were on the march saw how they were killing young people.
It is the first time that police attack such massive demonstrations as with firearms.
I have never been so close to death.
When students barred one another at universities in the capital of Managua, rural workers blocked roads in the countryside.
In June the Masai declared the Eastern city a free power from dictatorship.
The government attacked protesters who formed defensive barricades and responded to police attacks.
Demonstrants became increasingly involved in disturbances and conflicts and by August 2018 had resulted in the death of 22 police officers and this according to government statistics..
In the middle of May the police launched what they called operación limpieza ( Cleaning operations ) to destroy the restrictions and to accuse the suspected victims of their involvement.
Reports say that security devices did so in conjunction with opposing groups.
Many of the student leaders of the agricultural movement who fought for justice and the journalists were targeted in this dangerous campaign and many of them have been prosecuted.
And some health - care workers who cared for the victims during demonstrations have been disturbed by what they did.
The Nicaraguan Association of Physicians has said that at least 240 doctors were expelled from public hospitals as a means of eliminating them.
Read more : Nicaraguan protesters and journalists face vicious attacks on the streets and on the Internet.
In September protests were legalized anymore, and any present street activity requires special approval from, authorities, where such approvals are often rejected
There in February 27, 202 a dialogue table was referred between the government and the opposition party, commenced with the Justicia por la Democracia ( Union of Rights and Democracies for Citizens ) followed by the release of hundreds of people from prison.
Compared with a discussion of the past, this setting did not crowd out leaders of the agricultural movement and the pupils because some of them are imprisoned, and others are in exile.
Not only a new President but a new beginning
With this country crisis entering the second year, Nicaraguan inhabitants and tomorrow’s anxieties are now carried by the hashtagi #SOSNicaragua,, which is presented daily along with claims of victims and cries of prison students and their families.
Read more : Nicaraguan Diaspora activists carry two loads
A Nicaraguan source,, Niú, interviewed protesters who conducted the February march in neighboring areas and Costa Rica and explained the challenges of life in exile.
The student Alejandro Donaire, said that he had fled the country after taking part in a peaceful demonstration, telling Niú how hard it is to feel a part of society and a normal life after spending a long time in hiding, running and marching.
Madelaine Caracas, spokeswoman for a group of students known as the Student Cooperation for Democracy, also associated Niú with her thirst for Nicaragua’s changes that would be more than Ortega’s to leave :
[ We want ] to eliminate dictatorship, sexual oppression, selfishness and other weaknesses that have infiltrated the country’s political culture.
We strongly believe that Ortega will leave this year and that I will return to Nicaragua this year.
And I am confident because Ortega is not presently heard in the international and economic sky as well as because all those who participate in the April demonstrations are now fully prepared.
This final council of discussions between the State and opposition came to an end on April 3, with an agreement on two of the four subjects discussed.
First the government has promised that, will free all political prisoners and second that it will respect civil freedom.
There was no agreement on the rights of victims of elective disturbances or engineering for 2021. elections
The opposition group of the Civil Union said that,, however, the government has been utterly unable to respect the agreement.
It has continued to be that the police have continued to disrupt peace demonstrations.
As in April 6, only 50 out of 600 political prisoners were released, and placed in detention in their homes.
Later on April 17, following a new threat of detention by the United States, more than 600 prisoners were released and went to end their sentences in domestic restrictions, yet according to the Civil Union only 18 members of the group were on the list of political prisoners who had the prospect of freedom.
In the thinking of such people as Reformer and researcher Felix Madariaga, the new leader of Nicaragua’s Tomorrow remains in prison today.
Meanwhile, opposition groups have called for protests to commemorate the events of April 2018
With a prohibition from the authorities and a resolution of approval against the protests, it is also expected that there will be a new bullying from the police.