Official photo of President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, President Muhammadu Buhari posted by Bayo Omoboriowo via Wikimedia Commons, May 29, 2015, (CC BY-SA 4.0).
The Nigerian government announced on Friday that it will close the Twitter network in the country, a few days after the network deleted a dangerous tweet written by Nigerian President Muhammadu Buhari saying that the government will use force against the Igbo tribe.
With the removal of the tweet, the message appeared on social media, a state that reminded the pain of self-war that lost the lives of more than a million people.
But that tweet triggered the movement on social networks to stand with the Igbo tribe Germans.
In a series of tweets published on June 1, 2021, Buhari ends with addressing Germans from the eastern part of the country using the language they understand, returning to a self-war in Nigeria between 1967-1970 against the independence of the Republic of Biafra, south-eastern Nigeria.
The tweet was written after a series of attacks against the government and security agencies in the area, which is alleged to have a military group associated with the Biafra Residents (IPOB), a group of people seeking a part of Biafra will be killed.
The group denied involvement in the attack, according to the American Voice.
Many of those who showed the misconduct today were little to understand the damage and durability of people’s lives that occurred during the Battle of Homes for Homes in Nigeria, said Buhari’s tweet that is now suspended:
Photo of the threat of the President of Nigeria Buhari
The tweets responded to the allegations issued by Buhari seemed obviously angry in the country’s capital, Abuja, on the direction of the attacks against electoral officials.
I think we have given a sufficient platform.
They said they wanted, but now they want to destroy the country, he said, seeming to talk about those people who want to build themselves:
Bukhari spoke to his mouth
Buhari, the left-wing general, was a protestant during the Indigenous War in Nigeria.
Such a bad war led to the deaths of more than a million Igbo tribes and other residents of the East, according to Chima J. Korieh, a professor of African History at the University of Marquette in the United States.
For many Germans, the independence war for the province of Biafra, in general, is seen as a bad event of settlement, but for the people of Igbo who fought for independence, it remains a turmoil that changed the meaning of their lives, says Nigerian writer Adaobi Tricia Nwaubani.
(Dondoo: A writer from the Igbo tribe.)
Twitter’s policy on fraudulent behaviors prevents tweets that preach harassment and disturbance people by color, tribe, the nature of a person’s survival.
Such tweets, such as Buhari, are removed by the company or its own users are forcing to delete content that goes contrary to the policy.
The Nigerian news minister, Lai Mohammed, tweeted the expulsion of the president and the social media company as a very suspicious incident:
Twitters Mission In Nigeria Is Suspicious, Says Lai Mohammed pic.twitter.com/6hbAKsnjVM
Threatening tweets are still visible online
A survey conducted by an expert on the social network of Digital Africa Research Lab (DigiAfricaLab) reveals that the threat tweet written by Buhari is still visible on the account a few days after it has been removed by Twitter, an enthusiasm overtaken by other users:
More than 30 hours after Twitter deleted the tweet of the President of Nigeria @MBuhari for a crime of violation of the law, the tweet was posted BADO INAONEKANA on many online accounts because of the overtake!
By logging in to the internet using different accounts through different devices, DigiAfricaLab was able to see more than 17,000 tweets taken by users before the social networking company did not search for that tweet from the @MBuhari and @NGRPresident accounts, all of which were followed tweets used by President Buhari.
In addition, DigiAfricaLab was able to blame and promote President Buhari's tweet.
Followed tweets may continue to be visible to Twitter network users because the tools used by Twitter (APIs) rely on other network tools that connect the work of Twitter data through the URL.
Another reason, according to J. D. Biersdorfer of the New York Times, is that searched tweets may still be available and thus appear in the online search results until the site ends with a new copy of the tweet on the main page of the account concerned.
Posts tagged #ImamIgboToo
President Buhari's threat tweet has triggered a sharp debate from the Germans who broadcast the Twitter network, a debate that has struck the web's headlines with the news sign of #IAmIgboToo showing their regrets.
In addition, Twitter users in Nigeria from various ethnic groups also used Igbo language names as a way to stay with the people of the Igbo tribe.
An analysis conducted on June 4, 2021 by Global Voices using the Brand Mentions tool showed that within seven days, the #IAmIgboToo sign was recorded 508 times, used 319,200 times, reached 457,500, and distributed 313,100 times on Twitter and Instagram.
Photo of the words listed on the #IAmIgboToo news label
Human rights activist Aisha Yesufu, using the name of Waigbo Somtochukwu, meant that I worshipped God, while seeing how President Buhaari, who worshipped the people of Igbo saying to be attacked by the people of Igbo, was attacked by me:
My name is Aisha Somtochukwu Yusuf.
Any threat to the people of Igbo is to me.
Attacking the people of Igbo is attacking me.
The 1967 threats from President Buhari to the people of Igbo
No man is more than any man.
The exit music artist and music producer Jude Abaga (M.I. Abaga) raised his passion for this country to continue ahead of these striking tribes:
The description that Nigeria takes the people of Igbo is horrible and leaves their view unchanged
The author of #KomeshaSars Rinuola [Rinuola] Oduala, using the name Kigbo Ochiaga, referring to the leader of the armed forces, proudly recalled the great contribution of Kiigbo women to the history of Nigeria, referring to the Aba Women's Rebellion in November 1929:
I remember the Abba Women's Rebellion where no less than 25,000 women protested against colonial abuse.
I come from this area with those women who are born with courage and patience against many years of abuse and injustice.
My name is Privacy Policy Oduala #MimiNiIgbo
Blossom Ozurumba, the Igbo translator of Global Voices, stated that the threat begins with a person’s incapacity:
The incapacity of people becomes easy to remove the moral concerns about murder, racism or intimidation of others just because of the ethnic identity.
If they don’t seem to be human, it’s easy to legitimate acts of violence against them.
Self-determination, according to Ozurumba, makes it easy to eliminate the state of ethical interference with the acts of murder, discrimination, or harassment of people just because of their tribes.
Photo and makeitkenya, CC PDM 1.0
On March 27, a massive debate began on Kenya’s social media on the eve broadcast by third radio broadcasters during the morning Breakfast Show.
Advertisers were discussing an ongoing court case involving Eunice Wangari, a woman who was arrested outside the 12th floor building and a man who was in a relationship with him.
On the Twitter network, angry Chinese raised advertisers Shaffie Weru, Joseph Munoru, and Neville Muysa for their complaints on the case of allegations of sexual assault, and called those advertisers victims of sexual assault.
Shaffie emphasizes that the woman was arrested from the 12th floor of the building in Nairobi after saying no to the man is because she was so distracted and being free so put herself in such a situation.
What is it!
This case has disappointed users because some of them agree with those advertisers.
Three of them were dismissed by the radio station, but it made it clear how the number of online positions in Kenya increased to women.
There are approximately 21.75 million network users in Kenya, or 40 percent of the population in the country, according to a data survey conducted by DataReportal in 2021.
Nearly 11 million people are social media users, an increase of 2.2 percent compared to 2020.
According to another report by the International System for Mobile Communications (GSMA), the number of handphone owners is almost the same for women and men with a five percent more difference for men who own or are able to access media compared to women, on three network users in Kenya one of them is woman.
As a few on the internet, many women in Kenya have increased their target of web humility.
And although in 2018 the law against cyber abuse was adopted in the country that defines the behavior of collaborating with others in a way that could cause anxiety or fear of violence to them or the destruction or deforestation of the property of those people with a penalty of up to 10 years in prison, still the deforestation of many people online is still very deforested.
Below we will describe the other two famous events that occurred in the last 12 centuries that social networks used as a women’s crowdfunding platform in Kenya.
The COVID-19
In March 2020, Brenda Iyv Cherotich was diagnosed with the first COVID-19 in Kenya.
After he came and explained about his journey when the world began to understand about this new Russian.
But Cherotich did not understand it as sharply as he expected.
After doing a media shooting in April 2020, he faced online harassment and disruption from Kenyan On Twitter (a popular word such as #KOT is often used to describe live Twitter users in Kenya who participate in controversial or discouraging discussions on the web) who sought to confiscate and ask the truth about his story.
Other online criminals interfered with his personal life, his personal conversation and his photos were very popular online, after being trapped by his friend or his close man.
His hair shape looks like Corona itself.
After being arrested, Kenya’s health minister Mutahi Kagwe emerged to defend Brenda, calling for the arrest of these criminals and addressing them as a massive attempt to disrupt government efforts to fight COVID-19.
Minister of Health Mutahi Kagwe told police to arrest social media users for breaking Brenda
And that wasn’t its end, another victim recently fell in the #KOT attack: the broadcaster Vyonne Okwara was removed after defending Brenda and supporting the minister’s proposal to accuse cyber criminals.
I do not agree with Yvonne Okwara.
Your information is not available.
It is glorious and glorious to the heavens.
Where was your voice when your colleagues broke the MANAUME (Lonyangapuo) mouth and share their mouth pictures?
This is SUM.
Okwara criticized the murderers for targeting women.
He said that Brian Orinda, the three victims of the COVID-19, who had been on his trip with Brenda, did not find the same conclusion.
This triggered the bullet of tax fighters who had their days on Twitter attacking Okwara.
Use of sex card all the time.
Women must protect their dignity first.
Getting pictures like these and sharing the same is a lack of ethics.
The situation is bad and bad from Okwara.
So bad, you’re surprised as Corona has eaten the brain.
The mouth of men was online juice.
He suddenly got a trick by choosing it.
Earlier this year, the spokesman of the Ikulu Kanze Dena was also victim of a genocide in Kenya.
After he had a meeting with journalists on a week, cybercriminals scattered his body because of his weight.
Suddenly there was a debate on social media, and a part of the Chinese and media supported Dena.
He is very long, long, short!
Who has set the standards of how women should look?
Why is it our problem that @KanzeDena increased weight?
Indeed, she is a new mother, but, no deni to anyone!
Please take a push!
This is a new thing we have to do.
The Elephant article, one of the main digital newspapers in Kenya, suggested that the social media sectors in Kenya and the world have turned into the boundaries of violent and violent words.
There is no doubt that social media has become an essential material for social and professional development, more for women.
Many women have built their online business and, in the same process, have learned how to connect with others.
Many find customers to buy and sell their products online.
Some find platforms to enable opinions, and lead to hundreds of not millions of social that not only stimulate economic growth but directly enable men and women to become economically younger.
They also learned how to improve their online entrepreneurial skills.
Of course then, social networks have emerged as a good place to do business.
This is essential for economic empowerment and recognition for women.
and the Elephant.
It seems that for women to share meaning chat online on topics that directly affect their lives, the internet should be a safer place than it is now.
A flagship of rain.
Picture of Marco Verch on Flickr, CC BY 2.0.
The Caribbean countries, one after another, have been promoting their laws to ensure more equality for people who love homosexuality by removing the elements of colonial age that have prevented the behavior of interference against the creatures.
In 2016, it started the country of Belize.
Two years later, Trinidad and Tobago followed, although the move was not translated into a law change.
Three years after the court revealed clearly that these laws are contrary to the constitution, finally Trinidad and Tobago appears to be on the way to amend the principles of the Equal Opportunity Law (EOA) related to charity.
The law aims to prevent certain types of discrimination and promote equal opportunities among people in different situations.
With the aim of this, the Commission of Opportunity and the Court of Opportunity have been established to deal with these matters but so far, the agencies have failed to deal with the matters of racism against prostitution.
The existing laws deal with gender, color, gender, nature, religion, marriage status, or disability in the matters of employment, training, education and so on.
The current law revision pressure increased after the Bank of Scotiabank in Trinidad and Tobago announced on April 14 that it will increase the health care burden for employers who are in gender relationships, in the same way as for employers of different gender relationships.
The report triggered thorough discussions in the country and was also supplemented by the U.S. Trade Committee (AMCHAM) and Ian Roach, the chairman of the Sawa Opportunity Commission, who was elected in his discussions with the newspaper Newsday of Trinidad and Tobago, saying:
It is a good step towards the private sector and especially for the bank, which has employers of various types.
It is important and others have taken this step, as well as what the law emphasizes.
Government general lawyer Faris Al-Rawi said he was enthusiastic about the action of the Bank of Scotiabank to protect human rights and that the doors are open to do what is needed to eliminate the various forms of racism that continues to exist in the country.
Al-Rawi's position appears to be changing depending on the position he was with after the Supreme Court's 2018 judgment; just after the unconstitutional decision was issued, the government announced its intention to cut the appeal.
While Trinidad and Tobago have made great progress in eliminating various types of discrimination, but when it comes to the issue of discrimination against the country’s homosexuals, the fear of alleged use of discriminatory behaviors the situation has not changed much.
Looking at the public’s criticism against the Bank of Scotiabank’s ads on social media platforms such as Facebook, the opposition was strong.
At the same time, homosexuals continue not only to cope with racism, but also violent acts, many persecuted by losing lives.
In the recent event, the death of Marcus Anthony Singh, a member of the homosexual party in the residential area, has triggered an on-line debate about the difficult environment that homosexuals face in particular their security compared to racist acts.
Many of these conversations have been conducted through the technology of Twitter Spaces, a voice chat platform that enables discussions and safe education.
While Government Attorney General Al Rawi does not give the official time to make such changes to the law, to homosexuals and their partners, the hope remains that the actions taken by private companies such as the Bank of Scotiabank may not long will begin to be taken by the government, and ultimately bring a changing way to the whole society.
Duval, French engineer and founder of the Gaël Institute.
The picture is licensed.
For Internet and technology companies, the collection of information from Internet users has become their main source of income.
However, this way of self-determination puts users at risk as it is presented in frequent cases of open consumption of commercial information, massive flow of information and disclosure.
Is there a clear way to improve the privacy rights of Internet users?
Companies such as Google and Apple have invested in collecting daily customer information, especially via mobile phones, and multiple user connections that are used regularly as calendar and agenda.
Some use has been tracking the real place of the person, and, on the other hand, the use of health issues and games included in the collection of customer policy information.
It is believed that, this information is collected and mixed in order to identify and provide the user with what he needs quickly.
However, the fact is that, internet users and technology users don’t know that, they provide their information for free without any fee.
Officials of online privacy policy issues such as Citizen of Austria, Max Schrems, expressed their feelings about this system of internet companies and the use of income-free technology through their customer information.
It reports the risk of repeated incidents of abuse and violation of the privacy law.
One of these incidents was well through a Facebook scandal known as the Cambridge Analytica case where Cambridge Analytica’s private consulting institution collected personal data of 87 million Facebook users without their permission in order to help president candidates Ted Cruz and Donald Trump early in 2016.
Schrems says he warned Facebook representatives about the incidents of the collection of customer information by the Cambridge Analytica institution, and yet, he couldn't convince them to take action:
Representatives of Facebook, without saying a word, said that by their comments, by using a certain owner’s platform you would allow those people to use their [mobile phones and other devices] for the collection of user information.
However, why do you ask about the right to privacy online without having anything to hide?
Advocate Edward Snowden had the answer to this question in the Reddit debate in 2015:
Thinking that you argue anything about the right to privacy online because you don’t have to hide is the same as thinking that you argue anything about the right to express because you don’t have anything to say.
Real state of harm associated with the use of information technology platforms
French computer engineer and data expert, Gaël Duval has been involved for a long time in the production of computer uses including the use of Linux of Mandrake which is an operating system (the kernel of Linux) that everyone has the right to improve and then be used by others.
Duval decided to create a control system that helps provide security protection for mobile users’ information: /e/OS.
Global Voices spoke with him to understand how information technology affects people’s lives, opportunities and its impacts.
Here is his view on the development of this information technology:
This is a philosophical question.
Personally I have a sense of confusion especially about information technology because, I always have a great sense of technology.
However, there’s a time I feel shaken, I remember those times you need to call, you’re going to a specific part assigned.
It was a fast and fast life.
Young people may be surprised that, until I’ve been sure for five years, there was no phone or phone call at home.
There’s a time I’m telling you that I’ve lived a completely different world, and that’s not yet at all.
On the other hand, it’s very pleasant especially when we’re trying to figure out what we can do with the presence of modern technologies, as well as communicating with a person that’s a completely different part of the world through high-quality video photos and witnessing unused oil electric cars that climb our lips with a dangerous shift.
For those who remember, staying up with the years of the analogue system period, we are now facing a huge risk of reliance on information technology.
A study conducted in 2018 involving children’s psychological problems and the practices used for mobile phones found that large use of mobile phones leads to a number of problems, including ADD and sonona.
A survey published in 2020 by Common Sense Media found that 50 percent of young people in the Los Angeles state said they could not stay without using their cell phones.
The effects associated with the use of these recent technologies have been found by reliable sources in a Netflix article on The Social Dilemma, which describes the testimonies of former employees of a large company including Google, Twitter and Facebook who describe how they were setting the environment of influence for users to build a range of services for profit estimates.
Some governments have tried to address this problem by improving the law to build user understanding and increase liability for the relevant companies.
In 2018, the European Union (EU) adopted the Mother Data Protection Act (GDPR).
This law has added a number of claims regarding the deletion of information that could obtain the user's unquestionable removal of his information and requires the relevant companies to remove such information after a period of three years without deletion.
Also, this law has placed a great benefit for those who do not comply with these rules.
However, its implementation faces the lack of functionalities in government authorities, as well as, this law applies only to the Member States of the European Union.
Introduction to Information Technology Users
As the situation is present, Duval has been committed to preparing materials that will enable people to take the responsibility of protecting their own information, as it describes:
Our motto is that your information is yours, because our information is our property, and for those who think it shouldn’t be so, they don’t want freedom and peace, or business owners submitted to advertising – because personal information of a person can help to sell advertising at more expensive prices.
This is how the system works:
/e/ is a digital networking system that does not disclose any information [to go to Google] such as you analyze, where you are and taking into account the privacy of the user.
This system does not disclose in any way the personal information of the user.
You also provide basic online services such as email, storage, calendar, storing communications everything related to the cell phone system.
Duval says that, when it comes to the issue of personal data, Google and Apple have the same objectives that these data disrupt Google’s trading system, which essentially relies on 8 to 12 billion per year to keep Google’s infringement use on iPhones and iPads.
Duval added:
By using the iPhone, the user sends an average of 6 MB of his information to Google, per day.
It is twice the amount sent by Android operating system users.
In addition, Apple’s external system has been closed, and completely absent from the continuing transparency inside.
They just have to believe.
We, on our part, allow the modification of the privacy policy: all /e/OS systems and online storage maintenance materials (which are used in the creation of this system) are available for free.
This system can be anticipated and selected by experts.
In the context of the growing use of the mobile industry, it is obvious that the sole rule does not exist in building understanding and providing users with the right material and knowledge to protect their information and here is the importance of digital materials that help users be more responsible
Information and understanding are essential in the fight against UVIKO-19 infection.
The photo shows health workers in Kenya teaching the community about UVIKO-19 infection.
Photo: Victoria Nthenge and Trocaire have CC BY 2.0 license
The release of UVIKO-19 in Kenya is covered by the accusations of corruption, disobedience and corruption that left many poor and elderly citizens waiting on the outskirts of public hospitals at the time that the country is facing the third infection and deaths from UVIKO-19.
At the same time, hundreds of Chinese pay up to $100 to be called early, as stated in several Chinese online accounts in conjunction with Kenya and international media.
Earlier in March, Kenya purchased more than 1 million doses of Oxford-AstraZeneca cranes through the UVIKO-19 World Cran Access Programme, which is regulated by the World Health Organization through the procedure called COVAX.
For this reason, they launched a campaign to provide free hospitals in public and private hospitals.
The release of these drugs is divided into three stages: health workers and security and immigration officials, citizens over the age of 58 and adults with various health challenges, and other citizens living in a dangerous environment like those living in an informal residence.
The country is dependent on receiving 24 million doses through the COVAX procedure.
According to the newspaper The Washington Post, Kenya plans to plan the adoption of 50 of its citizens by June 2022 for cooperation between the COVAX project and aid from other countries.
In a statement to the media, UNICEF representative in Kenya, Maniza Zaman, added to the arrival of the first quarters in Kenya.
Following the arrival of these sources, UNICEF and its partners comply with COVAX’s promise to ensure that people who come from a country with high economic capacity do not leave behind in this international plan to save people’s lives by land, he said.
However, this third plan was disrupted once the exercise began because of the last minute decision to accelerate the second stage of the plan as a way to cope with the third wave of infection, political interests emerging, and the government failed to communicate and inform citizens.
In his article that follows what is ongoing on the UVIKO-19 channel program in Kenya, Patrick Gathara, a Kenya-resident writer and political founder who won the award far away said:
With great voice and personality, politicians claimed that they should be given priority to build the trust of the citizens, although the Ministry of Health has already warned that there is no strong opposition to the group.
Since the government failed to explain its plan to the citizens, there was a lot of controversy about where and where people are expected to stand on the line.
With the government’s guidelines to give priority to citizens over the age of 58, Kenya’s media that traders and politicians who are not in this age group have been receiving unregular services, a situation that reveals the massive discrimination against the poor by the money.
At the same time, elderly and poor Chinese, who don’t have a network of people to help with those who don’t have money, appear to come on the line every day starting at 11 a.m., and end up calling on a different day because the drugs have gone, according to the news written by The Washington Post.
They have another door to their friends, Mary Njoroge, 58, one of the teachers, told The Washngton Post.
Without having someone to help you complete the whole process, what will you do?
The case was in another government hospital with @_Sativa, a Twitter user living in Nairobi, who is also Mkenya.
In the same tweet, he explained what his group met with, a teacher who was more than 60 years old.
When the elderly were waiting for the star, the prayer called the names and the young people came forward and looked forward to finding a chant.
When his boyfriend spoke what was going on, the boyfriend gave him a phone number that he could spend money, he said on the same Twitter page.
Following the reports of increased popularity for the campaign, the Minister of Health of Kenya, Mutahi Kagwe, told the media:
I think we arrived where we created a state of consciousness that anyone can go to the food supply center and get service.
I want to fix this issue well, those who provide clinical care will give an account of each drug they used and that the drug used must be discussed by the person who receives that care.
The President of the National Parliament of Nurses in Kenya, Alfred Obengo, has urged the Nurses who are not on the list of priorities to avoid staying on the canyon foil.
To explain how the Kenya government could avoid the dispute in the implementation of the plan, Gathara concludes his article by saying:
We will be able to avoid this as the government of Kenya and its global partners, including the World Health Organization and the governments of the Western countries, will work with Kenya as a pioneer of this plan and not a colonized and drunk colony.
It is very unfortunate for the Chinese, their country which is a colony knows no other way to do it.
In December last year, the whole world went to Argentina where abortion was officially permitted in the country.
But, how much girls and women are compelled to be parents in other parts of the world?
Watch or listen to this period of Global Voices Insights (opened on April 7), where our South American editor Melissa Vida discusses birth rights with the following experts and followers:
Debora Diniz (Brazil): a cultural stage expert conducting research projects on issues of biological ethics, women’s rights, human rights and health.
He teaches at the University of Brazil, but has also studied at the University of Brown, and is a maternal rights activist.
His documentaries on abortion, equality in marriage, governance and religious issues and cellular studies have received various national and international awards and have been awarded in various competitions.
Joy Asasira (Uganda): Advocate of Childhood Health in Africa, Human Rights, and Gender Affairs and Strategy of Childhood Affairs in the World, Promotion Campaign, and Movements and Guidelines of Procedures and Plans.
Joy was awarded the Association of Lawyers in Uganda (ULS) Award for Best Women’s Lawyers for Human Rights for 2018/2019 and was recognized as the leading female leader in World Health at the World Women’s Leaders Conference held at the University of Stanford in 2017.
Emilie Palamy Pradichit (Thailand): Founder and Director of the Manushya Organization, founded in 2017 (Manushya is a Sanskrit word that means Man), with the aim of encouraging the power of the peoples of particular areas, especially women who defend human rights, so that they can fight their rights, equality and social rights.
Emilie is an international human rights lawyer who defends social rights.
R Umaima Ahmed (Pakistan): an independent writer.
Initially he was an assistant editor of the website The News on Sunday and the newspaper The Nation.
R Uma has more than 10 years of experience in online content and magazine.
He focused on digital security, women and animal rights issues.
He is also a reporter of Global Voices.
Dominica Lasota (Poland): 19 year old behavioral rights activist who is also part of the Movements Fridays For Future and Women's Strike.
Mobile financial services agencies are waiting for customers in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania.
Under the 2020 Content Rules, freedom of expression is charged with high fees and government authority to remove unauthorized content.
The image was taken by Fiona Graham/WorldRemit through the Flickr network, CC BY SA 2.0.
This article is part of the UPROAR, a small media project that asks the government to address the digital rights challenges in the Universal Periodic Review (UPR).
At the beginning of March, when Tanzanians began to talk about health and where President John Magufuli was, many citizens used social media to ask questions and even express their concerns.
In answering these questions, the government stopped arresting anyone who used social media to disclose false information about the president.
The government authorities have recalled the 2015 Tanzania Internet Error Act and the Electronic and Postal Communications (EPOCA) Act concluded in 2020 to explain the possibility of arresting and placing within all those who violate these laws.
This was an explanation of government action, which has repeatedly applied web errors laws and online content principles to control and strengthen digital rights and freedom of speech in Tanzania.
On March 17, former Vice President Samia Suluhu Hassan announced on national television that John Magufuli was dead.
A few days later, Hassan was appointed the sixth president of Tanzania.
Until then, at least four people were arrested in various parts of the country for disseminating false opinions about the health and location of the city of Magufuli.
Many are now wondering whether Tanzania will renew its rules that regulate online content after the government of Magufuli, or whether these laws will continue to apply until the remaining period of Magufuli that will be completed by President Samia Hassan in 2025.
Earlier in March, Innocent Bashungwa, Minister of News, Culture, Arts and Games of Tanzania, warned the media to avoid disclosing a bullying about the village of Magufuli, which at the time was not seen publicly since February 27.
In addition, the Minister of Law and Constitutional Affairs, Mwigulu Nchemba, also sentenced internet users to prison penalty through his Twitter account for a crime of dissemination of corruption, referring to Article 89 of the Criminal Code and Article 16 of the Internet Error Act.
Police chief Ramadhani Kingai expressed the intention of seeking to find out a Twitter account named Kigogo, which has long been exposed to government misconduct.
Human rights activists have respected these measures taken by government officials and the situation of misconduct based on these principles in conjunction with the threats associated with its implementation.
Online Content Rules: More Building for Digital Rights
For more than a month ago, Tanzania has a broad network and massive development of communication and technology.
With these developments, the government has established a environment for controlling companies and negotiating platforms and therefore the free media fails to spread in terms of the kind of opinions published by its representative figure.
The Internet has created a new online platform for Tanzanian youth bloggers and social media activists to spread their voice, but the government does not seem to agree with this new fact.
In 2010, Tanzania issued the Law on Electronic and Postal Communications, which was its kind in the country.
By 2018, the basic rules that regulate online content were issued through the Electronic and Postal Communications (Online Content) 2018 Rules.
The government claimed that these principles were aimed at closely monitoring the use of social networks, in particular, the fight against the news issues that spread fraud and corruption in the community.
However, these rules were not only applied against the media but also to one-on-one bloggers and content service providers, who were announced by a new legal provision to pay $900 to obtain a license.
This document also applied to anyone who plays and broadcasts commercial television or online radio advertisements.
A lot of trouble fell on social networks following this sudden tax rate where many bloggers and content producers decided to leave their activities because of these high costs.
Opposition politicians and social media users have sharply criticized these principles by violating the freedom of social media as well as civilian bases.
In 2020, Tanzania submitted a new amendment to the rules of online content, under article 103 of the Electronic and Postal Communications Act, 2020, and began to apply in July 2020, and announced through Notification and 538 in the Government Gazette.
Some of the major differences between the 2018 and 2020 editions of the Online Content Code (EPOCA) are as follows:
First, the Tanzania Communications Authority (TCRA) renewed tax groups and added small groups under online content: information & news, entertainment and education or religion, and continued to prevent individuals from providing content.
Online Content Code 2020, Section VI, Section 116:
Anyone who provides online services without obtaining an exhaustive license, commits an offence and his punishment is sentenced to pay a non-minimum interest of 6 million Titans [US$2,587] or a non-minimum prison sentence of 12 months or all together.
Secondly, TCRA added a list of unauthorized content and included, among other aspects, content that encourages recording people’s phones, scanning communications, scanning data, tracking communications, recording and interfering communications or conversations without permission.
Third, the Online Content Rules (EPOCA 2020) also shortened the period in which the licensing holder may carry out an infringement of the Content Rules by suspending or closing an account.
Under the rules of 2018, the license had 12 hours to do so.
But in the rules of 2020, under Section III, Section 11, the time to deal with any infringement of content was reduced to 2 hours.
Failure to comply with this period gives the authority permission to interfere, either by blocking or withdrawing the account concerned.
Global Voices spoke with some law and human rights experts who criticized the 2020 Content Rules amendment, saying they advocate the digital and civil rights.
They said these rules violate digital rights and prohibit bloggers and writers from possessing online content.
The biggest problem here is that no warning has been placed to prevent this authority from being misused, and in the current circumstances, these authorities are harmful to the freedom of speech in Tanzania, said one of the human rights experts who requested unknowledge.
Posts Tagged ‘Digital Rights in Tanzania’
Under the government of Magufuli, the civilian foundation, the media and the digital rights have been promptly prompted, step by step, for freedom of speech online.
After the sudden death of Magufuli, many are now wondering about the future of digital rights in the country after six years of leadership continuing to show signs of foolishness.
Global Voices spoke with some government officials for a non-named charter on the new rule and status of human rights and freedom of speech online.
One of Tanzania’s biandam rights experts told Global Voices, with a condition of uncertainty:
These rules are not fair because anyone can be prosecuted, because not many citizens understand the translation of these rules.
The other believed that the government is inflicting social networks as free.
He warned citizens to take care when they talk on open platforms because the government has the legal power to get all their information through the platform owners.
The Online Content Rules for 2020 make it absolutely impossible for an unknown person to be online, under the Rules 9(e), internet cafe service providers are required to register themselves using identified IDs, keep an exclusive online ID for each computer (IP address) and install security cameras to record all the activities that are ongoing in their workplaces, according to this analysis carried out by the Tanzania News Council.
These rules contribute to criminal acts of violating the dignity of the people, preventing the right of ignorance, imposing severe punishments for the infringement of these rules, and assigning an extensive authority to remove the content to the TCRA and other subjects under it.
The Online Content Code (EPOCA) is in line with international standards for digital rights.
In general, these rules promote freedom of speech and freedom of the media in Tanzania.
However, the government of Tanzania is responsible for respecting and respecting the rights of people to speak and to gather, including journalists, members of civil assemblies, and opposition politicians, in accordance with the Constitution of Tanzania, as well as international agreements and local communities.
These rights are essential to allow the right to vote.
Tanzania is in the base of digital rights.
Under President Hassan recently published, the question is whether the Revolutionary Party will continue to promote and promote digital rights in the country?
Editor's document: The author of this article asked his name to be known for security reasons.
To move Tanzania forward was not a very easy thing, President John Magufuli joined the presidency in 2015.
His headline was Here Work Only, displayed on the green coffle, the colours of the ruling party in Tanzania, the Revolutionary Party, led by Magufuli.
Photo by Pernille Baerendtsen, used with permission.
Thousands of people are gathered in the sports facilities, airports and roadside, in various areas of Tanzania, areas where the body of President John Pombe Magufuli has been returned from Dar es Salaam allowing the citizens to be honoured for a weekly stay in Dodoma, where the headquarters of the government, Zanzibar islands, Mwanza and Chato, his home, the roadside of Ziwa Victoria, where it will be resigned.
Magufuli was announced to die at the age of 61, on March 17, in a speech by former Vice-President, Samia Suluhu Hassan, broadcast on the national television channel, a report that ended several weeks of trouble about the presidential health status and the place where he was.
He died of a heart attack:
The death of the President of the Republic of Tanzania.
The sudden death of Magufuli, however, left the Tanzanians, and others, considering a political and governmental end in the country of Eastern Africa.
On Friday, Hassan was appointed the sixth president of Tanzania, writing the story of being the first woman to become president of Tanzania, the second president to be born in the Zanzibar Islands which is part of Tanzania, and the first woman to take the highest position of service in Tanzania.
Under the Constitution of Tanzania, Hassan will serve all the remaining five-year term of his presidential office until 2025.
In this short video, very popular on social media, Hassan ignores any doubts about his ability to lead as a woman:
For those who doubt that this woman will be the president of the United Republic of Tanzania, I would like to tell you that the one who is here is the president.
I would like to repeat that he is the president of the Republic of Tanzania, who is a female masterpiece.
While the Tanzanians were pushing up for the Golfo and continuing to think about these sudden changes, many seem to have a great hope for Hassan.
Opposition politician Zitto Kabwe, the leader of the party ACT Wazalendo, has hopes and history of Hassani in the movement and work as a member of the civilian foundation.
The great story of President @SuluhuSamia in 20 minutes was struck by him Himself.
He said he was an activist.
He was a citizen.
Asante is sinful to do this.
He does not listen.
While Hassan greaterly understood as a person who loves reconciliation, calling for unity and peace in this transitional period, Magufuli is understood as a bulidoza, the identity he received as the Minister of Construction to recognize his effectiveness in ensuring that the roads are built.
Remembrance of Mumbai
John Magufuli, the fifth president of Tanzania, died on March 17, 2021.
Our Father is God, and we will always remember our hero.
Many Tanzanians and Africans generally remember Magufuli on social networks for bad and good.
The evil and goodness of Magufuli cannot be confused with the same weight, and that means that the memory that leaves behind has its integrity but has a great meaning.
The camps that supports Yogyakarta and the opponents of Yogyakarta will not agree and the debate will continue for many years.
Mubarak gave popularity in the early days of his presidency for his promises of fighting corruption with force.
His efforts to establish major projects aimed at strengthening infrastructure and industrial development gave rise to the hopes of many Dutch self-reliance after decades of reliance on international aid.
In April of last year, for example, Magufuli refused a $10 billion (US dollar) donation from China for a large airport project to be implemented near the city of Dar es Salaam, saying it is the only country that can agree to these terms.
This has led to the President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad to go to last year’s elections.
We are grateful to you, and we are grateful to you.
It is recorded by images of the success of Magufuli in road construction, aircraft purchase, railway construction and modern railways.
Photo by Pernille Baerendtsen, used with permission.
His position against corruption also spread western countries, and the media initially wrote his position with a positive view.
For some, Magufuli is remembered as the true son of Africa and the guardian of Africa has undermined the interests of Africa.
Some remind it as a president who likes popularity to scratch the practice rather than anything else:
I’ve been looking forward to the Danish victim of John Magufuli.
We opposed his methods of dictatorship and criticized him for his behavior of ignorance of science, but it is clear, looking at the people standing on the road, that family was popular.
However, the government of Magufuli was corrupt and thus greatly affected human rights and freedom of expression.
For more than six years, Human Rights Watch, Amnesty International, the Committee for the Protection of Journalists (CPJ), Global Voices and others have been promoting the protection of civil and human rights.
Tanzania is ranked sixth in the Declaration of Freedom for Democracy and Freedom between 2020 and 2021.
When the Parliament was discussing the Political Party Act of January 2019, the law which was adopted to strengthen the political parties, it was translated as a bad sign especially the bundi appeared inside the parliamentary building.
The Government of Magufuli has repeatedly applied various laws such as the Electronic and Postal Communications Act (EPOCA), or the Internet Error Act to voice and free opinion.
The various amendments to the 2020 rule aimed at preventing citizens from disclosing information that could lead to peace disturbances or fraud and information-related content about explosive diseases or hazardous diseases without approval by the government through its top officials.
Citizens were unable to talk about the earthquake that caused coastal areas last month, except the news of the earthquake that occurred in the country a few months later.
And during the two weeks of sickness about Mr. Magufuli and his health early in March, at least four people were alleged to have been arrested for allegations about the president's disease.
Or he died in the corona?
He has died of a heart attack that he has been treated for 10 years.
But the sudden death of Magufuli left many worried if he might have been infected with the coronavirus (UVIKO-19).
Most of the countries in the West will be remembered by reducing the presence of coronary disease in their country.
When the disease arrived in Tanzania, the government took caution along with giving guidelines on how to combat the disease, but later, repeatedly, Magufuli has been pushing people to continue their activities as a greater economic threat than the virus.
He often opposed the international guidelines on health principles such as breaking the barracks, avoiding controversies and clashes that encouraged citizens to rely on natural requests and clashes as an alternative step.
After Magufuli banned the disclosure of the Corona infection data in April last year, he insisted that Corona failed by the force of the request.
After a little, he announced that Tanzania has no coronary disease.
Although it is impossible to say how much Corona affected Tanzania, what we know is that Corona did not leave.
The new Corona eruption occurred in January, and many Danish people spoke about their testimonies on social networks as excited as they spread symptoms such as Corona.
Understood that they could be arrested for the crime of the Corona discussion, the debate went on the name of a new Nymonia and the challenges of resignation.
But Molly refused to his position of opposition in a speech he gave to his house Chato, on January 27:
If the puppy could come with the puppy, then he would discover the puppy of the HIV; he would discover the source of the puppy; and now he would know the puppy of malaria; he would get the puppy of the cancer.
This statement could be taken as a redirect to Magufuli's leader, President Jakaya Kikwete, who once served as the world ambassador to the beginning of 2016.
Last month, Magufuli eventually believed that his country had a coronary problem, worshipping the Tanzanians to carry a baroko that they built themselves.
Scientists say this step of Magufuli to change the view on the crown covered by the death of Deputy Zanzibar Seif Sharif Hamad.
A number of high-level officers from the popular political layer in the vicinity of Magufuli died of the disease.
While many groups of people continued to gather to give their final honour to the president's honor, on the other hand, his death brought some honour.
Shortly after Magufuli's death, journalist Elsie Eyakuze appeared on social media to openly talk about life that was during the Corona attack in Tanzania, where the president demonstrated intentionally ignoring the Corona virus.
In a long time on Twitter, he said:
and now.
For the real story I have been at a loss to tell for too long.
and I.
In March 2020, the Corona eruption began to rise worldwide.
Tanzania was not destroyed.
But in April 2020 we met together efforts to control the spread of this disease in the country.
In his last tweet, he said:
He died in the corona.
Yes, of course.
This and it.
and them.
of Tanzania.
and the reward.
But not those who want to talk, right?
They are not symbols.
It is part of the simulation.
My friend is searching.
You can?
Can we do this between us?
Please do so.
I will do that.
and tomorrow.
In an open letter to Magufuli, Eyakuze explains a change to the behavior of Magufuli, but uses a method of understanding other emotions, a method that appears to overcome Magufuli himself again and forgive.
The Tanzanians agree with the clarity and weight of the death of Magufuli and the memory that leaves behind him while their eyes should be closed in front of him.
Who has the power to decide what it looks like and what it does not appear on the internet?
This is an important question asked by author and writer Jillian C. York in his upcoming book Silicon Values, which is expected to be launched on March 23, 2021.
On Wednesday, February 10 at 2:00 GMT, Jillian will contact the CEO of Global Voices Ivan Sigal for a video-commercial conversation about his book, which, as he explains in the debate, we are looking to track the history of how the major Silicon Valley communication platforms have developed its private system, a system that governs how we can speak online.
Jillian, who is Director of International Freedom of Expression at the Electronic Frontier Foundation, and is a popular member of the Global Voices, where he fights to write about digital freedom and freedom of expression in the context of the Middle East.
This time is free and open to the public and streaming directly on the Facebook Live, YouTube, and Twitch networks.
We are delighted to see you come to us on Wednesday, February 10 at 2:00 pm GMT (click here to check the time corresponding to the area you are)!
*Come this book through this link to help contribute to Global Voices.
A young woman is watching her mobile phone in Tanzania, December 9, 2018.
Photo by Riaz Jahanpour, for the USAID/Communication Digital Development project through the Flickr network, CC BY 2.0.
The first Russian Crown was in Tanzania in the middle of March, 2020.
However, after the figures continued to grow and reach 509 patients and 21 deaths at the end of April, the Tanzania government announced that no one of the patients with UVIKO-19 in June.
The same month, Prime Minister Kassim Majaliwa told parliament that there were only 66 patients throughout the country, but did not provide further explanation.
Since then, the government has been strongly linked to the coronavirus, with striking political threats to deny the presence of the virus so it will continue to be released without any evidence of illness or deaths.
Today, many activities are continuing as usual, including the tourism industry in Tanzania, which invites thousands of visitors to enter the country through uncommon airports and arrangements to do sufficient inspections.
Zanzibar airport got the lowest score of two stars in the health and safety assessment carried out by Skytrax Safety Surveillance Surveillance Surveillance Surveillance Surveillance Surveillance Surveillance Surveillance Surveillance Surveillance Surveillance Surveillance Surveillance Surveillance Surveillance Surveillance Surveillance Surveillance Surveillance Surveillance Surveillance Surveillance Surveillance Surveillance Surveillance Surveillance Surveillance Surveillance Surveillance Surveillance Surveillance
According to the Skytrax report, two newly infected Russians from South Africa were confirmed to travel to Denmaki on January 19, arriving in Tanzania.
The great music show, which is expected to take place once a year, the Sound of Busara, will take place in mid-February in Zanzibar Islands, with the inspiration of the European Union in Tanzania and some European countries embassy in Tanzania, this time where the country is facing the great danger of the new kind of coronary coronary that spreads in the countries of Britain, South Africa, and Brazil.
On January 24, the Orthodox Catholic State of Arusha issued a letter of warning to its believers against the presence of UVIKO-19 in Tanzania, and encouraged its believers to follow all necessary health care warnings to protect themselves and spread from the virus.
Although records show that Tanzania has few diseases compared to other countries, the government’s silence about UVIKO-19 data has led to an uncertainty among health experts and human rights activists, who have been called to talk and talk about UVIKO-19 on global platforms.
The country made an amendment to the 2018 edition of the Electronic and Postal Communications Act (Online Content in July, prohibiting reporting content related to a hazardous or hazardous disease outbreak in or anywhere without the permission of the relevant authorities.
Although early measures to control viral infection were taken, now schools, schools, offices, and other social activities have returned to normal.
However, the virus continues to spread in the country.
President John Magufuli expressed concerns about the quality of laboratory equipment and the faithfulness of his counterparts after the secret trials claimed to be carried out using achievements and donations to bring answers that there were such viral infections.
The president said that giving these data would have brought unreasonable evidence and a short time later, he dismissed Nyambura Moremi, the director of the national health laboratory, for claims to disclose the results of the tests.
The team to deal with UVIKO-19 was created by the Prime Minister and ended up crashing.
In June, Magufuli thanked God for removing the Russians from Tanzania, following three days of national prayer.
He gave the announcement publicly during the worship of Sunday, among the believers who were praying, claiming that God responded to their prayers.
Mubarak warned those believers for the unprecedented disorder, as well as the World Health Organization’s invitation to ask people to disappear to prevent the spread of the virus.
Magufuli, who was named a bulldozer after his strong position against corruption acts, was elected for the second time in October 2020 in a highly challenged election in favor of opponents.
Before the election, Vancouver was promoted and placed on the net where all major social media platforms including Instagram, WhatsApp and Twitter were closed uninterruptly.
Until today, many people can’t log in to the Twitter network without using the technology of using the secret network VPN.
For more than five years, the government of Magufuli has strengthened the freedom of democracy and civil activity together and promoted the freedom of expression and the right to access information on digital platforms.
Following the government’s sharp position to reduce the presence of UVIKO-19, people are not allowed to provide any data of UVIKO-19 that the government does not verify, this means that ordinary citizens including journalists and health experts are asked to comment on UVIKO-19 on digital platforms or get important information.
The right to access information on UVIKO-19 has become the preference of a certain class of people, according to one doctor from the national hospital who spoke to Global Voices for ununderstood terms, fearing to be dismissed.
Unlike other countries with special teams working on UVIKO-19, Tanzania has a web site with a few time-called information about UVIKO-19.
The proposals for rejecting the presence of UVIKO-19 appear to be accepted by many people, including health experts, who ignore important measures to take caution such as carrying out the bacteria and avoiding cohesions.
Global Voices visited several hospitals, including Muhimbili, a government hospital in Dar es Salaam, the cultural capital of the country, as well as the Benjamin Mkapa Hospital in Dodoma, the political capital, and witnessed a few warnings taken to deal with the spread of the coronary disease virus.
People are allowed to enter the hospitals without carrying the bark, there are a few clean-up equipment and hands-on and there are no water or damages, the condition indicated, for example, in the water of the pregnant women.
While the government of Magufuli doesn’t show any concern about the effects of this virus on the daily lives of citizens, many ministers of its government and its departments agree that UVIKO-19 does.
The Minister of Finance of Tanzania asks the staff of his ministry to take all care to protect themselves from the coronavirus, while saying that Tanzania is not recognised by UVIKO-19.
Photo from the newspaper.
For example, when Magufuli was published for the second time last year, government authorities took a lot of caution against UVIKO-19, urging all the visitors to measure the body temperature and wash their hands on a specific area with water and rubber.
On January 25, the Minister of Finance of Tanzania, Dr. Philip Mpango, asked his ministry officials to take caution against UVIKO-19 and at the same time denied the existence of the disease in Tanzania, during his meeting in Dodoma, the political headquarters.
Many local experts are afraid to talk, afraid of taking action.
Global Voices spoke to one health official who believed that Tanzania could be faced with the second wave of the attack but believed citizens had hidden these reports.
The expert did not want to be named, he was afraid to be taken.
Another health expert told Global Voices on the unnamed condition that people should be aware of the trend of the UVIKO-19 state so that they can take care to protect themselves and prevent the spread of the virus to their communities.
He said that leaving people hidden makes their work hard but he believed that people will try to protect themselves by taking all care as advised by the World Health Organization (WHO).
He said to Global Voices:
Politicians put this issue on the UVIKO-19 point and play a dangerous game, but when people begin to die they will begin to dismiss health workers.
Another doctor who spoke to Global Voices on the condition that his name was unknown said that although there is hope of getting a resistance, the Tanzanian government's demands to deny the presence of the disease will deny its access, because the government has not taken any steps to search for the world markets, and instead to deal with the epidemic.
In December 2020, the spokesman for the Ministry of Health, Gerald Chamii, raised his doubts about the world’s polluted food, saying to the East African newspaper:
He didn’t even know for six months to get a sickness or a sickness.
We have committed ourselves since the invasion began, not sure how reasonable it is to intervene against it and disclose it to the citizens without doing trial trials to prove its security for our people.
Information is an important issue for democracy and development.
The Internet use laws in Tanzania have been misused to focus on the voice of those who speak against how Tanzania deals with the issue of UVIKO-19.
Freedom of expression, including the right to access, receive, and disclose information, is prohibited by international law.
In Tanzania, the right to be notified and to receive information and to disclose information is recognised by Articles 18(1) and 18(2) of the Constitution of the United Republic of Tanzania.
However, these rights seem to be more theoretical than real.
In the circumstances in which the government denies the presence of UVIKO-19 and the existence of laws that prevent people from getting information and giving opinions about this disease, online and online, people are left without basic information and many are afraid to talk.
This article is part of a series of articles that investigate interference with digital rights during internalization measures to control UVIKO-19 infection in nine African countries: Uganda, Zimbabwe, Mumbai, Algeria, Nigeria, Namibia, Tunisia, Tanzania and Ethiopia.
The project is funded by the African Digital Rights Fund, managed by the International Security Policy Cooperation for Eastern and Southeastern Africa (CIPESA).
Photo showing the completion of the training of the police in Mumbai and photo on the screen of August 19, STV Youtube, shot by the owner
Mumbai military police reports posted in the media early in August that 15 students were pregnant in a police training school in Matalane, the province of Maputo.
The reports say that these pregnancies are the result of the sexual relationship between students and nurse without explaining whether these relationships were free.
However, it was that pregnant students will not be able to finish training at the moment, and the travellers will return to the towns when they were transported by the police.
At the end, the report said that the educators involved will be suspended.
Asked by the O País newspaper on August 8, Commander of the Army Police General Bernardino Rafael said that all stakeholders will meet with respect procedures.
It didn’t take a long time before this post was broken up on social media.
Several internet users have clearly stated that they are unhappy with the decision of the school and thus want the right to act for those women.
Fatima Mimbire wrote on Facebook:
Matalane's matter is overwhelmed by weight.
I was very excited about this issue of the pregnancy of the 15 students of the Matalane training center.
This is a great thing.
It’s a big thing because as the documents revealed the characters are teachers.
Now one person who has authority over the other is pregnant and the result is a little process?
This reminds us of the teacher who accused his students of sexual corruption in order to give them a bargain or not to give them a class because, in his view, these students are contradictory, and instead of accusing the teacher who was sent to teach him elsewhere.
And there he continues his discourse.
The women’s rights activist also posted this on Twitter:
by Matalane
Creating a social equal community in defending equal rights for citizens requires free education as well as development policies that involve the development of citizens as well as scientific and ethical knowledge as well as practical education.
by Matalane
Comprehensive violence against women is a common thing for societies with a systematic system, understood by liberalizing women and making them obey the demands of men defending to be convicted of the acts of victims and reducing the guilt of criminals.
Professor of the University Carlos Serra said:
by Matalane?
It is a very small part of the countryside that surrounds and Matalane is our own.
I think the day when they begin to explain their answers, they start from their childhood.
As the journalist and journalist Selma Inocência said:
Very few teachers have been sentenced to trial, convicted and convicted.
They are committed to losing their childhood thousands of girls.
The school is not safe.
Statistics show that hundreds of girls get pregnant in school and other characters are teachers, teachers and school teachers.
The request was approved to demand the punishment to the police officers involved.
So far more than 3,8000 people have admitted.
For the government, this issue is fundamental and is undergoing a thorough investigation at the level of the Minister and Chief of the Military Police of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
It cannot and cannot tolerate such issues.
The law is for everyone and it is for everyone.
No one is above the law.
The investigation continues by thoroughly examining all the information in this case and taking into account the psychological and emotional condition of those pregnant women because they deserve to respect their identity.
Another case
This is the summary of the cases of sexual assault against women in Mumbai where they are not in the media.
One of the cases recently held in the media is the case of Alberto Niquice, a member of the Liberation Front of Mozambique (Frelimo), who is prosecuted for murder of a 13-year-old boy in 2018.
Earlier this year, 30 citizens’ institutions in Cambodia called for Niquice to be unprecedented after being re-elected in 2019.
However, the council took office and did work as usual in the parliament.
Another case in the media is about the murder committed by Josina Machel, the daughter of Prime Minister Samora Machel.
In October 2015, Josina was killed by her three-year-old boyfriend, Rofini Licuco, who was killed by a single eye.
Licuco was sentenced to 3 years and 4 months in prison along with paying 300 million dollars (including 4.2 million US dollars) to Josina.
However, Rofino terminated the appeal and in June of this year, the Supreme Court of Repair ruled the case away with claims that there was no sufficient evidence in the case.
This Monday of the Exhibition, change Global Voices: https://globalvoices.org/donate/
The year 2020 has not yet been completed.
In the middle of all, we, Global Voices, have continued to publish news from all four corners of the world, providing our readers with a unique worldview of issues such as the UVIKO-19, color equality movements, protests in countries such as Belarus and Thailand, and more, and more.
The community of bloggers, journalists, journalists and digital rights activists of Global Voices has been working for more than 16 years to build governments between countries and different languages and to defend the freedom of the media, the transparency of the Internet, and the rights of everyone, the freedom of speech and the freedom of speech.
Please Change Global Voices Tuesday this post
Our work and the community of our international writers is proof that human relations, regardless of the spread of different differences, can change the way people understand the world.
Please visit today to help us develop this important work.
<< Change the Global Voices >>
in December 2004.
It had to be a university student using the Facebook network, Twitter had not yet started to be used, hackers were still living on a crowdfunding.
Our phones were still unintelligent, floating at the same time meant water and you would call money bomb repair, and still Amazon.com was unable to sell some of the products.
There were a lot of news sites, blogs were there and they did well, and we started talking online.
This is where the Global Voices is born.
We have been there for 15 years!
The age of the dog is 110 years old.
For the Internet years, it is equal to 1000 years.
Today we wish to take this opportunity to thank our prestigious authors worldwide and our faithful readers and partners for giving Global Voices strength and the ability to move forward.
Since 2004, we have been helping to write the world’s largest news.
We have published 100,000 articles, and developed specific articles aimed at enabling non-priority sites community to use digital networks and fight online rights, including building a community of translators who translate more than 51 languages.
Without you, there would be no Global Voices.
We will help you to complete another 15 years.
We mean you will need your help.
Donations from individuals help us protect our freedom and allow us to make difficult decisions to grow and change.
Please join us today!
Change now!
The passengers crossed the border between Ghana and Togo, West Africa, on January 25, 2016.
Photo by Enock4seth via Wikimedia Commons, CC BY-SA 4.0.
African leaders have taken a quick decision to deal with UVIKO-19.
The African Centers for Disease Control (ACDC) established a work group of UVIKO-19 February 5, before this district did not see even one patient.
Today, Africa, which is currently the lowest affected area in the world with 1,293,048 infected persons certified with UVIKO-19 and the most affected is 1,031,905 infected persons, according to Africa CDCP.
It accounts for less than 5 per cent of the world’s diseases and less than 1 per cent of all deaths occurred worldwide.
Now, as African countries led by the African Union are enforcing the COVID-19 barriers and preparing to reopen their economies and borders, many governments are using innovative technology.
The unified, African technology capable of monitoring and connecting COVID-19 measurement stations across the coast has led to the use of PanaBIOS, a biological monitoring technology supported by the African Union.
PanaBIOS has provided a software that relies on the web and uses an algorithm to follow people with health risks and keep records of sample tests from natural to laboratory.
This technology has been developed by Koldchain, a state-of-the-art institution in Kenya, and funded by AfroChampions, public and private cooperation has been developed to bring together African resources and institutions to support and succeed the African private sector.
Ghana is the only country for this time that uses PanaBIOS technology when it opens its borders.
PanaBIOS ensures passengers can pass the exam results from other countries to meet the airport authorisation requirements for the traveling countries through the PanaBios software or by adding the passports derived from the system to the travel documents.
City health officials use software-to-business version to validate health certificates in the same way for all countries.
Complete data protection and privacy laws
The African and African Union CDCP encourages member nations to unite a platform based on marketing, PanaBIOS will showcase results across the country to be joined.
But,common interference between health raises a lot of questions about data privacy and privacy.
Government-controlled surveillance and control can cause fear and disruption of citizenship, especially in the counties where only 27 countries among 54 have complete data protection and privacy laws.
Other African countries, such as Ghana, have changed the law to grant the President of the Emergency Authority to cope with the incident by ordering the telephone communications company to provide the customer’s personal information such as customer data, customer telephone memory, money data transferred using the phone and unused, traders’ records, and addresses.
In terms of data protection and privacy, all machine study methods used by PanaBIOS are in general data.
These are collected data processed for statistical analysis not personal data targeting people except for tracking the contact, where it will be available to access the victims or the affected.
To ensure confidentiality interference, the African Union, PanBIOS, and its partners should suggest how they will enable data protection laws of different countries to protect privacy, ensure data authorization and avoid sharing commercial data.
Currently, this pra-user does not have a public privacy policy, which describes users’ principles of collecting and sharing data.
The challenge is how this privacy policy will fulfill a variety of objectives, freedom, national, and regional data protection laws such as the African Union Agreement on Internet Security and Personal Data Protection,the South African Development Community (SADC) detailed data protection law, the Western African Economic Community (ECOWAS) Additional Law A / SA.1 / 01/10 on the Protection of Personal Data Internal ECOWAS and the Eastern African Community Internet Code.
Technological solutions have contributed effectively to coping with COVID-19 Africa
Together with PanaBIOS, some African nations have achieved a breakthrough based on the COVID-19.
For example, scientists from Sengali developed a COVID-19 measurement device that costs $1 and 3D patient assessments.
Wellvis, the Nigerian Infection Institute, developed the COVID-19 measurement tool, a free internet tool to help users measure the risk rate of coronavirus infection based on the signs and history of risk infection.
The government of South Africa used the short messaging network Whatsapp to provide interacting speeches to answer common questions about the fake stories, signs and stories of COVID-19.
With Uganda, market women used the Market Garden software to sell their goods at home using this software, then a pick-up taxi hit the buyer of the goods.
Africa successfully controlled and managed the infertility of COVID-19 associated with the public disaster, the capacity to measure and monitor the deceased, and the possibility of the presence of SARS-CoV-2 among other Africans.
However, it is demonstrated that technology-based innovations have contributed significantly to ensuring the control of COVID-19, as well as the optimistic leadership of the beginning of the catastrophe.
Solomon Zewdu, a senior doctor and association of Bill and Melinda, revealed how, in January, when many western nations were overwhelmed, Ethiopia began to climb the AddisAbaba landscape.
Rwanda became the first country in Africa to terminate ordinary catastrophes on March 21, and several African countries follow the latest: South Africa continues the ordinary catastrophes when it grew by 400 cases and two deaths.
(And the public number, Italy grew with more than 9,000 cases and 400 deaths took action.)
Compared to the opposite, the number of victims of American deaths is six times the number of Africans.
Public health experts estimate that the catastrophe has greatly affected the African coast and the bodies of the dead flooding in the towns.
Indeed, Africa has confirmed otherwise.
The news was used by a survey by Factcheck Lab, a Hong Kong reality security agent, who is also a Global Voices news partner where the reporter is a member.
On September 22, news reports and social media publications spread in Chinese networks did not show that World Health Organization (SAD) chief scientist Dr. Soumya Swaminathan, said Chinese sources against COVID-19 were proven to have an effect.
These reports and publications show a minute video source provided by Chinese television for the video sharing software China Miaopai.
This video shows the speech of the CEO of SAD Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus adding the importance of promoting the UVIKO-19, followed by Dr. Swaminathan.
In the CCTV video, in which its brief description says WHO’s Chief Scientist: China UVIKO-19 channels were assured to have an effect (), this is Swaminathan’s report:
As you know,but they have a comprehensive program to promote your body and some of your body step forward in clinical trials, this is also of our interest, we follow you closely.
Some of the partners proved to benefit from the ongoing clinical trials.
However, Dr. Swaminathan's original speech was interrupted.
His final sentence, of course, began with the word if, and the parent of the latter made it out as if he said he confirmed rather than confirmed.
The proposals of Dr. Swaminathan are as follows:
We have been engaged in discussions with China for many months ago because,you know, those who also have a well-known program to promote cranes and with their many cranes are a step ahead of clinical trials, this is our interest,so we follow closely.
We’ve had a constructive and open discussion with them and they’ve always emphasized their commitment to discernment around the world if some of their branches have passed ongoing clinical trials [the emphasis has been added].
So I think the discussions that are ongoing, are still clear and we believe that many countries are opposing.
This statement was issued at a press conference not a sign of the SAD held on September 21.
A full copy of the incident of an hour and a half may be unfortunate.
The conference began to submit a report on a $18 billion plan for WHO and other organizations to shift UVIKO-19 flu from around the world.
So far, 156 nations have signed up to this agreement; neither China nor America are among them.
As expected, CCTVT’s video, along with news reports and generated publications, has been covered by realities.
Posts in Weibo and Daily Economic News have been covered by more than 337,000 people.
Here are some of the popular comments:
I am very proud of my country.
This is the gift of the National Day and the Middle Ages.
You can’t get rid of China.
Glory to my country.
China has saved the world.
After the audiences surely indicate the words of the Dr. were broken, the media, along with CGTN and CCTV, banned their social media posts.
Among them are the Youth Communist League of China, whose post was posted by the Twitter user @Emi2020JP before losing from the Web:
Tedros should be planned first.
As @Emi2020JP, many of the twiters believed the WHO was assisting China with distorting the video, and publishing a narrow comment on Tedros:
Tedros is a cowboy!
I’m going to give Tedros an extra tide!
One day my mother told me, the news in the country said America would buy a lot of pounds from China.
No need to explain.Let them live in their imagination.
Excellent work, starting from tolerating the viral spread to the advertising of the cannabis sales!
Although intellectual posts have been deleted,touch messages are still prevalent on social networks, such as this public post WeChat.
Beijing-based media in Hong Kong, such as Speak Out HK (and Today Review (), also published the news from this video.
There are approximately 200 types of UVIKO-19 found in a distant stage from clinical trials around the world, and many of their subjects have been prepared by Chinese libraries.
No one has passed the 3th stage of the trial for now.
Protests against the death of Dr. Silvio Dala in Luanda.
Photo by Simão Hossi, CC-BY 3.0
Hundreds of Angols entered the streets on September 12 in Luanda, Bengal and other 15 cities in protest against the police's arrest.
The protests began after the news of the death of Dr. Silvio Dala, 35 years old, who died on September 1 under police supervision.
According to the authorities, Dala left his car from David Bernardino’s Children’s Hospital in Luanda, where he works as a clinical director and was arrested by the police because he didn’t carry the car.
The doctor was taken to the Catotes police station in the neighboring town of Rocha Pinto, and when he showed strong signs of survival and began to swallow, he fell badly and struck his head and caused a small wound on his head, the official police said.
He also said that Dala died when police officers were transferred to the hospital.
The team of doctors opposed the report.
Chairman of the party, Adriano Manuel, told the Voice of America (VOA) that there is transparency in the authority details where he shows that the doctor was removed.
Manuel told the German Voice (DW) that the source of death stated by the police is not real.
Anyone who is a doctor and has consulted a doctor will know that this is the sign that Silvio has launched.
According to DW, a news source from the Ministry of Internal Affairs says that the investigation was carried out in front of the family and the prosecutor and confirmed that the doctor was not the victim of the burden.
The party said it was attacking the police for legal action.
At the same time, the Government of Angola has formed a committee to cooperate with the Ministry of Health to investigate the incident.
The protesters did not believe the police reports about the death of Dala.
The plans used by the protesters in various areas of the city of Luanda said: There will be no more murder, you will be defended, you will not be left, I am Silvio Dala, they killed Silvio Dala.
He also asked the Minister of Internal Affairs Eugénio Laborinho to resign.
The demonstrations were organized by the Doctors' Party in cooperation with civil organizations and institutions.
Protests against the death of Dr. Silvio Dala in Luanda.
Photo by Simão Hossi, CC-BY 3.0
Protests against the death of Dr. Silvio Dala hiko Luanda.
Photo by Simão Hossi, CC-BY 3.0
Since the start of the crown crash in Angola, several police visa has been to use great force while carrying out inspections and sometimes leading to civilian deaths.
Speaking to Lusa, the Brigadeiro 10 Pacotes, whose real name is Bruno Santos, Lugarinho told him to be resigned and also asked the police school to update his training structure.
Police Army is an institution that should give citizens courage, but today citizens lack courage, i.e. they are afraid to meet with the police, he ended up saying.
Protests against the death of Dr. Silvio Dala in Luanda.
Photo by Simão Hossi, CC-BY 3.0
A lot of people protested on Facebook and WhatsApp to protest the incident.
Author and citizen Nuno Álvaro Dala wrote on Facebook:
NCHI police arrested and arrested by Dr. Dalai Lama
The pictures are strong and strong.
Everyone must be righteous.
Police of the country must be charged with the crimes committed.
Things cannot continue to be like that.
On Twitter, Isabel dos Santos, former chairman of the Board of Directors of Sonangol Petroleum Industry, daughter of former president José Eduardo dos Santos, said:
#EuSouSilvioDala sábado anunciada manifestação pacífica e silenciosa pelo Sindicato Nacional dos Médicos de Angola (SINMEA),convidando todos profesionales de saúde,outros sindicatos e sociedade civil, contra a violência policial em memória de Sílvio Dala, 12:30hLargo da Mutamba pic.twitter.com/blRs117IdY
Isabel Dos Santos (@isabelaangola) September 11, 2020
I am silent.
On Saturday, the Angola Doctors' Party (SINMEA) announced a quiet and peaceful silence calling on health workers, other parties and civil institutions to resist police attacks as a sign of the remembrance of Dr. Silvio Dala, at 6:30 a.m. in Largo da Mutamba
News: Angolaans entered the streets in opposition to police aggression and demanded murder.
At the same time, also on Tweeter Alejandro promised the participation of rural stimulants in Angola in this event:
When o George Floyd foi morto os chamados Influencers Angolanos mostraram o seu apoio ao movimento Black Lives Matter, mas com a morte do medico angolano Sílvio Dala os tais irmãos influencers não fazem nada em relação a perda!
Ale Alejandro (@AlejandroCutieG) September 7, 2020
When George Floyd killed those calling the Angola stimulants on the ground they promised to support the White Life process, but in the death of the Angola doctor Silvio Dala, these brothers don’t do anything about this accident!
Hachalu Hundessa was interviewed with OMN through Firaabeek Entertainment / CC BY 3.0.
This is a two-part analysis of Hachalu Hundessa, a popular Oromo musician whose murder has led to religious and ethnic violence due to incorrect reports published on social media.
Read the second part here.
The great ethopic musician Hachalu Hundessa gained popularity by using his creativity and talent to recognize the public about the people of Oromo.
He was killed in Ethiopia's capital Addis Ababa on June 29 this year.
At three and a half a.m., when Hachalu fell in his car, a man known as Tilahun Yami walked towards his car and shot him.
He was arrested in a nearby hospital where it was officially confirmed that he died.
It was later found that the shooting destroyed its inner joints very badly.
Police chief Addis Ababa that two suspects were arrested.
After a few days the government authorities sentenced the murderers along with their two partners.
In his death, the land entered the difficult time of asking for the subsequent harassment.
The fact is that Hachalu’s murder has not been well revealed and its consequences have also begun to spread after politicians and politicians put a strong emphasis on the existing conflict between the top leaders of Oromo and Amahara, which is the largest ethnicity in Ethiopia.
On the day of its rescue, the terrorists fled into the streets of Addis Ababa and other cities surrounding the province of Oromo.
The morning came to Oromia Media Network (OMN), where then Hachalu made his last interview they broadcast commercial advertisements via the radio and also the networks and showed when his message was transferred from Addis Ababa to their home in Ambo.
These very unpleasant announcements have become a field of struggle between government authorities and opposition leaders, in spite of where Hachalu and the OMN were specifically linked to shut down their announcements; they were alleged to be forced to return to Addis Ababa.
Ten people were killed and several injured in Addis Ababa.
The protest aimed at the arrest of some of the opposition leaders including Jawar Mohammed, who is the leader of the OMN and also the opposition leader Bekele Gerba, where they were accused of harassment.
The rise increased after the government authorities regained the body of Hachalu and sent them to the city of Ambo through a helicopter, where both sides also continued to gather together and give the family the opportunity to give their younger brothers a prayer.
After that, violence and struggle followed.
The struggles took three days that hit some areas of the towns of Oromo and Addis Ababa and the real destruction was: 239 people were killed and hundreds were wounded, more than 7,000 people were arrested for causing violence and the destruction of property worth millions of birr, the money of Ethiopia.
On June 30, the government tried to blame the internet to prevent the spread of the incentive to make violence on social networks and last for three weeks.
A number of people were shot by security authorities but some sources from the Voice of America and Addis Standard that angry groups from the Oromo tribe attacked people from different groups of cities and towns born of people of different beliefs, in the Southeast of the Oromo city, primarily the families of non-Romans and non-Muslims in the area.
Most of them were in the camp with a mixture of Amahara-Oromo people and the religion could have been taken a great place due to the existing understanding that: the Southeast Oromo community is recognized by the intersection of Islamic religion with the users of the Afan-Oromo language.
One farmer of these areas said that we thought Hachalu was a Muoromo after looking at directly broadcast advertisements relating to the Hachalu village activities that followed the events of the Ethiopian Tewahedo Orthodox Church.
According to the report, the majority of the victims of these violence were Amhar Christian, Orom Christian and Gurage people.
One witness said that the groups destroyed and burned the property and committed murder by cutting the legs and legs of the victims.
Prognosis of the interview
When the reports of Hachalu’s murder were only arrived, the news source of the Diaspora Moromo involved his death and the final interview made by Hachalu and the OMN call center led by Guyo Wariyo, and was disclosed a week before Hachalu was not killed.
During the interview Gayo repeatedly asked Hachalu questions about his support for the ruling party and also repeatedly insisted that he was answering.
Hachalu refused to join the ruling party but also criticized conflicts and conflicts in the Oromo political parties, promoting the freedom of mind as a musician that made it the foundation of online attacks until the day he died.
However, Guyo asked Hachalu about the historic assassination of the Oromo people and King Menelik II who built the present Ethiopia.
Hachalu surprised many audiences saying that the farce planted by Menelik in the painting in Addis Ababa was the property of an Oromo farmer named Sida Debelle, and Menelik destroyed the farce.
The responses included criticism and criticism from various people on Facebook and Twitter.
When Hachalu was killed a week later, many of the Oromo people who lived abroad felt that Hachalu’s action to criticize the painting of Menelik II disrupted those who supported the royal Ethiopia and led to his death.
In social media the citizens engaged with what Hachalu said against Menelik, and this led to the spread of a crowd with many false reports.
Another part of the interview has provided information on issues related to conflicts and conflicts within the Romanian community.
In all the interviews, Guyo greatly emphasized Hachalu about the political changes that are ongoing in the country and about the tendency to oppose the government by asking a question about Prime Minister Abiy Ahmed, who is Muoromo and whether the government has been able to fulfill the demands of the Oromo people since he entered office in 2018.
Hachalu repeatedly said he was not involved in the politics of the oromans but criticized all those who condemned Abiy's behavior.
He defended his position against the leading opposition leaders associated with the Tigray People's Liberation Front (TPLF), which had once been in conflict with the major historic Ethiopian People's Revolutionary Front (EPRDF).
TPLF became an opposition party after Abiy supported the EPRDF.
Hachalu also spoke about the ongoing political violence in the Oromo region including all sides, i.e. government authorities and militants of the left-wing Oromo Liberation Front (OLF) group where also (known as OLF-Shane).
Following the assassination of Hachalu, the government was able to take a 71-minute interview frame and dismiss it to the public.
The site includes a mass threat message used by Hachalu from the western parts of Oromo, where the OLF-Shane militants are carrying out their activities.
Hachalu said he believed he would not be discovered in the countryside if he would blame OLF-Shane.
He directly talked about the conflict between him and Getachew Assefa, the Ethiopian General Security Officer during the TPLF period.
Guyo, who announced the interview on his Facebook page by saying he must see a few days before he was released, has been arrested by the police since that time and the government is doing a 71 minute search of the interview to find investigations that will help find a solution to the source of Hachalu’s murder.
Read more about the damage caused by the murder of Hachalu Hundessa in Part II.
Photo from the Guardian YouTube video about female abuse.
The COVID-19 catastrophe has greatly affected women’s rights in the Middle East and North Africa; from increasing domestic harassment to losing their jobs.
But there is one obvious area where women are affected by which the abuse is, and this is after the collapse of the Crown crash and keeps the stages of dealing with it.
In April, the United Nations announced that in the absence of the damage caused by the efforts to fight the crown crash, there are 2 million degradation visas that are believed to occur in the future where it will be prevented as crown degradation by developing a plan and degradation and degradation efforts.
Reduction involves activity of partially cutting or completely removing an external part of the vagina, or narrowing parts of the vagina without any connection or no idea of prevention, according to the World Health Organization (WHO).
This act is a genetic and religious culture that is rooted throughout Africa, the Middle East and Asia, and is made by traditional peasants, peasants using peasants, peasants or peasants.
The cessation is also known as the cessation of secret sections is strongly believed to be one of the accusations against girls and women, and it is still very little, in the Middle East.
It is estimated that at least 200 million women have been affected.
This is well stated by UNICEF in a video:
In the region of the Middle East and North Africa, the decline is a problem that mainly spreads the countries of Egypt, Sudan, Yemen, Iraq and Djibouti.
Carlos Javier Aguilar, Child Protection Advisor explains more,
Somalia is believed to have the highest number of victims of abuse, where 98 percent of women aged 15 to 49 have been abused.
In Djibouti, it is estimated that 93 percent of victims, Egypt 92, Sudan 88, Mauritania 69, Yemen 19 percent and Iraq 7 percent, according to figures released in June by the United Nations Population Organization (UNFPA).
This practice varies depending on the social, tribal and even the level of education in each country and in urban or rural areas.
Reduction often occurs among the poorest people or in families that are unemployed in rural areas.
In Yemen, the crash has been rooted in the Gulf countryside but occurs slightly in the northern areas.
In Iraq, this act is widely spread on the north side of the Kurdish province.
Here Egypt is most attended for girls living in the northern region of Egypt.
In Mauritania, more than 90 percent of women from the poorest families have been degraded, compared to 37 percent of women from high-income families.
Previous Post:Less reporting
The extent and intensity of the decrease will be reduced due to the world’s absence of a real picture of the completed decrease, according to a joint report from March, approved by the Equality Now, the European Decrease Network and the U.S. Decrease Network.
The report pointed out that this culture is growing and also occurs in the Middle East and Asia, and the world has surely stopped the decline.
Currently conducted small surveys show that cessations are also taking place in Iran, including all the Gulf countries such as Kuwait, Arab Emirates, Oman and Saudi Arabia.
Divya Srinivasan from Commonwealth Now told Reuters that he was highly annoyed by the results of the small survey from areas such as Omani and Saudi Arabia where it is usually not the areas that can get mindful about the issue of the Disruption
This report was published when the COVID-19 crash was accelerated in the Middle East and was not published or interpreted even a little by Arab media and social media.
The lack of understanding of society about disagreement can prove the idea that disagreement is not a matter of absolute disagreement.
Social Years
In the Middle East, there are cities surrounding the bodies of women where it is forbidden to discuss publicly secret things such as abuse where you are bound by religious, religious and cultural beliefs.
For example, in Egypt Christians and Muslims together believe that the abuse of girls makes them boys more anticipated and oppressive and evil, they also fear that their daughters will not be delivered if they are not abused, according to a report from the Middle East Abuse Campaign, a campaign that was launched in 2013 to give the community understanding of the abuse and also tell the world that the abuse is not only in Africa but also in many countries of the Middle East and Asia.
The institution is continuing to collect more disaster information and has developed a way of collecting information that will help one person or groups of people to make a small investigation on disaster.
People are continuing to avoid conversations with the topics of suspicion that may only be the incident in the media as the death of a 12-year-old daughter who died after being killed in the south of Egypt in February, so people are talking.
Guida Hussein, Egyptian student, told Global Voices that:
Because we don’t talk about this, it’s like this problem is not at all.
The cutting takes place quietly behind the closed doors.
It comes away from the cities where the politicians and politicians live.
Reduction is a difficult thing and the international community is asking for financial support and stimulation, but it doesn’t see a society that is controlled by the male class paying this priority.
The crossing of the seats and speaking about the crossing makes them human rights defenders attacked in the languages of wrath and denial.
In Omani, women’s rights activist Habiba al Hinai, the founder of the Omani Human Rights Institute, conducted a small survey in 2017 in Omani and found that 78 percent of women were depressed.
After publishing the results of his research online, Habiba received attacks and threats:
I posted the results of your online research and the result was great.
I was attracted by religious confessors who said that abuse was part of the worship of the Muslims.
In Omani, where the suspension is not officially identified, there is no protection for the victims.
He added this in his statement:
It’s how you can tell him the manuscript tells him about the disappearance and then overcome with all of these consequences to be saved, the disappearance of even the family or relatives have been able to completely disappear, even your husband can disappear—if there is no formal way of supporting.
I will not expect these women to stand and talk with courage and face society.
It’s hard, it’s hard, it’s hard, it’s hard.
In Yemen and the United Arab Countries, the decrease has been carried out at the sole health institutions, but not at home.
In Mauritania, there is a legal blockade but it is not distributed directly.
In Iraq, the restriction has been distributed there in the Kurdish religious state, but it is still legitimate in the central area of Iraq.
There were signs of disruption.
Years after the establishment of the women’s rights institution, Egypt ended the decrease in 2008.
Sudan if in the period of political transition after 30 years of dictatorship, it was the first to spread the decrease that April.
But the enforcement of the law is a big challenge because the reduction is still at a high level and it is acceptable that it has also increased for a large part.
Although the law is not a very important weapon but it is still not prosecuting.
The country needs a plan and increasing national strategy to involve police, courts, healthcare providers, counseling and providing education to the social community.
A series of regional disasters and dictatorship authorities have included changes that prevent the campaign and resources for women’s violence and corruption.
Now all the eyes of the world are focused on the fight against COVID-19 and its impact on the economy and many programs that are directly involved with the rights of women in a dangerous environment and providing social services have been suspended to or no priority anymore.
With a lot of poor families and a lot of girls dismissed from school or childhood marriage, the disagreement is as if you continue to find an unknown place in this field.
Photo of Abubakar Idris Dadiyata, used with permission from The SignalNg.
Abubakar Idris Dadiyata, a famous observer and critic of the Nigerian government was sent home on August 1, 2019, in Barnawa near Kaduna, northeastern Nigeria.
A year after his arrest, he was still unavailable.
Abubakar Idris (Didiyata) was placed home in the province of Kaduna, Nigeria.
His actions are still unknown.
Her family and friends want answers to their questions which are: where is @dadiyata?
Abubakar is the victim of the lost #DayLet's Lost #Let's Lost
Dadiyata was a student at the Dutsinma Public University, in the state of Katsina.
As a member of the People's Democratic Party (People's Democratic Party), Dadiyata has always been associated with members of the All Progressive Congress Party (All Progressive Congress Party) in social media.
Read more: Fear will rise against the kidnapping of Nigerian government critic
All state and government institutions are not threatened by anything.
Dadiyata was strongly taken by the consumers at 7 a.m. on night when he arrived at his home, a year ago on August 1, 2019, the Premium Times.
Dadiyata's wife, Kadija in an interview with the BBC news association remembered that her husband was talking with the phone while the engine of her car if it was still stumbling, being arrested by the persons.
Although Kadija couldn’t hear what was talking about or who was talking to him on the phone, she remembered that her husband’s supporters were watching him and came home.
The wife of Dadiyata remained looking at their house when her husband was taken and leaving the prisoners.
The worst thing is that there is no information about it.
It is terrible, how their children are continuing to ask their lost father, Kadija told the BBC.
In search of Dadiyata, Nigeria’s defence institutions have continued to devote themselves to any kind of charges related to its loss.
The Ministry of National Defence of Nigeria, until January, continued to refuse to put Dadiyata in prison.
The Department of National Defence says that because Dadiyata was taken home with armed people does not mean that these people are employees of the Department of National Defence.
As well as the main lawyer of Kaduna State, Aisha Dikko, refused to know he was or was involved in anything in the extinction of Dadiyata.
For everyone it is opposite and it is a fine view to believe that since it was placed in the province of Kaduna then the province government is responsible, said Dikko.
However, the uncertainty of involvement in National Security and the government of the province of Kaduna did not stop the sonication of Dadiyata’s wife and their two children and did not defend her freedom.
The demands for the dismissal of Dadiyata are still being posted on Twitter pages with the hashtag #MoneyMoneyMoneyMoneyMoneyMoneyMoneyMoneyMoneyMoneyMoneyMoneyMoneyMoneyMoneyMoneyMoneyMoney.
Bulama Bukarti complained of the pain that this migration caused the family of Dadiyata:
It is surprising how Mania could be lost in this way.
We must continue to do everything we can to connect Dadiyata with his family.
There is no possibility of such migration.
Those who have made it will come to pay the cost.
If not now, then it must be later.
The Twitter user said after hearing Dadiyata's wife's interview:
I was excited to hear Dadiyata's wife spoke with @bbchausa, this morning.
The only thing she asks is forgiveness and allowing her husband to join her family, especially her young children.
Akin Akíntáhọ doesn't know how Dadiyata could lose unknown that he was all over the year:
One question I ask is how did Dadiyata and his car have been lost without leaving the mark for a whole year again in Nigeria; and even the government is not worried about this, it is more trying to get enough instead of taking the responsibility to find him because he was built for them because of his criticism?
Unfortunately, it’s as bad as no one is looking for the critic:
His representative of all government institutions of the state and the main government are fighting to avoid corruption without doing anything said human rights activist Professor Chidi Odinkalu in his interview with Vyral Africa:
Besides saying that they don’t know where he is, no one has shown us efforts to tell us what they’ve done exactly to get him and how they don’t have to get involved with him.
This shows you how we do not mean as a small citizen.
The little thing we can do is ask where Dadiyata is and why does our government not look for it?
Students in the Province of Kaduna, Nigeria.
Photo by Jeremy Weate, January 15, 2010 via Flickr / CC BY 2.0.
Armed forces invaded a secondary school in Kaduna, northeastern Nigeria on August 24 and killed one man and kidnapped four students and a teacher, a news source, SaharaReporters,.
The armed people arrived and attacked the village of Damba-Kasaya in the municipality of Chikun, the province of Kaduna at 1.45 a.m. on a picnic and it was to have killed Benjamin Auta, who is a farmer, according to the online newspaper Premium Times.
The armed people went to Prince's secondary school where they met Christianah Madugu and four students who are Favour Danjuma, 9, Miracle Danjuma, 13, Happy Odoji, 14, and Ezra Bako, 15.
His father Happy, Isaka Odoji, told Daily Trust, the daily newspaper of Nigeria that these investors are asking for a sum of $20 million (including $53,000 in U.S.) to leave their children free, but they are never able to gather that amount.
The dismissed students were doing their exam to complete their basic education.
Due to the coronary disease, the only students who graduated from school were allowed to return to school.
The government and the province of Kaduna remained silent about the deaths of those students who were arrested along with their teachers.
It's a regular day in Nigeria
The Twitter user, Ah Kato, said this incident is harmful to the Nation:
Today in the province of Kaduna, children in graduate classes who were ordered to continue their studies were trapped by armed people.
One was to be killed, the life of the young man was lost, and others left them and maybe we won’t see them again.
This has to disrupt any nation.
But it’s still the usual day that Nigeria announced a Twitter user, Chima Chigozie:
Some of the students were placed in Kaduna, one of the male students was killed during the incident.
The child's life was overwhelmed, this was supposed to be the nation, but NO, this is a normal day in Nigeria.
The judgment is politically incurred by causing the public to lack compassion and anger against this dismissal of students:
The kidnapped Kaduna boys will not get the mercy they found the Chibok girls because the first are boys and the second Goodluck Jonathan (GEJ) is not President.
Goodluck Ebele Jonathan (GEJ) was president, when 276 girls from government schools were kidnapped by Boko Haram, from the northeastern city of Chiboko in April 2014.
This acquisition has led to a process that has spread around the world with the hashtag #ReturnMabintiZetu achieved by millions of people around the world.
Read more: Protesters Celebrate the Restoration of 82 Chibok Girls Who Were In The Hands Of Boko Haram
Also February 19, 2018, Boko Haram arrested 110 female students from a girl school of science and engineering in Dapchi, Yobe, north-eastern Nigeria.
Read more: Students killed by Boko Haram in Nigeria
The association of Damba-Kasaya students and their teachers is a terrible event that has been repeated.
The only difference is that now those involved in this terrible incident are not Boko Haram but armed soldiers.
The Emperor of Kaduna
Military strikes flew north-eastern Nigeria in the provinces of Zamfara, Kaduna, Niger, Sokoto, Kebbi and Katsina.
ACAPS is an independent humanitarian organization, which has confirmed that these violence is not related to the rebellion of Boko Haram in the North East:
These threats began as a conflict between peasants and farmers in 2011 and increased between 2017 and 2018 involving peasants, refuge for self-funding, rape and murder.
By March 2020, more than 210,000 people have become domestic refugees.
In the middle of January and June this year, 1,126 people were killed from northern Nigeria.
The city in the south of Kaduna is the most affected, with 366 people killed in the first half of 2020, the International Human Rights Organization said.
Chikun LGA, the home of the kidnapped students has been covered by attacks from terrorist groups that have prevented kidnapping and deaths along with 45 groups fleeing their homes where they have been thrown since 2019, according to reports of the people’s coalition in the south of Kaduna.
The people in the south of Kaduna claim that these soldiers are Fulan tribe refugees who have a land-building strategy, supported and uninterrupted by the major government and the province.
But the governor of the province of Kaduna, Nasir El-Rufai, refused the migration to be associated with a plan of land refinement or to be challenged by religious conflicts.
On August 22, the government of the province of Kaduna ordered people to leave from 12 a.m. to 12 a.m., where in some areas it is alleged to be part of the government’s strategy to end migration.
However, the spokesman for the Southern Kaduna People's Union, Luka Binniyat, complained that hunger also kills us because people don't like their stakes, our people have completely missed hope.
Prophet Henry Swapon and lawyer Imtiaz Mahmood.
This link is of their very popular photos on social networks.
Two people were arrested on May 14 and 15 for posting their comments on their Facebook pages.
The arrest brought questions among the community in the social media.
Assassination of Messiah Henry Swapon
On May 14, the messenger and journalist Henry Swapon was arrested at his home in the city of Barishal, in the central district of southern Bangladesh.
He has been convicted of violating the National Security Act in Bangladesh.
As a member of a small Christian community, Swapon initially accused him and his cousins Alfred and Jewel Satkat of disturbing the faithful feelings of Muslims and Christians in social media.
Bangladeshi journalist and editor Henry Swapan has been arrested under the Internet Security Act!
#MessageFree #Bulgaria #Bulgariablogger #Free Comments pic.twitter.com/MGoCec2nsR
According to the Dhaka Tribune, Swapon placed a ban on his Facebook page criticizing Lawrence Subrata Howlader, who is the Catholic Church's Archbishop in the Barishal Dayosisi.
Askofu chose to take a cultural event in one of the Catholic churches on 22 April 2019, just one day after the terrorist attack in Sri Lanka.
Swapon believed that Askofu would stop the show in honor of the lives of hundreds of people lost in the attack.
Some Christians expressed the language used to Askof and others even threatened to kill.
Swapon has been a very speaking countryside relying on all kinds of humility and corruption in their city.
Swakrito Noman wrote on Facebook:
Within Bangladesh, the strategy of attacking terrorists by allowing them to undermine religious feelings has become common for Muslim leaders.
Now we see even those unchanged Christians who have begun to use this method.
I think those who hate this kind of criticism are mental patients.
The government is preparing for the treatment of these patients.
We strongly rely on the arrest of the messenger Henry Swapon and we want him to be released quickly without any conditions.
Advocate Imtiaz Mahmood arrested
In the morning of May 15, the police arrested Supreme Court lawyer and writer Imtiaz Mahmud under a paragraph of the 2017 law that is not currently applied, the News, Communications and Technology law where, one citizen, Shafiqul Islam, complained that a few of Mahmood's posts on Facebook disrupted his feelings of confidence and committed crime in the south-eastern region of Chittagong, Bangladesh.
Imtiaz Mahmood received a guarantee for the time the case was first filed but the Khagrachhari court issued a rearrest order contrary to that of January 2019.
Mahmood contributed his opinions during the mass shock that occurred after the Bengal leader was killed in Khagrachhari, causing a Bengal group to burn several houses and shops of Rangamati residents in Chittagong.
The sources told Dhaka Tribune that the police did not take any measures to prevent the incident.
Hundreds of such charges were opened from 2013 to 2018, when the Information and Communications Act was altered by the Internet Security Act.
Bangladesh is destroying social networks.
Police have made a second arrest within two days under the Internet Security Act.
The writer Imtiaz Mahmood was arrested for a lawsuit under the law of News and Communications on Wednesday morning.
#FreeExplain #ICTLawhttps://t.co/eH8H38unCr
Reporter Meher Afroz Shao wrote on Facebook:
He loves the mountains and the people who live there.
They write about their rights.
I have never seen the words of the struggle in his writings.
There is a big mistake.
I think the mistakes are quickly corrected.
PS: I have seen a lot of posts on Facebook that have a hard language and discrimination within it.
If these people were arrested today, will the arrest documents be issued out there?
Many citizens of the countryside relied on the arrest of the two, seeking the law to be removed.
Bangladeshi immigrant Leesa Gazi said:
It is very bad.
The government of Bangladesh is unable to ensure public security but is trying to arrest people under the law of the Security Guard that is contrary to the Spirit of the Constitution of Bangladesh.
HTTPS://t.co/1sFKY10OPV
News Reporter Probhash Amin wrote on Facebook:
After the messenger Henry Swapon, the lawyer Imtiaz Mahmood (arrested).
Freedom of speech has been reduced.
I want all the violent laws to be followed.
I want freedom of speech.
I want Henry Swapon and Imtiaz Mahmood to be released immediately.
Despite demonstrating that the law depends on freedom of expression, the Bangladeshi parliament approved the Internet Security Act in September 2018.
This law took the place of the other law of news and technology management, which was also used as a tool to disrupt critics.
This law condemns some interdisciplinary conversations, ranging from gambling to emotional and religious ethical conversations, which also lists great benefits.
It also allows long-term imprisonment for misuse of the network to cause violence in the community and by collecting, sending and storing information and documents from the government through digital services.
The Bangladesh Reform Council said that the law is contrary to the constitutional freedom, the freedom of the media and the freedom of speech.
Read more: Manifesters of Freedom of Expression Bangladesh say one digital security law is intended to violate
The law gives very great authority to the law enforcement institutions to set up investigation for anyone whose activities are considered to be harmful and are a threat to security.
of Khartoum, Sudan.
Photo by Christopher Michel from Flickr under CC BY 2.0.
After the Sudan Revolution, Sudan’s transitional authorities have signed a peace agreement with the Sudan Revolutionary Front, which continued with its operations even after the expulsion of its former leader Omar al-Bashir, last year.
This historic peace agreement was signed on August 31, in the city of Juba, South Sudan where it is supported by regional and international communities such as the African countries, the European Union, Egypt and some countries of the Gulf.
Also this exciting thing was overwhelmed by the period of historical floods that affected some areas of Sudan, leading to the continued collapse of the economy that was already admirable.
However, Sudanese citizens are still celebrating the news in the countryside.
The Sudanese blog Waleed Ahmed wrote:
Today we go home, we go home.
Video that shows the Army (Sudan Liberation Movement (SLMAA) led by Minawi announced to keep the weapons down on December 16, 2019, to support the revolutionary movements.
Mini Arko Minawi, the leader of SLMA, wrote:
The Mini Arko Minawi.
Yesterday’s signature will put Sudan in a new direction, in the parties and for the people of Sudan, organizations and social parties in cooperation with friends and neighboring regions.
We need to build a platform for the new history of our country.
Sudan's Prime Minister Abdalla Hamdok called for the peace agreement by saying:
I send the peace that we have signed today in our country of Sudan to our children who have been born in the refuge and in the camps, to the fathers and mothers who wish their villages and their cities to look forward to the glorious December revolution, the promise of return, the promise of justice and the promise of development and security.
These agreements guarantee the freedom of self-government of rebellion groups in the areas they are detained under the supervision of the main government.
The agreement will ensure that one-third of the parliaments are people from the rebellion areas to present their needs and issues.
The agreement also guarantees justice and equality to all those who have been charged by the previous leadership most of them are non-Muslims or people of non-Arabic origin.
This is not the first peace agreement in the history of Sudan.
Some citizens have said that a peace agreement is a normal cycle in Sudan and could lead to peace and peace.
Inbal Ben Yehuda wrote:
What happens once every 5-9 years is not a matter of history is just a cycle.
The 2006 Abu Dhabi Peace Agreement
The 2011 Doha Peace Agreement
The 2020 Peace Agreement
Wait before celebrating.
The agreement is not concluded.
With the presence of this exciting event, two groups of rebels don’t have to sign this agreement.The SLMA group led by Abdul Wahid al-Nur, and the Northern Sudanese Freedom Movement Party (SPLM-N), led by Abdelaziz al-Hilu, all surrendered due to the absence of some questions about the coalition military operating system and the identity of the country.
Three days after the signing of the peace agreement, the Prime Minister of Sudan visited Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, to meet with al-Hilu to discuss the conflict on the basis of the Sudanese Treaty.
On Wednesday, Prime Minister Abdullah Hamdok held a secret meeting with Abdel Aziz al-Hilu as an attempt to remove barriers in the peace talks conducted by the South Sudan government.
This meeting led to the signing of a treaty that would preserve respect for the peace agreement held in Juba.
Sudan's social media was thrilled by distributing a copy of the agreement written to the English lugjs, which was included in the 3th item discussing religious and religious issues:
A democratic nation must be established in Sudan.
For Sudan as a democratic nation where the rights of all peoples are respected, the constitution must be the foundation of building peace and prosperity where individual rights must be respected.
Freedom of faith and worship and religious activities are given to all citizens of Sudan.
The government does not establish a national religion, no man will be elected because of his religion.
Sudanese citizens are divided into two groups in this regard: the first group considers that building citizenship and religion is the fundamental element of human rights; the second group considers that the transitional government has no authority to make decisions on this subject without the permission of citizens through democratic elections.
After the meeting, the Prime Minister's Twitter page posted a copy of the agreement in Arabic, where its contents were different from those in the text written in English.
While in the English version the emphasis was placed on showing that it is impossible to distinguish religion and religion, in the Arabic version it suggests discussions on this comprehensive issue.
The difference in these two versions has raised many questions about the outcome of this agreement.
Historical Peace, Historical Storm
While peace brings happiness in Sudan, the Nile River continues to flourish bringing unpredictable disasters to humanity.
According to the report of September 8, the National Defence Council, as a result of the flood, killed 103 people, injured 50, injured 5,482, houses 27,341 completely exploded and houses 42,210 half exploded, government buildings and private institutions 179 were damaged, shops and property 359 were damaged and gasoline 4,208 plants were damaged by the flood.
YouStorm on its Twitter page posted a video comparing the waterfall in the Nile River on July 16 and August 16:
Floods in the Nile River in Sudan on July 16 compared to August 30 #Sentinel2 north of Khartoum.
Created by #EOBrowser @sentinel_hub #Sudanfloods pic.twitter.com/l8LRNBFY9m
On September 3, Sinnar County Governor Ustadhi Elmahi Sulieman announced a hazardous situation on his Facebook page:
The amount of water in the Nile River this night increased due to heavy rainfall that led to the collapse of the rocks and defence walls, which are a small basin built with stumbled basins of the city of Singa and the areas of Umm Benin, and the water began to flow in the city and in the houses of the people.
So then we give guidelines to all government authorities and private organizations to emerge and come to help rescue citizens as soon as possible and also provide them with refuge, food and care.
The situation is terrible:
In the province of Sinnar, the city of Singa, the situation is terrible after the rain breaks its blockage wall so allowing water from the Nile River to enter the city.
Sudanese youths from the island of Tuti built a wall to prevent flood water from entering their islands.
It was a striking act, Hassan Shaggag said:
These are the ones who will build Sudan, and these are the ones who are now candidates for the government.
Sudanese citizens have a shortage of essential needs such as bread, gas, drugs and electricity—after the power supply for six hours a day.
Sudan's currency decline has now increased by 202, according to Professor Steve Hanke.
However, the transitional government has not yet been able to control the market.
Now again there is a promise of peace, what exactly is the government’s strategy to make the lives of citizens easier?
The student leader Jutatip Sirikhan was dismissed in black as a sign of swelling after he was released.
Photos and details from Prachatai
This article is from Prachatai, a free news source in Thailand, if edited and published by Global Voices as part of the content sharing agreement.
Thai Student Union President Jutatip Sirikhan was arrested on the way to the street on September 1, for taking part in a massive demonstration on July 18.
Jutatip was arrested in a car leading to a classroom at the Thammasat University campus of Tha Prachan in Bangkok.
He entered a trade on his Facebook page at 7:50 a.m. on September 1, when the soldiers attacked the civilians when they stopped the taxi that he had dropped and showed him the termination document.
Jutatip was taken to the police station of lSamranrat.
A police officer led him to the road with another taxi because he didn’t feel safe to ride a private car that had arrived by the soldiers who had arrived.
He continued to be a trader on his Facebook page, reading the news section The Knowledge of Countries translated to Kithailand and Thomas Paine.
He was sent to a criminal court in Bangkok and was guaranteed and released at 11.20 a.m. under the supervision of Madhiri from the University of Thammasat.
The court did not ask him to pay a total of 100,000 baht (including $3,190) for the guarantee, but it was placed a condition that it should not repeat the mistakes it committed that the conditions were granted to each arrested and released for the charges.
Jutatip is a 14 activist arrested for taking part in the massive protests of July 18.
15 other participants in the protests received an invitation and reporters at the Samranrat police station to hear their accusations on August 28.
Jutatip was convicted of abuse, suspension of the Emergency Order and the Infectious Disease Act, as well as other charges.
Jutatip left before the criminal court after being released and held a brief meeting with the media.
Color can be cleaned, but we can’t clean humidity
I didn’t want to run from the beginning.
I knew I was arrested.
I’ve been waiting to be arrested for a long time, but it didn’t happen until today.
Every time one person is arrested, there must be a bad word that we have not spoken peacefully.
I am a student and I have been trained by soldiers for months, for several years.
Why is there no help for me?
Why is there only a rescue for the police who are the dictatorship servants?
The first call was required, but what happened was that the police came with the arrest document directly.
It is the highest level for the student.
They followed my phone contact from the beginning of my life.
They sent people home to me, my family, and they sent my arrest documents home so now we have to start our protests.
Everything is according to the Constitution.
We pay our taxes, we have to start and the government is not legalized by the government.
So today, I explained by indicating that we can do this.
We must stand for our rights and freedoms.
Coloring is also something that can be done.
Then Jutatip swallowed a black-colored brother on his body, and he stretched his hand up, and throwed three bottles of greetings for the Hunger Games.
He said that the black color represents fairness and justice, and they demand rebellious justice.
We show that this is true, this is the kind of interpretation that we can do.
Even if it’s colored right now, it’s a way to show that we can colored at any time.
We can dismiss those who have authority because they advise us and encourage us to shoot at any time, regardless of the fact that they have authority.
The color can be cleaned but the humidity cannot be cleaned.
After that, Jutatip thanked Mhadhiri who placed a guarantee with the people who came to support and help the crowd cleanse the color that had been on the way of walking on foot before the court.
We will not stop struggling until we do everything, including the reform of the kingdom and the new constitution, he said.
Screenshots from the video on YouTube, and VideoVolunteers.
This post was written by Grace Jolliffe and initially and originally posted by Video Volunteers, a award-winning international networking group with its headquarters in India.
The proposed version was published below as part of the joint venture agreement.
While India passed a seven-stage general election period from 11 April to 19 May 2019 to elect its seventh parliament (Lok Sabha), some Indian voters have taken an unusual fault by opening up electoral activities.
Read more: Everything you want to know about India's 2019 presidential election
Huko Goa, the southern province of India, a small village in the district of Cancona, the village of Marlem refused to vote on April 23 in the third stage of the general election with claims that the government has become the problem to be in their villages.
Their major complaints are that the demands and essential services such as good roads and clean and safe water services have never been delivered by the government.
Video of the Social Affairs Advertiser Devidas Gaonkar, the birth of the Greek pensionist tribe named Velip, shows a picture of these citizens:
In this video, Pandurang Gaonkar, Marli’s village resident said that:
Starting from Tirwal to Marlem is only three kilometers of road but not completed.
So far, no measures have been taken by the relevant authorities.
They only give us false promises without fulfilment.
And that’s why we don’t vote.
Marlem’s village residents have been living in the village for more than 20 years now.
In 1968, the forest department declared the village of Marlem as a safe area for cattle.
This makes the construction of a road or any development work in this area difficult to implement.
According to the report, it is that the plan to approve the power supply is satisfied so that it can reach the area has been dismissed but has recently been removed due to interference from the National Military Department
Another source of sadness for the residents here is the lack of good roads.
A person is required to travel from the main road a distance of 2.8 kilometers on a bad road and which is not well arranged so that he can find the first house in the village of Marlem.
Finally, the supply of clean and safe electricity and water to citizens remains a challenge for citizens.
Despite keeping their complaints public on a regular basis, but failing to find answers to their demands, the inhabitants of Marlem, along with the inhabitants of the other two villages, decided not to vote to shut the ears of authority against the matters they complain.
The staff of the election committee came to talk to us about our decision not to vote and our position is there, added Pandurang.
Isidore Fernandes, the opposition leader from the party (Indian National Congress) who is a parliamentary member of the Cancona parliament, also met with the residents of the area.
After hearing their talk, he assured that he would help deal with the joke.
It is essential for any government to build roads, distribute electricity and water for their people.
So far all government officials have failed to provide these services in the village of Marlem, Fernandes said.
The rule of law has now been as one of the ways of shaking, although voting is not necessary in the country of India.
Unlike the villages of Goa, villages in the central Madhya Pradesh, the western Maharashtra, and the eastern Odisha have been using this approach to enable them to consider their important issues in front of the leaders of the competent authorities.
However, there is no wowowow between this that has been taken action by the government.
Many voters have begun to use this method as a sign of their anger to politicians and government officials who are angry to the community in the election period hoping to get their votes, while fail to fulfill their promises after the election.
But in the end, if the Choice Conduct does not lead to a change in society, what will socialists decide to do to shut down the ears of the authorities who should hear their voice and take implementation measures?
Publisher Amade Abubacar.
Photo by: caiccajuda / YouTube.
News journalists Amade Abubacar and Germano Adriano, who were arrested early this year while collecting news of the military crisis in the northern region of Mumbai, were released without prosecution on April 23, 2019.
Amade, who has been contributing news in remote news sources including Zitamar News and A Carta, was imprisoned on January 5 when he made interviews with local refugees from the Macomia district in the northern province of the country, Cabo Delgado.
Germano, who is a journalist of the Nacedje community radio station, has been missing since February 6 and was found in prison on February 18.
According to reports from the South African News Federation (MISA), Amade and Germano were accused of disseminating news about some of the leaders of the Mumbai Civil Army through their Facebook pages where they announced the start of the fighting in the province of Macomia.
The journalists were released from the Mieze prison in Pemba, the headquarters of Cabo Delgado, and were in an investigation period while waiting for their prosecution at the court in Cabo Delgado.
The case was scheduled to be heard for the first time on May 17.
Since 2017, groups of armed people, such as vis, have been carrying out attacks in the villages of Cabo Delgado, shooting houses and kidnapping inhabitants.
More than 90 people have been killed since the attack began, according to police reports.
So far, no group has argued publicly to be involved in these attacks.
In December 2018, the A Carta de Moçambique newspaper announced the presence of a Facebook page, which appears to be a crazy page where it punishes the attacks of armed groups in Cabo Delgado.
It is unclear whether the charges against Amade and Germano are linked to that page.
The surveillance team of the journalists says there is no connection between them and the page or other criminal acts occurring on Facebook pages.
The accusations against these journalists have been overwhelmed by a lot of awareness.
After Amade was arrested, the police were placed under the protection of the Civil Army.
He was detained in a military prison where he stayed for 12 days without making any contact and then transferred to a civil prison.
These journalists were accused only on April 16th, if it was a violation of the final 90 day procedure, contrary to the law of detention and imprisonment of Mumbai, in the case of Abubacar.
In the investigation of the case in the period of being detained all journalists together were accused of crimes of confusing government secrets through social networks and intimidating society by using digital means.
These allegations end with the preliminary allegations against them, where MISA interpreted it as spreading a message of murdering some of the people’s army leaders through a Facebook page that the people’s attacks in the Macomia district villages.
During the period of 106 days in prison, Abubacar was suffering from food shortages and received medical care, according to the Human Rights Organization (Amnesty International).
His family told the @Verdade newspaper that he was asked to visit Abubacar during any time he was in prison.
What happened to these journalists is part of the prosecution against media workers in northern Romania.
Independent investigation journalist Estácio Valoi was imprisoned in December 2018, also in Cabo Delgado for unreasonable legal reasons.
He was subsequently imprisoned without any charges, but his work equipment remained in the army's hands.
Call of Justice
Cídia Chissungo, who is an activist and promoter of the #AmedeAwekweFree campaign, celebrated the announcement by saying:
#AmadeAbubacar and #GeramanoAdriano are finally HURU after being imprisoned for 4 months.
We really celebrate, but we will not forget how everything started.
We have said since the end that: Journalism is not a crime.
Give us support in
Angela Quintal, Project Manager of the Reporters Protection Committee (CPJ), African Region said:
Now it is to make sure that the charges are removed by #AmadeAbubacar can continue with his writing work without fear of arrest.
The fact is that he suffered to be imprisoned without punishment for 106 days before the guarantee, not the imprisonment was scheduled.
Unfortunately, it is entirely condemned!
The picture of the Iranian revolutionary leader Imamu Khomeini inside the wall of the building in Sanandaj, in the Iranian headquarters of Kurdistan, is visible through the roof.
Photo by Jordi Boixareu.
The Demotix
Global Voices co-founder Ethan Zuckerman has described them as an example of people who like to explain their home culture to people from other communities.
This idea was developed through a rooted system within Global voices and describes the great work and culture of society.
Since our work aims to combine the existing framework between the external views on Iran and the real within the country itself, Global Voices Iran has launched a series of interviews with neighboring lawyers and writers who will do so.
These interviews will be conducted to understand how and how these people did their work through the explanation of the non-Iran community about Iran as well as the difficulty and difficulty in explanation.
Golnaz Esfandiari: I think the use of social media in Iran and its benefits are increasing
Golnaz Esfandiari is a chief broadcaster at Redio Free Europe/Radio Liberty, and one of the few journalists who have been out of Iran writing in English about the problems and social and political challenges of the neighbors.
The photo was used with the permission of Golnaz Esfandiari.
Read more: Conversation with Golnaz Esfandiari, Journalism in the language of Kiingerreza
In an interview with Global Voices, he said:
I think the use of social media in Iran has increased and its benefits have also increased.
Government officials confirm this and I also see a lot of people in the country using social networks.
I think that since 2009, the use of social networks has grown significantly.
Some Iranians said they were connected to Twitter after reading about the claim of the Twitter Revolution in Iran.
Social media supports conversation and sharing content that has been disclosed or appears to be foolish with people interacting openly.
People also often criticize policy and government views in social networks.
Kelly Golnoush Niknejad: You should be a journalist, psychologist, professor and reader of people's thoughts at the same time
Investor in the news industry in Iran, Kelly Golnoush Niknejad, is the founder of the Tehran Institute, a news source supported by The Guardian where he writes about Iran and the injured neighbors.
His project is one of the leading sources that gives different views on the country in political, cultural and people matters.
Photo by Kelly Golnoush Niknejad and used for permission.
Read more: How the Kelly Golnoush Niknejad Tehran Institute connects Iran to the Western world.
In a misguided view of the non-Iran people against Iran, he said:
When it comes to the issue of Iran, I always look back until 1979 and then describe the changes that have occurred after the issue to bring the meaning of the present time.
Sometimes it becomes very difficult even for the Iranians themselves to understand what is going on in Iran as not Iranians.
This shows how important it is to encourage the Iranian government, we put it in a specific circle of ordinary people’s life.
We come to the country by giving information to the only authorities that is not a basic or very important thing for us as journalists.
That means even very careful people who follow the news don’t understand the basic things that are happening in Iran.
It is true that if they follow the reports from the Tehran Institute then they will get a very different view.
Nina Ansary: I believe women will be the front line in any change in Iran
Nina Ansary is a lecturer of the Holy Scripture of God: Announced About Iranian Women, the first book to write about the equal view of women in politics from the end of the 19th century to the present.
The Book of the Holy Spirit
The book explains how women have been able to build the current history of Iran and continue to do so, while they continue to deal with and restore the foundations of their rights and equality in societies that have naturally destroyed them.
Read more: Conversation with Writer Fighting Equality of Neighbors Nina Ansary in the Night of Change in the Country
Ansary said he had a positive view of tomorrow Iran and the position of a woman in it:
And that’s because I saw their resurrection.
And this is because female lawmakers did not get a certain answer: women would not be allowed to be lawmakers but are now used as lawmakers.
Women were not allowed to read some fans, but for a few years they were able to swallow to the inside of the fans that were overwhelmed by more men as well as resistance and engineering.
With great caution, I look forward to the good, but I believe women will be the front line in any change in Iran.
Saeed Kamali Dehghan: They see Iran as a black and black picture but Iran is not.
It is like a rainbow of rain.
With more than 800 articles about Iran, Saeed Kamali Dehghan is the first chief reporter of The Guardian to write about Iran and is one of the few Iranians hired by the major English-language news company.
The photo was used with the permission of Saeed Kamali Dehghan.
Many of his reports are related to human rights violations in Iran, but as he said in a telephone interview, the major problem for Western media is that they see Iran as a black and black picture but Iran is not.
Iran is like a rainbow, spread color
Read more: Saeed Kamali Dehghan writes about Iran in The Guardian
In the difficulty of writing a country with which he is emotionally connected, Saeed explains that:
As you-Iran I have my feelings about the country, but when I write its news I try to stay a little down to remove the preference.
But I’m allowed to explain my thoughts when I write the opposite news and I’ve been doing something like that.
I wrote about why Canada misunderstood Iran and this led to the Minister of Foreign Affairs at the time told him through his Twitter page that I was used by Iranian authorities.
I’ve been shot by some people who have been claiming that I’m served by the Iranians and others have been claiming that I’m served by the UK.
I believe this is a sign that I do my job properly.
Omid Memarian: Translating your anger into something to build and not to raise personal things is art
Omid Memarian, an Iranian journalist living in New York.
Omid Memarian is a well-known former writer in Iran and now works in the U.S. and has been writing Iranian news for users of all English and German languages.
Our interview sought to understand the differences in writing news about Iran to users of different languages and their experience as an Iranian national and foreign journalist.
Read more: Iranian journalist Omid Memarian
Memarian describes his experience of writing and reporting in the social community in Iran as follows:
With and still there are people in Iran who believe in facilitating social communities, political freedom and the freedom of the press, the Islamic government can change a lot from within.
On the other hand, there are other struggling forces that prove that this is impossible and one way is to make the environment so dangerous that no one will hesitate to remain doing what it is doing.
When I insisted on continuing to do what I was doing, writing I encouraged about things I believed I was arrested and sent to prison.
Hooman Majd: Iran has no unique difference: the only thing here is that many people don’t know much about Iran.
We are now on the backdrop of U.S. foreign policy.
A few weeks ahead of the Obama administration, there is a great possibility that the U.S. has left with its long-term negotiation project with its long-term enemy, Iran’s Islamic legacy.
In the two presidents of Donald Trump showing it’s going to be unique with a harsh bully and a brutal sensation, I think it’s time to sit down with journalists and journalist Hooman Majd.
His books, articles and publications describe the Iranian news that was widely seen in the major U.S. media during the Bush period, when the terrorism against the Iranian government became a major sign of the early 2000s in foreign policy and the media perspective against Iran.
Hooman Majd has been known as the voice of Iran for Western countries.
The Majd picture was drawn by Ken Browar, used for permission.
Read more: Talks with Hooman Majd, a line between Iranian and U.S. media.
As a negative view against Iran has brought a quote since his 2008 book aimed at opposing the misconceptions about the Iranian society to U.S. readers:
Ahmadinejad was the first to be open to the media, which was the very first source of negative news.
But American and European-born Iranians have written a lot about their culture in recent days, and there is also a lot of travel between Iran and the US and American-born Iranians and American-born Iranians.
Now they know a little good and there are a lot of books.
Iran is not a unique translator: but the only thing is that many people don’t know much about Iran.
Protests in Rio de Janeiro: Education is our weapon.  Foto by: Marianna Cartaxo / MIDIA NINJA/Use by license
On May 15, thousands of Brazilians entered the streets in all 26 states protesting against the Bolsonaro government to cut funds for education, which will affect hundreds of schools and schools.
At the end of April, the Brazilian government announced a reduction of 30 percent of what is said is the budget that was for water, electricity, overall operation, as well as the survey.
If you make it the total major government budget for higher education, the income can reach up to three or five percent.
However, the government has sought loans for less than 3,500 higher education students who were trusted by the government.
Starting from the Paulista village in São Paulo, a massive demonstration center to the natural fields in Alto Rio Negro, near the border with Colombia, people went to defend public education.
Huko Viçosa, Minas Gerais, a group of over 5,000 people demonstrated in the mountains with heavy rain.
The air picture raised a large group of protesters in the town of Paulista in São Paulo to protest investments in education and scientific research.#15M #TodosPelaEducação #TsunamidaEducação #NaRuaPelaEducação #MarchaPelaCiência pic.twitter.com/BmHEYBuF9F
https://globalvoices.org/wp-content/uploads/2019/05/WhatsApp-Video-2019-05-15-at-21.00.30.mp4
Brazil has 69 public schools and a large number of state universities and all offer a primary degree and a graduate degree completely free of charge with some social services such as legal and hospital consultancy offices.
Initially, the grades were made in three schools but Baadayr was conducted to all other schools.
Bolsonaro’s Minister of Education, Abraham Weintraub, said that this is not a tax but a reduction in use.
Weintraub explained that there are deposits because public schools are as part of the destruction.
Asked by the journalists he submitted examples of that destructionWhen he indicated the presence of large social assemblies and also the presence of the celebration of the people who died.
Weintraub was appointed prime minister early in April after he planned to stay for a short time to be dismissed because of his involvement in some conflicts.
This new minister has always been giving opinions in line with the right-wing policies such as drug recognized by Brazil as a Communist strategy, and wants to eliminate the U-Marx culture in line.
Some high school leaders said that the taxes could prevent their doors from closing early at the beginning of the second session of 2019.
The government prosecutor's office sent a report to the chief lawyer who complained that it was a violation of the Brazilian constitution.
Rio de Janeiro is very popular!
Hundreds and thousands hold Avenida Presidente Vargas at night.When you enter to oppose the budget for education and science.#15M #TodosPelaEducação #TsunamidaEducação #NaRuaPelaEducação pic.twitter.com/8MIn91crKX
Researchers from the University of Minas Gerais (UFMG) who are researching WhatsApp groups in Brazil found there were many conversations through the app especially after the announcement was budgeted.
The research has created a use that will be closely monitored by WhatsApp groups and will be used closely with an associated organization and disseminate the truth in Brazil.
The research leader Fabrício Benevuto on May 8 said on his Facebook page:
[Images included] uncolored images/publications/events carried out due to the media and its topics.
There are pictures of people swallowing on the party (there are not even.view) and a number of protesters who say it takes students 12 years to graduate because they give medications all the time.
It is clear that it is intended.
The style of the election campaign.
Who believes this factory is giving false news?
An article on the website of Ciência et Rua (Science Street for Greek) claims that public schools produce 95 percent of scientific research in Brazil.
A study conducted by Clarivate Analytics in 2018 shows that among the 20 best research producers, 15 are part of the government’s network.
On the day of the protests, Minister Weintraub was called to go to provide details about the budget reduction in the House of Representatives of Congress.
Bolsonaro is the enemy of education
Education is the act of Love and Happiness#TsunamiDaEducacao pic.twitter.com/sEEOb5wDxz
Bolsonaro was in Texas, where he met with former U.S. President George W. Bush.
Asked about the protest, the President said:
It’s usual [as the maps occurred], now, most of the people there are an imbecile with nothing headless.
If you’re asking the answer 7 times 8, you don’t know.
If you know ask them about the structure of the water they don’t know, they don’t know anything.
They are disadvantaged and disadvantaged and have been used by a few disadvantaged people leading several public schools in Brazil.
Uganda news journalist Gertrude Uwitware Tumusiime has recorded the remaining burden incidents while working as a female journalist in Uganda.
Screenshot from The Other Side: Gertrude Uwitware Connected to YouTube.
In Uganda, women journalists who use digital equipment to report, comment and get information are dealt with attacks and legalizations because they investigate and publish political content.
Online hacking has become a new method of control.
Women’s journalists carry a remaining burden of sexual misconduct online including threats related to writing political news.
These ongoing threats have led to women’s journalists to withdraw from the debate on public matters and to stop the journalism’s vocation to be more challenged by men.
Read More: The Cost of Being With Different Opinions: Social Media Disclosure in Uganda
Joy Doreen Biira, a journalist.
Photo by Wikimedia Commons CC BY 3.0.
In November 2016, Uganda’s journalist, Joy Doreen Biira, who had worked on Kenya Television Network (KTN) in Kenya, returned home to Uganda for a cultural celebration.
While Beira was with them, Uganda's security forces fought against Rwenzururu's royal guardians in the western Rwenzori region of Uganda, and their port was burned.
The strike caused the deaths of 62 people, including 16 police.
Beira wrote his feelings about the military attack by posting his comment on Facebook on November 27:
It is very sad that what I have witnessed today with my own eyes is part of the kingdom of the kingdom where I am, the kingdom of Rwenzururu, which has been destroyed by fire.
I felt as if I was keeping the legacy destroyed in front of my eyes.
On that day, Biira was arrested and accused of disclosing a series of pictures of the horrible fighting events between the security forces and the king's guardians of Rwenzururu to the WhatsApp group with many members, according to the Committee to Protect Journalists (CPIJ).
He also posted a video on Instagram of the king's firefighted newspaper and wrote his news on Facebook, CPJ reports said.
Security officials in Uganda were alleged to suspend the office to delete publications on social networks and its digital devices were shut down, according to a 2018 Freedom House report.
Pira was convicted of supporting terrorism by taking video of military attacks on the court of the king, whose punishment is death under the anti-terrorism law if a person was found guilty.
However, one day later, he was arrested with guarantee.
The Bill’s incident has raised a strong post on social networks through topics such as #FreeJoyDoreen and #JournalismIsNotaCrime.
The media condemned the President of Uganda Yoweri Museveni for his behavior of disgraceing journalists:
#FreeJoyDoreen President @KagutaMuseveni should not stop the behavior of disturbing writers.
This is a major violation of human rights in our country.
The representative of the Office, Nicholas Opiyo, posted a tweet showing the official accusation that the Office faced with:
Joyan's guarantee copy accused of aiding terrorism (recourse!)
#Journalism is not a crime @KTNKenya @KTNKenya #FreeJoyDoreen
Opio told Global Voices that the case was terminated and terminated in March 2017 after the government conducted an investigation and failed evidence of prosecution in court.
With cases like these, a person sums a burden on himself but lies with a sense of humility, unfairness, and pain, said Opiyo, who is also the executive director of Chapter Four Uganda, which is a human rights organization.
What he added is that staying in jail for a few days and suppressing the pain of swallowing is a feeling that never removes anyone.
Attacks on the Internet
It is very rare for journalists women who are overwhelmed by online misconduct to get right, and often there is a difficult time to ensure that their complaints are taken by weight and reduced as appropriate.
In April 2017, Gertrude Tumusiime Uwitware, the broadcaster of NTV Uganda, defended Stella Nyanzi, a political activist who criticized the Museveni government by failing to comply with the promises of campaigns to disseminate poor women’s sex tables.
Governors have urged Uwitware to delete its Twitter and Facebook posts with opinions of supporting Nyanzi.
He was threatened on Facebook and then kidnapped by unknown people for about ten hours, according to the 2017 Uganda Human Rights Report.
His prisoners were claimed to shout about his relationship with Nyanzi, they beat him badly and even scratched his hair.
Read more: Is the voice of a woman a hard word?
Women’s Affairs Attorney Stella Nyanzi continues to fight against court
Uwitware was later found at a police station in Kampala.
However, the government has not yet issued any information on the investigation of his arrest.
Political journalists, especially those who advertise opposition political parties, are often witnessing more threats than those who advertise other issues.
But women’s journalists are in the worst situation because the government believes they are weak and are more easily trapped, according to Mukose Arnold Anthony, Secretary for Media Security and Human Rights at the Uganda Press Association (UJA), who spoke to Global Voices via WhatsApp on April 3.
When it comes to the issue of sexual assault on the internet, women journalists are afraid to get younger than they say their world ends up using something, Anthony said.
What happens to journalists women face more psychological harm, their privacy violation, identity destruction, their opportunities to go out and out, control, and property confiscation due to their work, according to the UNESCO study on freedom of speech in Africa published in 2018.
And, according to a 2018 survey by the Human Rights Network for Journalists-Uganda, 12 percent of women journalists have been exposed to abuse and abuse, including death threats and arrestations.
Three rabbits of women journalists have been killed by violations of law in the hands of government officials such as police, district officials and other security officials.
Attacks and attacks
Uganda's journalist Bahati Remmy has been killed by attacks and harassment while working as a woman reporting.
Photo through the Paydesk Account of Happy Remmy, used with permission.
Bahati Remmy, a U.S. journalist who is currently working in Uganda, told Global Voices that she had stopped working as a journalist in Uganda because she felt lost enthusiasm after a terrible incident when she was publishing the U.S. election reports in 2016.
Uganda’s police arrested Remmy when he made a direct ad via a private-owned NBS telephone to announce the home arrest of opposition leader Dr. Kizza Besigye in the city of Kasangati.
Remmy said to Global Voices:
Police raised the alarm when they prevented the journalists from disclosing information about Besigye.
The police placed my clothes on their car, wrapped the clothes on the back and left me the door in front of the camera, according to Remmy.
He was also traced and arrested by a police officer on Facebook because the government of Uganda believed he was collaborating with Besigye to attack the country’s image.
He told Global Voices that a text message from unknown people was broken down and threatened to leave if he refused to provide a secret of the way Besigye would use from his home.
After the arrest of Remmy, the Human Rights Network of Reporters of Uganda prepared a referendum to evaluate the real situation of the incident.
They asked: The Uganda police claimed that NBS's news agency Bahati Remmy violated legal orders and also prevented the police from doing their work so that they were arrested.
Do you agree with this?
Mr Emmanuel wrote:
It’s a weak and empty reason because there’s a video showing how Lucky was arrested.
Police should stop addressing their problems to journalists.
David Luburwa wrote:
Anyone who tries to inform people about the state situation must be arrested.
There is a lot of trouble in Uganda.
The point of mind is that anyone who tries to blame a thing that does not support the existing government is considered to be a violent so it is the condition of the people of Uganda.
A lot of women journalists in Uganda have abandoned their journalism, especially those who criticize the government for fear of being attacked and abused by the government.
News experts have explained that the government and security media are calling journalists and ordering them not to publish information that gives the government a negative appearance.
These attacks are not addressed especially with women a situation that causes difficulty understanding the real depth of this problem.
Remmy has dismissed the government of Uganda to the Human Rights Commission of Uganda, but so far, no one has been concerned about his case.
The Commission lacks the freedom to make decisions on the part of those who submit complaints against the government.
His seven delegates, along with his chairman, are elected by the president, with the approval of the Parliament.
They are favourite, Remmy said, adding: They have trials, and many cases they want to hear are those delivered by the government.
Many of the threats that women online journalists create are closely related to the illusions against them outside the internet.
Remmy believes that the righteousness, status and dignity of women journalists should be taken into account at all times because attacks against women undermine the journalism industry as a whole.
As Uganda is preparing for presidential and parliamentary elections in 2021, the attacks and illegalization of women and government journalists should be stopped because it affects access to the news, freedom of expression and democratic rights of the citizens of Uganda.
The freedom of the journalist remains a child who is dismissed in the country’s system, Remmy told Global Voices.
This article is part of a series entitled Identity Question: The Online Framework for the Control of Threats Against Freedom of Expression in Africa, These Posts call for identity or optional claims based on language or geographical origin, corrupt information and disclosure (in spite of women and journalists) streaming online in seven African countries: Algeria, Cameroon, Ethiopia, Nigeria, Sudan, Tunisia and Uganda.
The project is funded by the African Digital Rights Fund of the Organization for International Security Policy Cooperation for East and South Africa (CIPESA).
The trees found on the 15th century wall on the island of Kilwa Kisiwan, Tanzania.
In 1981, the island was declared the UNESCO World Heritage Site.
Photo by David Stanley, January 1, 2017, CC BY 2.0.
Editor's advice: These personal articles were written following the Twitter campaign developed by Global Voices South African Gulf in collaboration with the Rising Voices Project each week, different-language organizers shared their opinions about the interference of digital rights and African languages as part of the project, Matrix Identity: The threat of violating the freedom of speech online in Africa.
According to the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO), the diversity of languages and cultures has a strategic importance for people around the world in the efforts to strengthen community unity and solidarity.
This diversity of languages and cultures pushed UNESCO’s main congress to proclaim the International Mother Language Day (IMLD) in November 1999, a day commemorated on February 21 each year.
To strengthen IMLD, the United Nations (UN) has announced the International Year of Native Languages (IYIL 2019), to take into account the risk of immigration by native languages worldwide.
Today, there are more than 7,100 languages spoken worldwide, 28 percent of the languages are spoken in Africa alone.
Despite this, English is leading online in this area.
Over the past twenty years, 80 percent of the world’s online content was based on English.
Currently, however, the English content is expected to decrease to a rate between 51 percent and 55.
The key question, therefore, is: is, the decline indicates that people are now developing their native languages than English, considering that it is less than 15 percent of the world’s population speaking English as their first language?
Swedish: The Fate of the Fate?
Swahili is recognized as one of the official languages of the African Union (AU), along with English, English, French, Spanish and Arabic.
The Spanish language is also the preferred language of the Member States of the Eastern African Union (EAC).
Rwanda, a member of the EAC, through its lower parliament, approved the proposal to make the Malaysian language the official language in 2017 along with Industrial, French and English.
Despite being used for governmental purposes, Swahili is included in the country’s educational agenda.
In Uganda, in September 2019, the government approved the establishment of the National Council of the Swahili.
Article 6(2) of the Constitution of Uganda also stipulates that Spanish will be the second official language in Uganda and will be used in a manner where Parliament is able to regulate by law.
In 2018, South Africa, a state of 11 official languages, listed the language as a free subject in its language, starting in 2020.
In 2019, the South African Development Community (SADC) adopted the Spanish language as the fourth official language of the community.
Fine appearance of Swahili on the internet
Photo by Rachel Strohm, September 20, 2019, (CC BY-ND 2.0)
Despite the fact that the African language is highly spoken, with approximately 150 million people in Eastern Africa, the main milk region, southern Somalia, and other areas of southern Africa, the appearance of the Swahili online is finyu.
John Walubengo, a researcher at the Multimedia University of Kenya, says in his article in Nation, the daily newspaper in Kenya, that the lack of language and online culture creates a community with a minor worldview.
The Buildings explains that many natural cultures end up completing their identity to the English circumstances of making things.
This regrettable fact, however, can only be changed if native communities will fight to keep their identity online and as well as outside the internet, he says.
However, it is not all overwhelming.
There are a number of organizations presented in the front line to develop and promote Swahili online.
The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers
(ICANN), an international organization with many stakeholders that regulates the Internet Name System (DNS), Internet Address (IP) and free system numbers, has established International Domain Names (IDNs), allowing people to use domain names in language and original text.
These charges are then covered by the Unicode standard and used as permitted by the IDN domains, a set of standards established by the Internet Security Board (IAB), and its small-company groups; the Internet Engineering Work Committee (IETF) and the Internet Research Committee (IRTF).
The Universal Acceptance Steering Group (UASG)
UASG is a community of industry leaders, supported by ICANN, which organizes an online community for one billion internet followers.
This is validated through a process known as the Universal Recognition (UA), which ensures that the software and network systems deal with all top-level domains (TLDs) and emails based on the same domains in a consistent way along with non-linear texts and non-linear texts that are more than three phrases.
UA serves networkers around the world in their native languages and with the names of regions that identify their culture.
Thus, promoting the network of many languages.
by ICANNWiki
This non-profit organization has a weekly page developed by the community on ICANN and Internet Governance issues, which has long collaborated with organizations, educational institutions and individuals in Kenya and Tanzania.
It allowed Eastern Africans to build, translate and add Wiki resources to their views, languages and perspectives.
This Swahili project that years as a writer I was able to engage with officially the legality of information related to the governance of the Internet by promoting the contents of ICANNWiki to promote participation in organized communities.
Localization Lab
Localization Lab, is an international community of independent participants who engage in the translation and compliance of user guidelines and digital security equipment such as TOR, Signal, OONI, Psiphon.
These technologies promote security, privacy, and confidentiality by ensuring that foreign language operators have a secure access to information online.
Localization Lab has translated more than 60 devices into 180 different languages worldwide,
The Community Network (KCN)
KCN network was the first to experiment with TVWS’s popular TVWS wave technology, the unconnected technology that uses unused radio waves available within the 470 to 790 MHz mile range to solve the challenge of rural online connectivity in Tanzania.
KCN teaches citizens to create and become hosts of useful natural content and their context.
Crisis Jabhera, the founder of KCN and assistant guest at the University of Dodoma, Tanzania, told the Global Voices agency via Skype that he believes that natural content motivates more people outside the internet to connect online because they can understand their original information [] compared to the current situation where many content is in English.
Millions of followers online
The world is expected to connect billions of followers online and 17 million of these users are expected to connect online using language as their digital identity.
Therefore, the lack of natural content may have a significant impact taking into account digital integration.
It affects the digital rights in particular, access to the Internet, the right to access information online, and the right to use their natural languages to create, share, and disseminate information and knowledge through the Internet.
Therefore, it is important to establish strategies that will develop the development of software and services, such as the use of native language, in order to ensure digital integration for all.
This step, accompanied by the efforts of instruments such as the consolidation of learning and learning equipment, and rural reading and writing plans, could trigger a digital revolution, and thus then promote the digital rights of internet users and break the barrier of digital divisions.
Finally, this process will accelerate the dissolution, respect and exploitation of all African languages and minor online languages as achieved in the principles of the African Convention on the Rights of the Internet and Freedom.
The Logical Identification Project is funded by the African Digital Rights Fund, managed by the Organisation for International Security Policy Cooperation for Eastern and South Africa (CIPESA).
The TEDGlobal Internet Room.
Photo of the Creative Commons user of Flickr, Erik (HASH) Hersman, June 3, 2007.
(CC by 2.0)
Global Voices, through its South African Sub-Saharan Authority in cooperation with the Rising Voices Project, will run a Twitter campaign as part of a well-known project such as, Identity: Online Forum to Control Threats Against Freedom of Expression in Africa, from April 20 to May 22, 2020.
Read more: MatrixID: A new project to promote digital rights in Africa
As a reference to the Journalism towards Freedom: Politics and Digital Rights in Africa, this five-week social networking campaign to encourage society will join the @GVSSAfrica debate to join five African-language activists, who will promote the balance of language and digital rights.
The project is funded by the African Digital Rights Fund, which is managed by the International Security Policy Cooperation for Eastern and South Africa (CIPESA).
Global Voices is one of the beneficiaries of the grant.
These activists will speak in African languages such as Babara, Igbo, Khoekhoe, N-Bayer, Swahili, Yoruba, along with French and English.
They will also be able to share their personal experience and understanding with a language perspective on the challenges of digital rights.
These discussions will discuss how the threat of non-dependence on the internet affects the online content in African languages; the dissemination of false information in African languages in different languages online and what is done by companies or related social organizations; the effects of the unlikely of affordable networks in areas with large African speakers; the importance and challenges of the right to access information in African digital languages.
In addition, they will discuss the issue of organizational policies, as well as the emerging challenges that can affect how citizens can express themselves freely in their language.
Talk with the operators of the discussion on Twitter
This Twitter discussion will be submitted by Denver Toroxa Breda from South Africa, Adéṣínà Ghani Ayêni from Nigeria, Kpénahi Traoré from Burkina Faso, Roseblossom Ozurumba from Nigeria and Bonface Witaba from Kenya.
Some of these participants participated in @DigiAfricanLang's online campaign to celebrate the International Year of Native Languages 2019.
April 20-24: Denver Toroxa Breda (@ToroxaD)
by Denver Toroxa Breda.
The picture is licensed.
Breda, a Kikhoe speaker, with a literary or literary culture, is a writer who struggles with the distribution of the Kikhoekhoe and Chinese languages, the first two languages in South Africa.
It is spoken in Namibia, it is read in the Jews, but in South Africa, where it is, there are only 2,000 people speaking, not a language officially recognized, there is no school.
The Chinese language has only one Gui speaker, not an officially recognized language, and the Hebrew, and is a language that is at risk of disintegration.
of Traoré.
The picture was used with permission.
April 27–May 1: Kpénahi Traoré (@kpenahiss)
Traoré was born in Côte d'Ivoire but its origin is Burkina Faso.
He is the chief editor of RFI mandenkan, a radio-language news room at Radio France Internationale (RFI).
It has been a great experience for Traoré to work in the Siberian language.
Before that, he admitted that it was absolutely impossible to make a news writing in the Arabic language.
Kisamogo is the mother tongue of Traoré, although it was called Kidioula in Côte d'Ivoire and Burkina Faso.
Those who call Him, those who call Him, those who call Him, those who call Him, those who call Him, those who call Him.
May 5-8: Blossom Ozurumba (@blossomozurumba)
by Blossom Ozurumba.
The picture is licensed.
Ozurumba is also known as Asampete, a name that can be translated from the Kiigbo language makes it good.
Ozurumba is pleased with Kiigbo’s language and culture and has been committed to ensuring that a number of people learn to speak, write and read to a certain extent.
Ozurumba is the founder of a popular Wikimedia user group and may have regularly started conversations about the Wikimedia Foundation without any pressure.
He lives in Abuja, Nigeria, and loves the tranquility and sensation of the city’s aste.
May 11-15: Yobamoodua (@yobamoodua)
It is adjustable.
Photo used with permission
Adéṣínà Ayêni, who is also known as Âmọ Yoòbá, is a journalist and cultural editor who uses his journalistic work to develop discovery, and the distribution of the cultural heritage of Kiyouba online and offline.
As a sound artist, he has planned many Kiyubba ads on Nigerian and TVC radio campaigns.
He is the founder of the Yobamoodua Cultural Heritage, a platform aimed at spreading the language and culture of Kiyobaba.
Yeon Yoobba is also the language manager of the Global Voices Yorubba website.
He is a language teacher at tribalingua.com where he teaches students from a remote part of the world.
He has also worked with Localization Lab, an international community of independent translators and web users, computer software developers, and coordinators who work together to translate and integrate digital security equipment and fields to prevent interference or web interference.
Oh yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
He is a research member at the Firebird Foundation for Anthropological Research.
May 18-22: Bonface Witaba (@bswitaba)
by Bonface.
The picture was used with permission.
Representative writer, natural content maker and publisher, researcher, researcher, and consultant on web governance and policy issues.
He is the founder of ICANNWiki Swahili, a dedicated universe website that promotes, translates, articles and communications of 10,000 web governments to the Swahili language for 150 million Swahili speakers by 2020.
Likewise, Witaba is running a youth project that aims to build the capabilities of students, scholars, and individuals in the private sector and; in general, through professional courses on web governance.
Protesters pushed for the expulsion of former President Robert Mugabe (who is now a rebel) from the government on November 18, 2017.
Photo and user of Flickr Zimbabwean-eyes (Free to use).
Early in the morning of November 15, 2017, citizens of Zimbabwe woke up with the news that the former prime minister, Robert Mugabe, had been rescued from the government during the government revolution, and was stabbed in his residence, Ikulu, along with his family.
Mayor General Sibusiso Heart, who is currently the Minister of Foreign Affairs, announced on the national telephone that the president was safe under the government's defense and that the situation is on a different level.
Just after the General Heart's announcement, citizens of Zimbabwe followed with great enthusiasm on social networks especially WhatsApp, Twitter and Facebook to get new information about the situation.
For the first time, the new popularity of social media enabled access to information and encouraged roots of protests among citizens of Zimbabwe, while protesters entered the street and helped push for the removal of the Mugabe government.
The new government, led by Emmerson Dambudzo Mnangagwa, determines the power of social networks.
As the former security minister of the country, Mnangagwa also realized the importance and place of informational misconduct in the political areas of Zimbabwe.
In March 2018, recognizing the time and to retain the political authority to be held before him and to ensure the victory in the presidential and parliamentary elections in the following year, Mnangagwa ordered a youth union of the ruling party of ZANU PF (Zimbabwe National Union-Patriotic Front) to shake up on social networks and online and to shoot and attack opponents.
In Zimbabwe after Mugabe, this agreement has triggered a crisis of corruption and the disclosure of false information, thus leaving the Zimbabweans with only a few reliable sources to get information and know about what is going on in the transition and anti-government protests.
While the new government claimed to use false news to social media reports that they viewed as a government threat, it also made a disguise to the public about how it was dealt with with the protest against the government.
Freedom of speech online
Zimbabwe has seen a dramatic increase in the use of internet on mobile phones and social networks in the past few years.
Internet spread rate increased by 41.1 per cent, from 11 per cent of the population to 52.1 per cent between 2010 and 2018, while mobile spread increased by 43.8 per cent from 58.8 per cent to 102.7 per cent during that period.
This means that half of the population is now connected to the internet, compared to just 11 percent in 2010.
However, misconduct and the disclosure of false information with them have encountered an overwhelming environment for a number of reasons: large distractions in the media, government proposals to control social networks, slight forms of official communication and poor education among the internet users.
During the January 2019 anti-government protests, the period of government security forces captured and attacked hundreds of protesters, the news of this abuse was opposed to government claims that it was false news or when it completely denied its existence.
The government has blocked access to internet services in order to disrupt the flow of information and thus bring great controversy.
Government leaders and their followers also used a method of fraudulent information about the protests and suspicion in any alleged information by disguising fake news names.
Usually, in Zimbabwe, citizens disclose any information submitted by government ministers as correct.
For example, Deputy Energy News Minister Mutodi appeared to convince people that everything was clear and that the videos and photos of the soldiers who were shooting the street were made by a few civilians.
Mutodi went on to destroy the nation where he said on the national radio that there was no interference on the internet but there was a protest on the internet.
In another case that is alleged to be government-backed news fraud, millions of people were hacked on social media during the January protests.
Some have installed air retention services for a collaboration known as the Virtual Private Network (VPN) to continue to disguise, yet reports have been disclosed that downloading such tools could lead to arrest, increasing circumstances causing fear and intimidation.
In March 2019, when the Human Rights Organization (HRW) posted a tweet report on the use of the government’s horrifying misconduct to control January 2019 protests, government followers used Twitter to dismantle and attack the HRW organization.
One user sent a tweet that the agency was spreading an openly false and said it was committed to a colonial edition that was given the task of pushing innocent countries to pursue U.S. cyber targets.
The other pointed out the government’s claims and claimed that the violence was caused by persons who were trying [sic] to cheat the president.
And the disappointment about government policies and other events of public interest continued to flourish after the January protests.
Recently, members of the ruling party of ZANU PF used Twitter to inform the public about the failure of Dr.Peter Magombey, who is the chairman of the Zimbabwe Medical Association (ZHDA).
It was released on September 14, 2019, following the announcement of a breakthrough in the health sector.
ZANU PF’s Secretary for Youth Affairs has described Magombey as a gentle man and who accepts that profession.
The account named ZANU PF Patriots said the reports of his withdrawal were false.
Some disseminated false claims that doctors killed many patients following the stroke, including more than 500 people in one hospital.
History of Zimbabwe
The media control in Zimbabwe has a breakthrough in the 20th-century colonial policies, which were donated for the use of power to demonstrate it in front of political authorities.
The Rhodesia government led by Ian Smith was found in propaganda and controlling news as its best weapon, not only to support the legitimacy of the government but also to spread fake news about the war.
The colonial government has passed a large number of laws to disrupt or oppose Smith’s racist policies and implemented these laws with great intention to disrupt rescue leaders.
Information control was a normal situation before the independence in 1980, and this situation set the government's model in terms of communication policy and media management for years to come.
As he wrote in his book, Dinner with Mugabe: The Untold Story of a Freedom Fighter Who Became a Tyrant:
A lot of people in the ZANU PF hyriasis have lived in a disorder that is stored in their daily lives the amount of appearance is like a normal thing.
The Civil War, or the Second Chimurenga War, has never ended completely in Zimbabwe.
Today, Mnangagwa is developing this inheritance, scattering the votes of criticism through online informational methods and internet hacking.
This article is part of a series of publications that investigate the interference with digital rights through methods such as internet lock and news fraud during key political events in seven African countries: Algeria, Ethiopia, Cambodia, Nigeria, Tunisia, Uganda, and Zimbabwe.
The project is funded by the African Digital Rights Fund of the Collaboration on International ICT Policy for East and South Africa (CIPESA).
The protesters took part in the June 2018 Women's Demonstration in Kampala, Uganda.
Picture and Bedroom Badru, used with permission.
In Uganda, the internet has become a terror of controversy where the government is trying to promote a growing voice of opposition online.
For many years, the authorities have used different methods to destroy the opposition and restore the ruling party of the National Resistance Movement and President Yoweri Museveni.
This includes blocking media sites, blocking short messages (SMS) and blocking social media platforms.
As the 2021 general elections in Uganda are approaching, government leaders are expected to develop such approaches.
Prisoning during the 2016 election
During the 2016 general elections, Uganda's leaders were forced to double all social media platforms.
The first imprisonment was carried out on February 18, 2016, during the presidential election, and affected social media platforms and mobile money sending services.
The suspension lasted for a total of four days.
On May 11, 2016, social media platforms, including Facebook, WhatsApp and Twitter and mobile money sending services were again closed.
He was imprisoned for one day and held one day before President Museveni was announced for his fifth term as president.
Museveni has been in office since 1986.
Opposition against its leadership is strengthening: According to the April 2019 referendum, the majority of citizens are opposed to the 2017 decision to remove the 75-year-old candidate, which could not allow the 74-year-old president to vote again in the 2021 election.
During all the blockade incidents in 2016, the government of Uganda stated that the reason was national security to control the internet.
The investigation was ordered by the security media of Uganda and the Communications Commission of Uganda (UCC), which controls the communication, online publication, broadcasting (all radio and broadcasting), film industry, postal services, mail distribution and mailing.
On February 18, 2016, MTN Uganda, a mobile and internet communications service provider, issued a statement on Twitter confirming that the UCC, had ordered MTN to block all social media services and mobile money sending services due to the public security threat.
This order also affected other mobile companies such as Airtel, Smile, Vodafone, and Africel.
On that day, President Museveni told reporters that he ordered the closure of social media: measures must be taken for security to prevent many people from interfering with violence, it is for a short time because others use these ways to lie, he said.
On March 17, in an official speech during the Supreme Court's ruling where President Museveni's victory was held, UCC's executive director Godfrey Mutabazi explained that he received orders from Police General Inspector, Kale Kayihura, to lock social media sites and services to send money via the phone for security reasons.
Closed while interfering with the righteous and everyday life of citizens who use the internet and social media fraud to get information, explain comments and do their everyday business.
A few weeks before the 2016 election, citizens were strongly committed to publishing and discussing the election using #UgandaDecides and #UGDebate16.
The rate of citizens’ participation in the internet was released by the first presidential press release, the first which took place in January and the second, a week later.
Despite the social networking blockade, many visitors continued to send information about their choices using a private web address known as a VPN.
On the day of the election, citizens were able to share what they were aware about the interpretation of voting equipment in remote stations, fraudulent visas in elections, and the outcome of the time of fraud on social networks.
Human rights activists say that strategic blockade during elections reduces the speed of communication, while only access to information and citizens' support is extremely necessary.
The internet closure allows people to talk about certain affected things, such as health, interference with friends and also to exchange political opinions, Moses Owiny, chief officer of the Center for Multilateral Affairs, a free policy analysis platform that operates in Uganda and Tanzania, told Global Voices in an interview.
According to Owiny, the blockade aims to prevent opposition in politics on the basis of government fears that citizens’ opinions may shock the public, claims that he believes have no reliable basis but are supposed.
History of Uganda to close platforms and websites
On April 14, 2011, the UCC ordered internet service providers (ISPs) to block time access to Facebook and Twitter for 24 hours to eliminate connectivity and information exchange.
The order was issued during the walk-to-work protests led by the opposition following the increase in oil and food prices.
The news agency said the security media had requested the blocking of the use of social media to prevent violence.
In 2011, the election was celebrated by a short message (SMS) with certain words including Egypt, bullet and people power.
In the direction of the 2006 general elections, the UCC ordered internet service providers (ISPs) to block Radio Katwe’s access to the web by publishing fake and false news against the ruling party of the National Resistance Movement and its presidential candidate, according to the 2015 CIPESA (Collaboration on International ICT Policy for East and South Africa).
Uganda authorities have banned access to the radio station and the Daily Monitor’s website by publishing free election results.
These platforms were quickly restored but only after the election committee announced the official results.
Elections 2021: What are these methods?
President Museveni in May 2013.
He has been in office since 1986.
Photo: Foreign and Commonwealth Office on Flickr [CC BY 2.0].Since 2016, the government has continued to capture opposition politicians and journalists.
Robert Kyagulanyi, famous as Bobi Wine, the founder and leader of the People Power opposition party, who is also a parliamentary member, has already announced his presidential vote.
Bobi Wine is currently being prosecuted for rejection of the president and if he is found guilty, he is not allowed to be prosecuted.
According to Human Rights Watch, in 2018, the government targeted six opposition members, including Bobi Wine and Francis Zaake, before the short election of August 15 in Arua (north of Uganda).
Police and army arrested the group and other 28 people on August 13, 2018, and accused them of murder.
They were subsequently granted.
On that day, the police also arrested two journalists, Herber Zziwa and Ronald Muwanga, who were reporting about the election and the violence associated with the election, including the brutal murder of the shooting driver Bobi Wine carried out by the army.
Read more: #FreeBobiWine: Protests mount over torture and arrest of a young political force in Uganda
As the 2021 elections are approaching, there is a great possibility that the government of Uganda will continue the repression of opponents, including the closure of social networks.
Indeed, since the 2016 elections, there has been no change in the legal system that allows the government to block the right to freedom of expression and access to information online.
According to the 2016 State of Internet Freedom in Africa report, the 2013 Communications Act gives the UCC more strength and works under paragraph 5 that allows communications controllers to monitor, select, license, manage, and control communications services and set standards, monitor, and implement information-related prudence.
At the request of the government, the UCC used this section to order Internet service providers (ISPs) to block access to social networks and mobile money services during the 2016 election.
The government continues to use these laws to control public debate and encourage political opponents, especially during elections.
Owiny suggests that the government has the ability to interfere with the internet whenever it appears that there is the same importance: where the security of the government and its citizens interfere, and where the security of the government is preserved, the security of the government and its integration will be given priority.
Non-governmental forces and human rights defenders have been preparing in Uganda so that such a prison held in 2016 will no longer occur.
Several officials have written a joint letter to the African Community and regional organizations calling for the implementation of the Uganda government’s decision to block internet access during the 2016 election.
The Unwanted Witness Uganda has sent the government of Uganda to court, along with Internet Service Providers (ISPs) and Communications Controller (UCC), in the case submitted in September 2016.
The organization stated that the government-planned blockade measures violated the rights of citizens of Uganda to freedom of speech and expression as stipulated in the principles of Article 29(1) of the Constitution of 1995.
However, the judge ruled that the prosecutor failed to confirm any infringement arising from the lock, Unwanted Witness told Global Voices.
To ensure the unaccess to the internet especially during the upcoming elections will require more motivation.
Owiny suggested the demand of digital rights activists to further dialogue between the government and the private sector to present the negative effects of the blockade because the private sector is worried by the government.
Uganda was among the first countries in Africa to adopt a law on the right of citizens to access public information, known as Access to Information Act (ATIA), in 2005.
The law undertakes to provide efficiency, ease, transparency and responsibility that will enable the public to easily access and participate in decisions that affect them as citizens of the country.
Will the Government fulfill its duty to promote the right to access information?
Does he fulfill his promises?
This article is part of a series of publications that investigate the interference with digital rights through methods such as internet lock and information fraud during key political events in seven African countries: Algeria, Ethiopia, Cambodia, Nigeria, Tunisia, Uganda, and Zimbabwe.
The project is funded by the African Digital Rights Fund of the Collaboration on International ICT Policy for East and South Africa (CIPESA).
Students from the DCMA School perform various music media exercises at the Old Customs Building, Mkongwe City, Zanzibar, 2019.
Photo by DCMA.
Thousands of visitors visiting the Mkongwe City, Zanzibar, an ancient city known to have a great history of the island, follow the sound of music from the DCMA, a music school aimed at promoting and entertaining the music of the island that is known to have its origin islands there and other areas of the Indian Sea coast.
Since 2002, the school has been promoting and teaching the unique culture of Zanzibar that combines Arab, Indian and African cultures through music.
17 years since the establishment of the school, it is now clearly faced with a bad financial situation that has led to its closure.
Nearly 70 percent of 80 students studying there are unable to pay the study fee, which is the amount of US$13 per month, according to the official DCMA report to the public.
Although the school has already received support from international donors and friendly organizations, it is now facing a huge challenge that may force it to close its roofs and leave the historic house in Zanzibar, known as Old Customs House.
Without getting quick funds to enable its activities to continue, the students and teachers of DCMA are concerned that the sounds pushing out of the walls of the building and making the art entertainment islands may fall.
The school not only teaches and promotes culture and natural heritage through music, but it is also born with a large group of young musicians looking for alternative ways to drive their lives using art.
The DCMA student learns to play a natural Arab music tool.
Photo by DCMA.
We’ve begun to deal with the bad financial situation, says Alessia Lombardo, Executive Director of DCMA, in the official DCMA video.
From now to the next six months, we are uncertain that we may be able to refund the salary of teachers and other employees.
Currently, 19 displaced teachers and a few other employees have not been paid their wages for more than six months because the school has been suspicious of receiving aid from friends while trying to create a sustainable system of earnings for the school’s displacement.
Although such islands are known to be attracting many tourists who are enthusiastic about having dishes and large luxury hotels, many inhabitants are saddened by great unemployment although statistics released by the World Bank show that poverty has slightly decreased in the islands.
For more than 17 years, DCMA has worked without hesitation to promote and protect Zanzibar’s great heritage through music.
Whether it is the place of the birth of the city of Arab music and famous rockers Siti Binti Saad and Fatuma Binti Baraka, or Two.
Kidude, Zanzibar is the residence of a musical residence that has been built through a mixture of culture and cooperation between the Swahili Pwani for hundreds of years.
Today, students will be able to learn natural music such as garbage, garbage and garbage, in conjunction with other instruments such as garbage, law and garbage, as guardians and translators of culture and art.
Neema Surri, the instrument player called the violin school at DCMA, has been learning how to play the instrument since she was 9 years old.
I know many young people who want to learn music but cannot afford a little bit of poverty and unemployment, Surri said in a DCMA video.
DCMA students perform exercises at the Old Customs Hall, where their school, Mkongwe City, Zanzibar, 2019.
Photo by DCMA.
After completing the DCMA workshops, the Astashahada and Stashahada courses, many of the DCMA students may work on international platforms as prestigious prize winners and independent artists.
Zanzibari Amina Omar Juma, a former DCMA student and current DCMA teacher, recently returned from a visit to South Africa to join his fellow celebrated Siti and his fellow fellow fellow fellow fellow fellow fellow fellow fellow fellow fellow fellow fellow fellow fellow fellow fellow fellow fellow fellow fellow fellow.
Also, in cooperation with his colleagues, who are former students of DCMA, he gave the first song called, Fusing the Roots, in 2018, continuing to showcase on the Sound of the Brave, the largest music show in the East Africa field, the same year.
Here you can listen to Bendi's song I understand along with her video, exposing the effects of Zanzibar to describe the simulation of a woman facing domestic harassment and music life dreams, as is the story of Omar Juma's personal life:
Read more: Women in Eastern Africa on Music Festival Pregnancy Against Abuse by Men
History of Culture and Cooperation
More than 15,000 visitors have passed through the school building to enjoy commercial shows, workshops and classes as well as meet with DCMA musicians who exchange the future of the culture and heritage of Zanzibar, according to DCMA.
Despite the history of India, Arabia and Africa, the school is pleased to be the result of the cultures of different countries, including the culture connected to the Indian Sea and the Gulf.
Sultan of Omani, the famous king of the 17th and 19th centuries, moved his rule from Muscat to Zanzibar in 1840.
From the City of Kongwe, Omani governors conducted sea trade, including carpets, gold, clothes, relying on air-driven ships between the Hindu Sea coast of India to Oman and Eastern Africa.
Zanzibari youth recognize the importance of understanding their history to find out if their future and music they create today describes the aspirations to put a line between old and modern things.
Recently, the students of DCMA and their teachers established TaraJazz, a combination of natural and modern traditions.
Her musician, Felician Mussa, 20, has been learning to play a musical instrument called violin for three and a half years; TaraJazz is one of the most popular band on the island, here is if drawn by photographer Aline Coquelle:
The Swedish-Swahili port explains the simulation of cultural mixture and the DCMA develops this culture through musical collaboration.
Each year, the school organizes a project called Swahili Encounters, [Swahili Meeting] which connects musicians from Africa, the Middle East, Europe and North America and DCMA students with the aim of creating a real music group within a week period.
At the end of the meeting, new teams of artists joined are forced to make a show on the Good Sounds, and often these teams live with a strong friendship that crosses the boundaries of language and culture, and thus proves that music is the world’s language.
DCMA is organizing a trade show every week to showcase the performances of its students and friends who visit these musicians, Miji Mkongwe, Zanzibar, 2019.
Photo by DCMA.
The DCMA School acknowledges that music spreads and connects people regardless of their culture and also employs talented young people living in a society without a good economy and a great lack of employment opportunities.
With the number of 1,800 students passed on the DCMA training, this school is the only music residence they know, where they can learn and grow as talented musicians and artists.
One tourist from Cyprus, who recently visited the DCMA school, wrote on TripAdvisor: Personally, meeting your musicians was my best time to visit there.
As the Zanzibari tourism industry continues to grow rapidly, the DCMA school believes that music has an important place in celebrating, promoting and promoting the Swedish culture, their heritage and their history.
Zanzibar is more fucks and its luxurious hotels are a part of the flagship flagship in the great history of collections and historical connections.
Addition of Editor: The writer of this article was once granted to the DCMA school.
Sierra Leone: Healthcare providers are preparing to enter the Ebola-related area.
Flickr image by EC/ECHO/Cyprien Fabre, August 2, 2014.
(CC by NC-ND 2.0)
Earlier on August 12, the World Health Organization (WHO) issued a positive report on the development of the laboratory processes of several drug trials for the treatment of Ebola in the Democratic Republic of Congo (South of the Congo).
According to the WHO, Ebola drugs have shown positive outcomes that will lead to hopes of survival for Ebola patients, and it continues to explain that two out of four drugs have shown that they are highly capable of treating Ebola.
Who is responsible for Ebola?
Mr. Professor Jean-Jacques Muyembe-Tamfum, Director-General of the Institut National de Recherche Biomédicale (INRB) DR of Congo, has spent a large part of his life in the search for the virus Ebola.
While the international media has been broadly discussed about how Ebola causes a large number of deaths in the Congo, the news about the terrorist is very little spoken by the media.
Mujembe-Tamfum explained: that we will no longer say that Ebola (EVD) is unacceptable.
Due to the work of Mujembe-Tamfum addiction, scientists conducted trials of four drugs to treat Ebola: ZMapp, remdesivir, mAb114 and REGN-EB3.
Reactions to clinical trials conducted to 499 participants in the study showed that patients referred to to in REGN-EB3 or mAb114 showed that they had a higher chance of infection compared to those referred to in two other medications.
The study was conducted under the supervision of the Institute of National de Recherche Biomédicale (INRB), the Ministry of Health of the Congo and three other organizations involved in the provision of health services: the International Association of Health Affairs (ALIMA), the International Medical Corps (IMC) and Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF).
Congo citizen responsible for access to Ebola
Muyembe-Tamfum has been doing Ebola-related research since it was first for this disease in the Congo where in 1976 he was the first researcher to explore the area where the Ebola disease was first.I spent four decades of my life searching for an order for the treatment of the Ebola disease.Therefore, this is a success in my life-Dr Jean-Jacques Muyembe, who is the Chief Director of the Institut National de Recherche Biomedicale of the Democratic Republic of Congo along with his colleagues have discovered a new range of Ebola disease that can treat the symptoms of this disease in just three hours.
Dr Jean-Jacques Muyembe, who is the Chief Director of the National Institut de Recherche Biomedicale of the Democratic Republic of #Congo, and his colleagues have discovered a new epidemic of Ebola that can treat the signs of this disease in just three hours.
Professor of Microbiology at the University of Kinshasa, the Democratic Republic of Congo, has so far spent about 40 years searching for the pathology of this disease.
In 1995, he worked with the WHO for the implementation of a project he worked with the WHO in implementing identification methods to tackle this disease after the first report of Ebola patients in the city of Kyiv, the Democratic Republic of Congo.
Professor Muyembe-Tamfum (who stayed with a voice player) spoke during the education training for the community in Beni, Northern Kivu, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, early in September 2018.
Photo by MONUSCO/Aqueel Khan (CC BY-SA 2.0)
Following this discovery, Ebola victims now have a great chance to be hoping to get immediate care and thus hospitalized for more treatment they will be living.
With 90 percent of patients being able to go to healthcare centers and get treatment and return as adults, they believe in this medicine and build confidence in their communities and all the citizens in general.
by Jean-Jacque Muyembe-Tamfum
Causes of Ebola Disease
The first Ebola patients were diagnosed in 1976 near the Ebola river in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
According to the Center for Prevention and Prevention of Diseases (CDC), since then, Ebola virus has been repeatedly spreading from a natural source (this has not yet been understood) and directing people in Africa to spread the disease.
The Ebola epidemic has occurred since 1976.
Photo map from the Anti-Mogojwal Center
Between 2014 and 2016 more than 28,600 people were to be infected with Ebola in West Africa.
According to the 2015 World Health Organization report:
In 2014, Senegal had a single epidemic of Ebola and no deaths were.
WHO has announced that Nigeria’s action to tackle Ebola virus as part of a major work to tackle rapidly spread hazardous disease.
In January 2015, Mali to have 8 Ebola patients and 6 deaths.
However, the situation was very bad between March and June2016 in three countries: in Sierra Leone: more than 14,000 people suffered from Ebola with 4,000 deaths; Liberia: approximately 10,000 people suffered from Ebola and 3,000 died.Guinea: 3,800 suffered from Ebola and 2,500 died.
Overview of Ebola Disease
The Ebola disease caused severe damages in African countries in 2015 when two Ebola patients were to die in the U.S., one in Spain and one in Germany.
GabyFleur Böl, a researcher at the Berlin Disaster Assessment Institute, Germany, other reports of Ebola patients in Spain, Germany, the UK, Italy and Switzerland.
At the same time, Ebola infection was considered to be a death sentence due to the lack of proper treatment.
As Böl explained to say, the highest rate of deaths caused by Ebola and also /a> sometimes reports of fraud through the media about Ebola contributed to raising fear around the world.
Such data were also covered by 2017 research that Hal Roberts, Brittany Seymour, Sands Alden Fish II, Emily Robinson and Ethan Zuckerman analyzed More than 109,000 articles published in major media and blogs in the U.S. between July and November 2014, the core of the analysis was the information about Ebola.
They discovered the three major times about Ebola news in the major media and blogs in the U.S. occurred July 27, September 28, and October 15, 2014:
On July 27, it was for the first time that U.S. doctors in Liberia were infected with Ebola.
On September 30th, the media previously that Thomas Duncan was diagnosed with Ebola in Texas and that it was the first time that the disease was in the United States.
On October 12, the reports of Ebola patients who are a healthcare provider were widely in the United States.
After the 12th of October, other Ebola attacks have been a series of conditions that lead to its prevention to extinguish from day to day.
There is a possibility that the U.S. media has much about the Ebola disease due to the occurrence of the disease in the country.
Also, due to the ease of sharing information on social networks, Ebola has occurred widely discussed in European and U.S. media.
However, it is expected to see if the medical reports of the Ebola disease discovered by Africans from the Democratic Republic of Congo that addresses this African disease will be placed in the media as it was in 2017.
Erick Kabendera gave training to journalists in 2012, Dare s salam.
Photo by Pernille Baerendtsen, used with permission
On the 29th of July, the six-century soldiers forcefully captured Erick Kabendera at his home in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania and arrested him.
Police say Kabendera has suspended the order of self-determination in order to restrict his citizenship as it is M-Tanzania.
Over the past week, the police broke down the house twice, mixing his travel documents, his other personal documents and his family’s custody.
On the 5th of August, the authorities changed the case, and Kabandera was charged with errors of taxation, paying a tax amount of $75,000, as well as involving the criminal network.These errors are in accordance with the charges issued by the Agency for the Protection of Journalists (CPJ).
Police say Kabendera has committed these errors for a period of four years since 2015.
For charges against the Cabendera can be removed by a sentence of up to 15 years in prison and can not be granted guarantee.
The Taliban of Tanzania
In the first instance, the writer, who saw the bullying were many who claimed not m-Tanzania, who had missed the bullying, is now accused of faulty internet errors and failing to pay taxes.
With Erick Kabendera, his fault is to be a journalist.
The freedom of the media has increased significantly during this period of Tanzania Magufuli is by CPJ.
A representative of the Institute for the Protection of Journalists (CPJ) in the southern Sahara countries, Muthoka Mumo says:
It seems that over the past week the authorities have been looking for a way to prove the reasons for the detention, the free writer and critic.
First they claimed they claimed that the citizenship of Erick Kabendera was not valid, today they have added another completely different charges, which makes us wonder why they intend to arrest.
As a journalist Kabendera has been criticizing the government of President John Magufuli and has often been defending the freedom of the press.
Reports to domestic and international media such as The Guardian, African Arguments and The East African about Tanzania’s politics and how people behave.
Jebra Kambole, who is the deputy of Kabendera, says that the talks were also arrested by Kabendera for allegations against the government through his article published in The Economist, with the news head John Magufuli advocating news freedom of Tanzania.
The news reached the following point: journalist Erick Kabendera was charged with violent statements against the government due to an article published in The Economist, in which John Magufuli claims freedom of news Tanzania information from Zebra Kambole says that Mr Kabendera was guaranteed.
It was made as a material for humiliating people.
The family says, this is not the first time the government asks about citizenship.
The government also opened the same lawsuit in 2013, but the case was later dismissed, according to The Citizen.
In the meantime, he saw that the authorities wanted to use the issue of examining his citizenship as a way to abolish.
Last year, The Citizen newspaper also a number of cases that the government used the issue of the court tool to encourage criticism in Tanzania.
Aidan Eyakuze, the Chief Executive Officer of Twaq, a citizen association, called on citizens’ voices, said authorities have confused his travel document and allowed him to travel while his citizenship investigation is ongoing.
Two weeks before the incident, could We report the results of the research called Say the Truth to the authorities?
Political opinions of the people in Tanzania
The Science and Technology Commission (Costech) claimed that the investigation was not approved and required to take legal action but later the case was dismissed, this is according to the same article of The Citizen newspaper.
In recent years, Tanzania has brought a number of legislative amendments aiming at the bloggers and the media, civil organizations, art and culture organizations and together with researchers and researchers the action taken by investigators of affairs that criticize the government as a attempt to control information coming from Tanzania and to promote freedom of expression and political rights.
Read more: Are you interested in blogging or blogging?
#FreeEricKabendera
Hundreds of journalists, human rights activists, suppressed leaders and citizens have burned on social networks to release Kabendera:
AFEX Africa calls these criticisms a clear intention of power use
It is now nine days and still Tanzania police are continuing to stop the imprisonment of the writer Erick Kabendera who is chanted @AFEXafrica saying there is a need to be ended by this action of open use of force.
HTTPS://t.co/7UFZkzYzwV @MRA_Nigeria @FXISouthAfrica @gmpressunion #FreeErickKabendera #NoImpunity
AFEX (@AFEXafrica) August 6, 2019
Kabendera, who has often been studying and encouraging young writers, made him once his student send this message from the Twitter network:
I met Erick Kabendera just once in my life, and for no more than 80 minutes.
He appeared as a student called to come to teach (the school of journalism and public communication- @UniofDar).
But despite being us for a short time, I learned a lot from him.
I was really excited.
#100K4Erick
Another online user believes to be arrested by Kabendera and mistaken is a warning sign for other citizens:
It’s a good thing to say, or it’s a good thing to say, or it’s a good thing to say, or it’s a good thing to say, or it’s a good thing to say, or it’s a good thing to say, or it’s a good thing to say, or it’s a good thing to say, or it’s a good thing to say, or it’s a good thing to say, or it’s a good thing to say, or it’s a good thing to say.
The righteousness will not go to him today and I will give it, it may go to me anytime tomorrow.
There is no safe government.
I and you are Ivan Golunov.
Flag tested by Meduza, and used with permission
: This description of the Russian language means that the rate of scrutiny that the substantial scrutiny is being scrutiny a good way is to present how the number of Russians arrested and arrested by Ivan Golunov the popular researcher is increasing.
He was arrested on June 6 in Moscow for allegations of interference with drug intake.
Golunov was arrested and refused to be a lawyer in a matter that is contrary to the Russian law.
His lawyer confirmed he had severe pain.
After he was taken to the hospital he was allowed and placed in other special creatures on June 8th.
Initially, Russian soldiers uploaded photographs of the wounded drug laboratories in the Golunov Gulf House, but later the photographs were released.
Also a pro-Kremlin news agency in Russia today confirmed that the photos were not posted on the Golunov walls.
Golunov was charged with 10 to 20 years in prison.
36-year-old Golunov is working on Meduza, one of the few reliable social networks using the remaining Russian language.
Meduza was registered in neighboring Latvia, but it has a few offices and journalists in Russia.
Golunov has led to publish an investigation of several cases of corruption involving senior leaders.
Since Golunov has been arrested, Meduza has been submitting Golunov articles under the license of creative commons and has encouraged the media and individuals to re-publish the news, which is strongly supported by Global Voices.
Among the important news he published was about Mayor Pyotr Biryukov who approved projects for his family and how the project to make Moscow an interesting city had a budget exceeding estimates.
The news that he was addressed before was not arrested was about the breakdown of food services in Moscow.
The arrest of Golunov triggered solidarity statements that were rare among journalists, prosecutors and lawyers and even famous refugees and famous people outside Mscow and St. Petersburg.
On June 10th, three major newspapers agreed to publish editions that support Golunov in front pages.
The newspapers were sold and recorded.
In the unusual circumstances of the pro-Kremlin media as well as Channel One, in which many viewers are calling for a fair investigation.
June 12 will be the day of Russia, where public protests and demonstrations allowed by local governments will be held.
According to the Russian law, public demonstrations require permission.
People who supported Golunov announced that they would have their own patterns without obtaining official permission.
The Kremlin observers say the Russian government is looking to remove the charges against the reporter before June 20th.
The day President Vladimir Putin, whose levels have broken down in the history of the country, will be speaking directly by telephone during the period of conversation with the public for the year where he receives questions from citizens by telephone and social media.
Writer Mkenya Binyavanga Wainaina at the Book Fair in Brooklyn, in 2009.
The 48-year-old died on Tuesday 22 May in the city of Nairobi, Kenya.
Photo by Nightscream, CC 3.0 and Wikimedia Commons.
It’s only 24 hours since the Biovanga Named Writers Mkenya collapsed in this world, but its presence and impact will continue to decline throughout the world.
Indeed, the writer shoga-mo-clear signed a meeting and addressed the government's challenge to a revolutionary paper that will open the door to thousands of writers who want to change in writing and explaining how Africa is.
A 48-year-old LGBTQ writer, teacher and activist, Binyavanga Wainaina, died on Tuesday, May 22, in Nairobi, Kenya, after a short period of pregnancy.
Today I wondered: What will your life mean when you leave?
The death of Binyavanga made me think about what I was five or many years ago and it was also for us as a young man with a passion and hunger for various changes on our countryside and for us as well.
Fungai Machirori (@fungaijustbeing) May 22, 2019
For a few minutes, his friends, followers, and his fans went on social networks to exchange memories and thanks and discuss his many very thrilling texts.
The names are well-known for their publication articles, How to write about Africa, published in the 2006 newspaper.
Also, known for his book of memories of his life of the year 2012, One Day I'll write about this section, and the article of Mother, I'm a basha, published in Chimurenga, in conjunction with Africa is a country published in 2014.
The article was very shocking on Twitter because people tried to disclose the truth and the newspapers called them one of the 100 most influential people in the world.
In an article on how to describe Africa, they called the western media and the support of all the existing industries in Nairobi that they are developing inappropriate discrimination on the African coast by using massive foolishness.
Do not try to put a good African picture on the bookboard or inside it unless the African has won the Nobel Prize.
Bottle type AK-47, bracelet bracelet, open mattress: use this.
If you need to include Africa, make sure you get from Masai or Zulu or Dogon clothes.
It was a little bit narrow, writes the writer Mnaijeria Nwachukwu Egbunike.
His article or book, which is highly recognised by practitioners, non-governmental organizations and aid workers, has had great understanding effects on Africa and these results continue to be surrounding, shocking and shocking.
About its results, the writer Pernille Bærendtsen writes:
For me, the article has followed me since I was given as a gift in 2008 with my friend Mkenya.
Indeed I am one of the people interested in Binyavanga: A well-being development worker who was hired in Tanzania and the Danish government agency wrote about the results of the article.
This was the time when the development and support of the industry increased its effectiveness in order to get flexible for the cost exchange that is expected.
I had many reasons to feel embarrassed, but I also had time to plan a way of changing.
Later, Binyavanga explained in the Bidoun newspaper how this article only occurred in life with two effects: By keeping it clear and explaining the risks on journalists, non-governmental organizations employees, communists, guardians, students and travel writers who read these guidelines in a way or even a way of not writing about Africa, he begins to request his approval.
He was the son of a married father and a immigrant mother, who continued to shout the fraud that was revealed on Africa especially through the 2012 memorial newspaper of his life, known as One Day I'll write about the place here.
According to the news, he attracted readers from his childhood in the 1970s in Kenya and a period as a student in South Africa where he lived many years in prison.
The criticism regarded the book as true and true, but later the Knights thought he had forgotten the important love chapter of his life.
Mom, I’m a shoga, the names were the first high-quality and being open to crying on social networks, and raising a form of opinion from the community.
It appears to be a figure lost in the memory of his life.
The names saw the asshole that he was smoking for his mother was about to die.
His article was open for a long time as a campaign against the massive anti-tuberculosis conference and anti-tuberculosis law was launched in Uganda and subsequently in Tanzania where anti-tuberculosis is criminal.
Read more: Tanzania's position on the political agenda
However, unlike other journalists who were detained, Wainain returned home as Nanjala Nyabola explains BBC through Twitter, saying it was important:
For those of us who grew up with the famous Greek journalists who lived in prison, who were declared prison, poor or unreported or very badly annulled, he returned home and that was a very important thing.
He was uncomprehensible, but for this he deserves to be grateful.
We have to say our thoughts.
While the truth was loved by various international groups, home he criticized and faced the pressure of impotence in the established foundation.
He claimed freedom of speech and freedom of speech.
With courage in the community that is enabled by LGBTQ, he insisted on pressing the foundation of this
In response to the question and other answers, the same year the men wrote We should say our thoughts, on Yuotube there were six-part messages that followed his thoughts on freedom and thought.
I need to live a life of freedom of mind, explained in the first part.
I ask this generation of young parents to have young people who see Africans writing their own news that is a simple political attitude that everyone should be aware of.
I’m looking forward to seeing a place where all kinds of thoughts of a person don’t need until they are allowed.
I am an African of all Africa, I need to see this region changing.
Often the men expressed his passion for mind through his writing, education and leadership.
In 2002, after winning Caine's best prize for her home discovery article, he spent the money of that prize in collaboration to establish It?
Newspapers aimed at developing voice and new ideas are opening up throughout the country.
And what?
It continued to be published for a long time and has a network that connects journalists from Lagos to Nairobi, Mogadishu to Accra.
Read more:We Work to Prevent Rebellion': Words Speaked in Eastern Africa
When he voted unpleasantly on social agreements in Kenya he made it publicly shame and later made it clear that he has an infection virus through Twitter World AIDS Day in 2016 often brought pain, competition and it often came with backlash, struggle and pain.
The names were a gentle man who fought with anxiety and often fought so much because of being a famous man who seemed to be his strict role in society as a person of people.
He had fans but was overwhelmed by criticism from the famous writer Shailja Patel, who accused the men of being a humble man to hate homosexual people with loving relationships.
Twitter user, Néo Músangi acknowledges the shortcomings of the behavior of the People in his Twitter message:
I don’t have enough strength but I admire Bean as my loving friend in my harshness and perseverance.
I’m very sad that he’s bothered others.
I am sorry that he was missing as a human being.
We will be cleansed.
Writer Bwesigye Mwsigire, director of the Writivism Festival in Uganda, also explained this dispute via Facebook:
His lifestyle was a problem.
Good and wrong.
People we hold because of their work and their thoughts are only people.
It is human.
Are we ready to love them in their challenges Are we ever ready to love them in their complexity?
So far, a lot has been discussed about it.
There is no need to repeat what is said.
The people remembered the pain.
This is the pain of the person hears for his death.
There is only one name.
It is for now.
for his life.
The rise of the rise
The activist Mkenya Boniface Mangi sent a message via Twitter after sending a message of disguise to the people through Facebook; fraud and narrow comments followed his message.
The names were a person with a hardness that should be remembered:
I sent a short message via Facebook about the death of Binyavanga, #RIPBinyavanga had a bad comment and so embarrassed I never read.
Even the sheep who reaches taxes and kills people finds no such great injustice.
The truth is, Binya had a mind and a fatigue and will continue to be read and remembered.
A counselor who is a mother-in-law advocate and writer Rosebell Kagumire revealed what he learned from the humiliation of the men to say clearly:
Let me go.
Do not blame yourself.
Find out what you need to read.
You are registered.
To your truth and to your heart.
As soon as you breathe your last breath, you will have millions of meaningful words that you’ve delivered to the Big Bang.
Through his life and letters, he gave himself and countless others the permission to imagine life as it could be otherwise, and his sudden passing inspired poetic musings:
One day I will write about your loving hair.
One day I will write about you.
One day I will write about you.
One day I will write about your ability to think.
One day I will write about rejecting you.
Writing by Asante
Mkenya Yvonne Adhiambo Owuor who is a journalist and writer of Dust, and truly a friend of the Knights, concludes with the final suggestions:
Who told me to leave?
From your body in the night without leaving a new sun?
The voice was silent, the eyes were silent, he said, You only have 3 seconds to repair the unity you here.
Who told you to leave?
From your body without leaving a new one?
Who is the one who can go with fear and disappear with a letter of approaching?
Now he is among the famous people, you can connect with the planet of Bean if you have a great memory of his work.
The front page of the de Angola newspaper about the winning plot of Telstar company.
Published by Dércio Tsandzana, 19 April 2019 and with permission
Angola President João Lourenço on April 18 followed the government's call for mobile operators in the country, saying the winner of the call Telstar did not meet the essential requirements required to provide the service.
The President's decision may show divisions in the Government of Angola.
Telstar’s company was founded in January 2018 with the first $200,000 (as US$600), and its major stakeholders are Manuel João Carneiro (90 percent) and the trader António Cardoso Mateus (10 percent), this report is from the Portuguese Observador newspaper.
According to Angola network reports, Manuel João Carneiro's victory was awarded by his term president Eduardo dos Santos.
The Observador newspaper that 27 companies were involved in the application process opened by the Ministry of Communications and Information Technology under José Carvalho da Rocha.
According to the Angola newspaper on 25 April, João Lourenço signed the procedures that set up new laws for the opening of the ceremony.
After the results of the first trial opened to the public, many Angola citizens promised fairness in the process.
Some went away saying that the winner Telstar never had a site.
This was quoted by Skit Van Darken, editor and editor of the video via Facebook:
Telstar Telecommunications, Ltd, was established on January 26, 2018, with the first 200,000 member from the Diário da República newspaper, whose participants are the general Manuel João Carneiro (90 percent) and António Cardoso Mateus (10 percent).
A large stakeholder has a relationship with the company Mundo Startel, a firm that is registered with INACOM, a communications controller with a license although it has passed its time.
A company that does not have a website!
Syamini is a kidogo cottage composed of the U.S. and Vietnamese
NCHI is AIBU
For now, Joaquim Lunda, a regular journalist and broadcaster on social networks, has rejected the President’s action and even felt that the Minister concerned has escaped the risk of being dismissed by failure:
The translation is grateful and is an action of renewal, the decision taken by the President of the Republic, João Lourenço, to abolish the government law that the Angola company Telstar won the license to be a communications operator in Angola the license for the fourth telecommunications operator in Angola.
There were a lot of people unhappy with a lot of important things to keep open the boundariesThere were many reservations and a lot of points to clarify around the issue.
One doesn’t see a cheer in the company that was founded in 2018 with the first thousand 200 centuries, to be awarded a peer-to-peer award.
I am very sure that the days of the Minister of Communications and Information Technology are counting.
After failure with ANGOSAT 1, now and this we witness today, I am worried as Fear if it will do anything.
Let’s be happy with the game!!
The President's decision came after the prime minister who led in 2017, the set-up project Angosat 1, comes into trouble again.
Adriano Sapiñala, the representative of the major opposition party he sees the problem reveals a confrontation in the government:
JLo [João Lourenço] should plan his team well because yesterday the prime minister was saying that the time of complaints has ended and thus Telstar will continue with the next step because it was the winner of the contest and today JLo is emerging and deleting the contest!
Is communication not good?
Now maybe the prime minister is just the position of (righteous) or JLo should shut down because if he dropped the crane it is because his process was not good and so that it doesn't affect anyone clean people must be responsible!!
Blanka Nagy spoke at the protest in January 2019.
Photo by Mark Tremmel, CC BY-NC-SA 2.5.
This news was written by Tamás B. Kovács and translated by Anita Kőműves for the Hungarian Non-Commercial Journal, Atlatszo.
This post is available here as a sign of his collaboration with Global Voices.
Hungarian government-backed media have launched a new attack on Blanka Nagy, a school student who spoke badly against the government in several protests since the end of 2018.
Nagy suffered a lot of criticism against him and has also been dismissed by gender and a source of news has dismissed him.
He has already opened a law enforcement case and won a trial against the three agencies that support the government, Lokàl, Ripost and Origo, saying he was going to school.
However, after Nady won the trial against Origo, the source attacked again by publishing her school report.
Nady told Atlatszo that he was thinking of charging Origo again because of their close news.
Blanka Nagy became popular in Hungary last winter after speaking in protest against the government, where he criticized popular politicians, while speaking hard.
His words were detailed by social media users through the video of his speech.
Two months after his video cracked the emotions on social media, government-backed media such as Zsolt Bayer launched a series of attacks against him.
He said he had received a lot of his studies and also had missed many days of his studies.
They also call unknown gifts who want to be famous and famous.
His representative verified a copy of his outcomes in court and showed that he was not involved in his studies and also those copies of the outcomes were given to the representatives of Origo.
The news source decided to publish information from the report of Nagy's results and said that he was approaching the history submission previously and is also in the document of the acquisition of other studies as well.
When #VyomboConsiliaryHungary struggles about the young daughter of protestant Blanka Nagy, he was accused of torture and won.
They were asked to please and modify their information but refused and continued to blame.
TV2 broadcasting channel spent all the time of news reports disclosing its results, stating the copy placed in court but not stating the judgment was https://t.co/MyllWb2Jwh
Joost (@almodozo) April 5, 2019
I and my representative we think to ask for the news source that published a copy of my results from school, Nagy told Atlatszo in an interview.
He said Origo had no right to publish his results.
He and his lawyers believe that Origo had no right even to see the results of his representation in court.
And their recent opinions are not true either, Nady said.
I don’t mention my story, different from what they said.
I have good results my score is more than 2 (which is matched with grade C).
They say lies.
I wonder if it would be true because in my family there was a history teacher among my grandparents, he ended up saying.
I think all these crimes against me are a very strange thing but I’m regretted again.
It shows how somehow I dismiss some of the high authorities of the Fidesz ruling party.
The fact is that Zsolt Bayer’s action itself attacked the government-backed media to disclose false reports against me, they confirm it, he added.
Blanka Nagy is a school student: Fidesz leads to a wicked, wicked, evil and a catastrophe.
This evil group of massacres, this government of the few, are wrapping their wings for their life of life while you are worshipping for the wrath when you are wrath.
He said the truth.
This is Hungary.
Deterrence and disclosure of false reports are the only weapons of the agencies that support the Hungarian government.
Some of the opposition authorities have responded by accusing the media of disguise.
According to the latest data collected by Atlatszo, major propaganda sources have failed many cases, and the court has been ordered to suspend the report 109 times for 2018.
They can’t put their ideas in our tables so they shoot us #SOSNicaragua It’s like one demonstrator’s tables during the protests for political prisoners in Managua.
by August, 2018.
Photo by: Jorge Mejía Peralta (CC BY 2.0)
Since the massive protests against President Daniel Ortega dropped in Nicaragua in April 2018, the government has banned the protests, arrested thousands without suspicion of charges and jointly closed major and alternative media sources.
The attempts to negotiate have been overwhelmed, for now the end of Nicaragua remains a difficult question.
Demonstrations began with the opposition to a change in the policy of the social reserve settings, which would boost income tax rates while reducing economic interests in the country.
Initially the process was carried out by the authorities that opened the door to protests throughout the country for the resignation of President Daniel Ortega, his wife and Vice-President Rosario Murillo.
The number of deaths resulting from the protests has gone down and has not been updated since last year as the restrictions against the use of information and memory have increased.
In December 2018, the government closed some NGOs that were closely monitoring police violence and human rights violations from the Center for Human Rights of Nicaragua (Cenidh) and the Institute for Democratic Development (Ipade).
Also in December that, two groups of the Commissioner for Inner American Human Rights (IACHR)The Comprehensive Monitoring Program of Nicaragua (MESENI) and the Group of Free Refugees of Diversity were dismissed from the country, leaving Nicaragua without a free human rights instrument and opening a new measure of abuse, this is according to the Women’s Rights and Education Officer María Teresa Blandón.
Read more: We are the Disadvantages We Help Victims': The Disadvantages of Human Rights in Nicaragua
The low estimate of injuries, identified by the government in August 2018 increased to 197.
However, the Human Rights Organization, supported the existence of 322 deaths until September 18 2018, where many of the deaths were by head shootings, shootings and shootings.
The blogger Ana Siú recently wrote on Medium about her experience in the April 2018 protests:
I saw my friend from the show as he was attacked by a gang via Instagram Shopping.
I heard him knock down and struggling to avoid suffering [] In the end, the man who attacked him on the pitch left him but took his phone.
He didn’t know he was a businessman.
Then he said, Let’s go!
We need to take these phone calls.
The event lasted for 20 minutes.
He also announced the 30th May demonstrations, where there were historic protests held on the date that Nicaragua celebrates Mother's Day, where 15 people were killed.
The day we changed our views on the protest.
Some of us were in the protests that we saw how they were killing young people.
This is the first time the police have attacked a massive demonstration with a fire shot.
I’ve never been close to death like that.
While students gathered to themselves at universities in the capital Managua, bombers closed the roads in the bombing areas.
In June, Masaya protesters declared the East City an independent authority from the dictatorship.
The government attacked the protesters who made self-defense screws and responded to police attacks.
The protesters continued to engage with violence and fighting and by August 2018 there were 22 police officers killed, and this is based on government data.
In the middle of 2018, the police launched the so-called operation limpieza (Reinigung Operation) to destroy the prisoners and accuse those accused of involving the shipyard.
The reports say the security agencies have done this in cooperation with the terrorist groups.
Many students, leaders of farmers’ movements, lawmakers and journalists were placed in the dangerous campaign and many of them were arrested.
And some of the health servants who served the injured during the protests were dismissed by what they did.
The Nicaragua Medical Association said at least 240 doctors were dismissed to work in public hospitals as a remedy.
Read more: Protesters in Nicaragua and journalists are confronted with massive attacks on the streets and on the networks.
In September the protests were made unlawful anymore, and any activity currently in the towns requires special permission from the authorities, where often such violations are admitted.
On February 27, 2019, the table of talks between the government and the opposition party, Alianza Cívica por la Justicia y la Democracia (Union of Rights and Democracy for Citizens), followed and released hundreds of people from prisons.
Compared to previous talks, this session did not include leaders of farmers and students’ movements, because some of them are in prison, and others are in prison.
The new president is not a new start.
Since this country’s crisis is entering the second year now, the migrants and concerns of tomorrow in Nicaragua are covered by the hashtag #SOSNicaragua, which is released daily with claims, photos of the victims and screams on the students who are displaced and their families.
Read more: Nicaragua's Diaspora activists double burden
A Nicaragua news source, Niú interviewed the protesters leading the February demonstration in neighboring parts of Costa Rica and explained the difficulty of their lives in the immigration.
Alejandro Donaire, a student said he fled the country after participating in peaceful protests, told Niú how difficult it was to feel to be part of society and normal life, after spending a long time living hiding, escaping and protesting.
Madelaine Caracas, a spokesman for a group of students understood as Student Cooperation for Democracy, also joined Niú’s voice of desire to see a change in Nicaragua that will be more than Ortega leaving:
[We want] to eliminate the dictatorship, sexual harassment, individuality and other harm that has affected the country’s political culture.
We are more confident that Ortega will leave this year and that I will return to Nicaragua this year.
And I’m sure because Ortega is currently in the international and economic atmosphere and also because all those who participated in the April protests are fully prepared for now.
The last round of talks between the Government and the opposition ended on April 3, with agreement on two topics between the four discussed.
The first government has promised that it will release all political prisoners and the second will respect the freedom of citizens.
There was no agreement made on the rights of victims of election violence or protest for the 2021 election.
The opposition group of the Civil Union said, however, the government has failed to comply with the agreement.
According to the report, the police have continued to promote peaceful protests.
As was April 6, there are only 50 prisoners among the 600 political prisoners released, and they have been detained in their homes.
Later on April 17, following a new blockade by the U.S., more than 600 prisoners were released and went to end their prisons in domestic prisons, however, according to the Citizens' Union, the only 18 members of the group were on the list of political prisoners who were hoping to be released.
In the minds of people like the Investigator and researcher Felix Madariaga, the new leader of tomorrow in Nicaragua has remained in prison today.
At the same time, opposition groups called for protests to celebrate the memorial of the April 2018 events.
Following a statement from the authorities and an agreement against the protests, it is also expected that there will be a new aggression from the police.