Photo by President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, President Muhammadu Buhari by Bayo Omoboriowo via Wikimedia Commons, May 29, 2015, (CC BY-SA 4.0).
The Nigerian government announced on Friday that it would block Twitter in the country, days after it deleted a remarkable tweet by Nigerian President Muhammadu Buhari claiming that the government would use violence against Igbo ethnic groups.
Despite the removal of the tweet, the message went viral on social media, reminding the pain of civil war that has claimed the lives of more than a million people.
But the tweet sparked a movement on social media to stand with Igbo Nigerians.
In a series of tweets published on June 1, 2021, Buhari threatenes to address Nigerians from the east part of the country in the language they understand, referring to the civil war in Nigeria between 1967-1970 against the separatist movement of the Biafra Republic, in southeast Nigeria.
The tweet was written following a series of attacks against the government and security forces in the area, which is suspected of having a militant group associated with the Biafra Resident (IPOB), a movement of people seeking the Biafra part to form.
The group has denied responsibility for the attacks, according to Voice of America.
Many of those who showed disciplinary apathy today were relatively young to understand the destruction and loss of lives from the Nigerian Self-Defense, said Buhari's tweet, which has now been canceled:
A screenshot of Nigerian President Buhari's threat tweet
Tweets responded with the comments made by Buhari, who was apparently angry at the Presidential Palace, the capital city, Abuja, on the direction of an attack on electoral officials.
I think we have given them a fairly good platform.
They had said what they wanted, but now they wanted to destroy the country, he said, apparently speaking of the people who wanted to secede:
Buhari speaks with his tear
Buhari, a former general, was in the army during Nigeria's civil war.
The deadly war led to the death of more than a million Igbo people and residents of the eastern region, according to Chima J. Korieh, a professor of African history at the Marquette University in the United States.
For many Nigerians, the independence war in Biafra region is, in general, considered a tragic event of forgetting, but for the Igbo people who have fought for the independence, it remains that this has changed the meaning of their lives, says Nigerian author Adaobi Tricia Nwaubani.
(Dondoo: The author is from Igbo ethnic group.)
Twitter's policy on hateful behaviors blocks tweets that preach violence and threaten people with a category of race, tribe, national origin.
Tweeting of the sort, like Buhari, goes down by the company or by users themselves forcing them to delete content that goes against the policy.
Lai Mohammed, Nigeria's minister of information, described the president's tweet's removal by the social media company as a mysterious event:
Twitters Mission In Nigeria Is Suspicious, Says Lai Mohammed pic.twitter.com/6hbAKsnj VM
Tweets with threats are still accessible online
An investigation by Digital Africa Research Lab (DigiAfricaLab) suggests that Buhari's threatening tweet still appears on account several days after he was cancelled by Twitter, a result of his quoting:
More than 30 hours after Twitter deleted Nigerian president @MBuhari's tweet for breaking the law, deleted Bado INSANE on multiple online accounts due to quotations!
By accessing various accounts from different devices, DigiAfricaLab saw more than 17,000 tweets quoted by users before the social network hacked off the @MBuhari and @NGRPresident accounts, all of which were verified tweets used by President Buhari.
Furthermore, DigiAfricaLab was able to click and retweet President Buhari's retweet.
Eliminated tweets may still be visible for Twitter users because the tools used on Twitter (API) depend on other network tools that link to the URLs of Twitter.
Another reason, according to J. D. Biersdorfer of The New York Times, is that removed tweets may still be available and visible in the search results until the site is resumed in a new copy of the tweets on the main page of the account.
#IAmIgboToo hashtag response
A tweet of President Buhari's threats triggered a buzz from Nigerians on Twitter, which took the headlines with the hashtag #IAmIgboToo to express their sympathy.
Likewise, Nigerian Twitter users from various ethnic groups also used Igbo language names to stand with Igbo people.
An analysis carried out on June 4, 2021 by Global Voices using Brand Mentions showed that within seven days, the hashtag #IAmIgboToo was mentioned 508 times, used 319,200 times, topped 457,500 people, and shared 313,100 times on Twitter and Instagram.
A screenshot of the words mentioned under the hashtag #IAmIgboToo
Human rights activist Aisha Yesufu uses the name Waekela Somtochukwu, referring to joining and praying God while denying that President Buhaari had intimidated the Igbo people saying the Igbo attack was an attack on me:
My name is Aisha Somtochukwu Yesufu.
Any threat to the Igbo people is just to call me a call.
To attack Igbo people is to attack me.
I condemn the 1967 threats from President Buhari to the Igbo people
No Nigerian is better than any Nigerian
Rock artist and music producer Jude Abaga (M.I Abaga) expressed his enthusiasm for the country to continue this hating statement:
The description that Nigeria takes Igbo is pathetic and leaves the same variable view.
#KomeshaSars Rinuola [Rinuola] Oduala, nicknamed Kigbo Ochiaga, referring to the leader of the military, reminisced with pride the powerful contribution of Ki Igbo women to Nigeria's history, referring to the Aba Women's Rescue in November 1929:
I can recall the Aba Women’s Revolution where at least 25,000 women protested against colonial harassment.
I come from the same venue with women of that kind, born with courage & perseverance against years of humiliation and injustice.
#MyTribeIsSouthSudan #IamIsIgbo
Blossom Ozurumba, an Igbo language translator for Global Voices, noted that threats start with humanity:
The humanity will easily eradicate the moral skepticism about killing, discrimination or torture of others because of ethnic identity.
If they aren’t seen as human beings, it’s easy to justify acts of violence against them.
The search for humanity, according to Ozurumba, makes it easier to get rid of the moralized concern for murder, discrimination, or torture of people because of their ethnic groups.
Photo by makeitkenya, CC PDM 1.0
On March 27, a lively debate erupted on Kenyan social media about the comments made by three radio hosts during the morning Breakfast Show.
The reporters were discussing the ongoing court case involving Eunice Wangari, a woman who was pushed outside the 12th floor building by a man who was in relationship with her.
On Twitter, angry Kenyans angered broadcasters Shaffie Weru, Joseph Munoru, and Neville Muysa for their comments on alleged sexual harassment, and called the broadcasters victims-guilty.
Shafie insists that the woman was pushed from the 12th floor of a building in Nairobi after saying no to the man because she left herself so independent to keep herself in a situation like that.
What a hell!
The case has been divided by netizens as some of them have agreed with the hosts.
Though the three were fired by the radio station, it revealed how Kenya's mainstream space violence has grown for women.
There are about 21.75 million Internet users in Kenya, or 40 percent of the country's population according to data reportal, a study conducted by DataReportal in 2021.
Nearly 11 million are social media users, a significant increase of 2.2 percent compared to in 2020.
According to another report by Global Telecommunication Systems (GSMA), mobile phone ownership rate is almost the same for women and men, with a five percent higher difference between men who own or are capable of access to telecommunications compared to women, in one of three Kenyan internet users is woman.
As few in Kenya, women in Kenya are often targeted with cyber bullying.
And although in 2018 a law against online harassment was passed in the country which describes behaviors as collaborating with others in a way that could cause concerns or fear of their violence or damage or dispossession with a fine of up to 10 years in prison, online harassment is still extreme.
Below we share about two other popular events that took place in the past 12 years where social media has been used as a platform for violence against women in Kenya.
COVID-19 Conventor
In March 2020, Brenda Iyv Cherotich produced the first COVID -19 case in Kenya.
He then recalled and spoke about his journey when the world started to realize the new virus.
But Cherotich did not get as calmly as he expected.
After meeting the news in April 2020, she faced online harassment and disturbance from Kenyan On Twitter (popularly referred as #KOT, a term commonly used to describe Kenyan twitter users participating in discriminatory discussions on the microblogging site) who sought to humiliate and ask the truth about her story.
Other online harasser have intercepted his personal life, his personal conversations and photos were widely circulated online, possibly after he was leaked by a friend or close a friend.
Her hair looks like Corona herself
After his outburst, Kenyan health minister Mutahi Kagwe showed up to defend Brenda, calling for the arrest of the perpetrators and calling them as a shameful attempt to destabilize the government's struggle against COVID-19.
Health Minister Mutahi Kagwe telling the police to punish social media users for abusing Brenda
And that wasn't an end to it, another victim recently fell on the #KOT attack: TV presenter Vyonne Okwara was targeted after defending Brenda and backing a minister's argument to punish cyber-dissidents.
I do not agree with Yvonne Okwara.
Your report is reckless.
It is humorous and rising to high heaven.
Where was your voice when your fellow women pulled at MWANAUME (Lonyangapuo) naked and shared her nude pictures?
It's poison
Okwara criticized the abuse for targeting women.
He said that Brian Orinda, the three victims of COVID-19, when he had gone on his heating trip with Brenda, he didn't get the same response.
This triggered the fingers of all the taboo militants that had their day on Twitter attacking Okwara.
Use of gender cards all the time.
Women should protect their respect first.
Taking such photos and sharing them is also an obscenity.
The nasty and ridiculous situation from Okwara.
So you wonder if Corona was eating in the brain.
The male nude was also online.
He has suddenly found inspiration for choosing over that.
At the beginning of the year, State House spokesman Kanze Dena was also affected by Kenyan sexual harassment.
When she gave away a press conference at the parade, netizens humiliated her body for her weight.
Soon there was a discussion on social media, and part of Kenya and other media houses defended Dena.
He is that sweet, long, short!
Who established the status quo for women?
Why is it our problem that @KanzeDena has gained weight?
Well, she is a new mother, but, she has no debt to anyone!
Breathe please!
This is a new ground we must avenge
The Elephant, one of Kenya's largest digital publications, noted that remote social media fields in Kenya and the world have become the boundaries of harmful expression.
There’s no doubt that social media has become a valuable tool for social and professional development, mostly for women.
Many women have built their own on the market and, through that process, learned how to connect with others.
Many find consumers to buy and sell their goods online.
Others recover commentary platforms, leading to hundreds if not millions of social that are not only stimulating economic growth but directly empowering men and women with limited economic impact.
They have also learned how to improve their entrepreneurial skills in the field.
Of course, social media has arisen as a good place for business.
This is important for the economic empowerment and awareness of women.
Source, The Elephant.
It seems that for women to have more meaningful online conversations on topics that directly affect their life, the Internet should be safer than now.
A rainbow flag.
Photo by Marco Verch on Flickr, CC BY 2.0.
Caribbean countries, one after the other, have been revising their laws to reflect more equality for transgender and transgender individuals by removing anti-colonial clauses.
In 2016, it started to Belize.
Two years later, Trinidad and Tobago followed, although the move has not translated into law reforms.
Three years after the court declared that these laws are going unconstitutional, finally Trinidad and Tobago seems to be on its way to amend the rules of the EOA related to homosexuality.
The law has a reasonable objective such as, preventing certain types of discrimination and promoting equality of opportunities among people in different situations.
Due to this reason, the Fursa Commission and the Fursa Court were established to deal with these issues but thus far the agencies are unable to deal with issues of discrimination against homosexuality.
Current legislation addresses gender, race, tribe, race, religion, marriage status, or disability in terms of employment, education, education, etc.
The pressure to amend the current law was on the rise after the Scotiabank Bank in Trinidad and Tobago announced on April 14 that it would scale up health services for gay couples, as well as for transgender couples.
The announcement sparked heated discussions in the country and was congratulated by the American Chamber of Commerce (AMCHAM) and Ian Roach, chairman of the Fursa Equal Commission, quoted in his discussion with Trinidad and Tobago Newsday saying:
It is a good move for the private sector especially the banks, which have different kinds of employers.
It is important for others to act in this regard, despite what the law emphasizes.
The Attorney General Faris Al-Rawi said he is inspired by the Scotiabank move to protect the rights of people and that the doors are open to do what is needed to eliminate the various forms of existing discrimination in the country.
Al-Rawi's stance seems to have changed according to his stance after the 2018 Supreme Court verdict; as soon as an unconstitutional decision was made, the government announced his intention to appeal.
While Trinidad and Tobago have made great progress in eliminating various forms of discrimination, but when it comes to discrimination against gay people in the country, the fear that victims of religious arguments have not changed at all.
Looking at the reaction of the public to the announcement of the Scotiabank Bank on social media platforms like Facebook, the opposition was huge.
Meanwhile, gays continue not only to fight discrimination, but also violent acts, often end up fatality.
In this recent case, the death of Marcus Anthony Singh, a member of the LGBTIQ community, sparked widespread discussion online about the conditions where homosexuals face, in particular, their safety and discrimination.
Many of these conversations have been made through Twitter Spaces, a voice-over-the-top platform that allows for safe conversations and education.
While Attorney General Al Rawi has not given a formal date for the making of such legislative changes, to the gays and their associates, the optimism remains that measures taken by private companies such as the Scotiabank Bank may not long be taken by the government, and ultimately make a change of society's image.
Duval, French engineer and founder of the Gaël Institute.
Photo used with permission.
For Internet companies and technology, the gathering of information on Internet users has become their main source of income.
However, the way to generate income puts users at risk, as it demonstrates in the recurring occurrences of commercial exposure, theft and hacking.
Is there any reasonable means to improve the privacy of Internet users?
Companies like Google and Apple have invested in collecting daily customers’ information, mainly mobile phones, and a combination of common usage applications such as calendar and agenda.
Several applications have been tracking the real location of the person, and on the other hand the use of health and sports issues are focused on gathering incompetent information.
It is believed that this information is collected and confused to provide the user with what he immediately needs.
The truth is, however, that Internet users and technological applications are unaware they share their information free of charge.
Internet privacy policy activists such as the Austrian, Max Schrems, expressed his concern about the Internet companies' conduct and applications of technology to make income from their customers' data.
He also highlights the risks of recurring abuses and violations of a privacy law.
One such incident may have been well-defined through the Cambridge Analytica scandal on Facebook where the Cambridge Analytica Consultative Institute collected personal data of 87 million Facebook users without their approval in support of presidential candidates Ted Cruz and Donald Trump in early 2016.
Schrems says he warned Facebook officials about the processing of user data by the Cambridge Analytica Institute, and however, was unable to convince them to act:
Facebook officials said in their opinion that when you use a specific owner's platform, you've allowed them to use their devices to gather user data.
However, why should you ask yourself about a privacy right online when you have nothing to hide?
Activist Edward Snowden answered this question in a 2015 Reddit discussion:
Thinking that you have anything to say about privacy online since you have nothing to hide is the same as thinking that you have anything to say about privacy online since you have nothing to say.
Real damage to the use of ICT platforms
French app engineer and data expert Gaël Duval has been involved for a long time in the development of applications including the Mandrake Linux app which is an enduring system (in the direction of Linux) that everyone has the right to update and then use by others.
Duval decided to develop a sustained system that helps ensure a safe security of information from mobile phone users: /e/OS.
Global Voices spoke with her to learn how technology impacts on lives, opportunities, and its consequences.
Here is his take on the advances in this information technology:
This is a philosophical question.
I personally feel mixed about information technology because I'm always so keen about it.
Still, sometimes I feel tired, I remember those moments when you need to call, you go to a special place.
That was a happy life that wasn't quick and smooth.
The youth may be surprised that, until I was five, home had no phone or television.
I once imagined that I lived a very different world life, and that now it isn’t at all.
On the other hand, it's interesting when we try to imagine what we can do with the presentness of modern technology, such as getting in touch with someone else in the world through high quality videos and watching non- petrol cars filling our lungs with dangerous smoke.
To those who remember, despite the pleasures and success of the years's logistical system, we are now facing a huge risk of security in the information technology.
A 2018 study focused on children's medical problems and surge in smartphone usage, found that the overuse of smartphones leads to a number of problems, including AdD and Sonora.
A study published in 2020 by Common Sense Media found that 50 percent of young people in the Los Angeles state said they could not stay without their mobile phones.
The impact of the use of these technologies was recently revealed by reliable sources in a blog post on The Social Dilemma, which explains the testimonies by former top corporate employees such as Google, Twitter and Facebook how they were setting up conditions for a user to build a service based on their incomes.
Some governments have tried to tackle the problem by improving the laws to improve user awareness and increase the accountability of companies.
In 2018, the European Union (EU) passed the Mother Data Protection Act (GDPR).
The law has added several requirements regarding the preservation of information including a clear user consent on its data and requests companies to remove it after a three year period without consultation.
It also offers widespread compensation for those who disrespect these regulations.
However, its implementation is met with lack of coordination in the authorities, and this law is limited to EU member states.
A ratio for access to information technology users
As Duval was convinced to develop a tool that enables people to take responsibility for protecting their own data, as he explains:
Our motto is that your information is yours, because our information is our property, and for those who assume that it should not be, they do not want freedom and peace, or own the business that is being advertised - because your personal data can help sell advertisements at more expensive prices.
This is how the endemic system he created works:
/e/ is a sustained digital reference system that doesn't share any information [to Google] such as analysis, location and personal privacy.
This system does not in any way refute to the personal information of the user.
It also offers basic online services such as email, storage, calendar, communication everything related to the advanced mobile phone system.
Duval notes that, when it comes to personal data, Google and Apple have the same objective as the Google Business System, which essentially relies on 8 to 12 billion annually to put Google in the iPhones and iPads.
Duval added:
Using an iPhone, a user sends an average of 6 MB of data to Google, per day.
It is double the amount sent by Android users.
On the other hand, Apple's external system is closed closely, with a complete lack of internal transparency.
They have to believe them.
We, for our part, allow for a change in our privacy policy: all / e/OS systems and web hosting tools (which have been used in this development) are free of charge.
The status quo can be questioned and checked by experts.
In the face of the ever-growing situation of smartphone usage, it is clear that only laws are not enough to build awareness and provide users with the right tools and knowledge to protect their data and this is when the importance of digital tools that help users hold more accountable
The information and knowledge are essential for prevention and prevention of HIV-19.
A photo shows health professionals in Kenya being informed of the public about the HIV 19 outbreak.
Photo: Victoria Nthenge and Trocaire licensed by CC BY 2.0
The start of the release of HIV19 in Kenya has been marred by accusations of corruption, bias and corruption that have left many poor and elderly people waiting in long lines outside public hospitals during which the country is facing the third epidemic and deaths from HIV-19.
Meanwhile, hundreds of Kenyans are paying up to $100 to be called early, as told by several Kenyan online accounts and Kenyan and international media.
In early March, Kenya bought more than 1 million dozens of Oxford-AstraZeneca convoys through the World Health Organisation'sUVIKO-19 accession program, COVAX.
The acceptance of the vaccines started a campaign to give the vaccines free at public and private hospitals.
The release of medications was divided into three parts: health workers and immigration and security officers, people aged over 58 and adults with different health challenges, and people living in vulnerable conditions like those living in informal settlements.
The country is expected to receive 24 million doses through COVAX procedures.
According to The Washington Post, Kenya is planning to collect 50 percent of its citizens by June 2022 through the collaboration between COVAX and international aid.
In a press release, UNICEF Representative in Kenya Maniza Zaman congratulated the arrival of first pollution in Kenya.
Following the arrival of these vaccines, UNICEF and its allies are applauding the commitment of COVAX to ensure that people from countries with high economic capacity cannot be left behind in this international plan to save lives from vaccines, he said.
However, the third scheme was disrupted after the exercise began because of a final minute decision to expedite the second phase of the scheme as a way to deal with the third wave of contamination, conflicting political interests, and the failure of the government to communicate and inform the public.
In an article questioning what is going on with theUVIKO-19 recruitment program in Kenya, Patrick Gathara, a Kenyan writer and award-winning political cartoonist, said:
With a loud and individualistic voice, politicians claimed that they are the ones that should be given priority to build public confidence, although the Ministry of Health has already a large opposition to the situation.
Since the government has ignored the data to explain its plan to the public, there was widespread confusion about where and when people were expected to stand in the line.
Despite the government's instructions to prioritize Kenyans aged over 58, Kenyan media that businessmen and non-commercial politicians of this age have been getting services illegally, highlighting the extreme poverty in terms of finance.
Meanwhile, an elderly, and poor Kenyans, who don't have a network of help and don't have money to feed, appear to hang on the line every morning from 11 am, and end up coming back in another day because the medicine is out, according to the The Washington Post.
They have another door to their friends, Mary Njoroge, 58, one of the teachers, told The Washngton Post.
Without anyone to help complete the whole process, what would you do?
Similar cases were in another government hospital by @_Sativa, a Twitter user based in Nairobi, who is also Kenya.
On the Twittersphere, he described what his aunt, a former teacher, aged over 60 years old, met with.
As the elderly waited on the star, the nurse called names and the youth came forward and began to receive a vaccine.
When his aunt asked what was going on, the nurse gave him a [phone] number that he could use with money, he said on Twitter.
Following reports of increasing public interest in the vaccine campaign, Kenyan Health Minister Mutahi Kagwe told the press:
I think we have arrived at a place where we have created a sense of confusion that anyone can go to a vaccine and get care.
I want to put it clearly, those who provide vaccines will count every single medicine they’ve used and that the medicine that is used must be confused with the person who deserves the medicine.
The President of the National Nurses Association of Kenya Alfred Obengo urged Kenyans without the priority list to avoid standing in the queue.
Explaining how the Kenyan government could avoid confusion in implementing the plan, Gathara concludes her article by saying:
We would be able to avoid this loophole if Kenya’s government and its global allies, including the World Health Organization and the West African government, had worked with Kenya as the successor of this program, and not as a extremist colony.
It is sad for Kenyans, their colonial country, that does not know how else to do so.
In December last year, the world focused on Argentina, where abortion is legally allowed.
But how much are girls and women being forced to become parents in other parts of the world?
Watch or listen to this episode of Global Voices Insights (viral on 7 April), in which our Latin America editor Melissa Vida talks about reproductive rights with the following experts and activists:
Debora Diniz (Brazil): a cultural mastermind who pursues research projects on biological values, women’s rights, human rights and health.
He teaches at Brazil University, but also researches at Brown University, and is a feminist.
His documentaries about abortion, equality in marriage, government divisions and religious issues and research about celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial
Joy Asasira (Uganda): Global advocate for reproductive health in Africa, Human Rights, gender and sexuality advocate and global advocacy advocate, campaign advocate, and campaign advocate.
Joy was awarded the Uganda Lawyer's Association of Lawyers (ULS) award of the Best Women's Lawyer for Human Rights 2018/2019 and recognized as the emerging women's leader in Global Health at the 2017 Stanford University's Women's Summit.
Emilie Palamy Pradichit (Thailand): founder and director of Manushya Foundation, founded in 2017 (Manushya is a Sanskrit for Man), with the aim of promoting the power of local communities, especially women human rights defenders, to fight for their rights, equality and social justice.
Emilie is an international human rights lawyer dedicated to marginalized communities.
R Umaima Ahmed (Pakistan): an independent journalist.
He was initially the Deputy Editor of The News on Sunday and The Nation.
R Umaima has more than 10 years of experience in online content and printing.
She has focused on digital security, women and animal rights.
He is also a Global Voices author.
Dominika Lasota (Poland): a 19-year-old climate rights activist who is also a part of the Fridays For Future and Women's Strike movement.
A telecom finance agency waiting for customers in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania.
Under the 2020 Content Regulations, freedom of expression is frowned upon by high fees and authorities pay for removing non-licensed content.
Photo by Fiona Graham/WorldRemit via Flickr, CC BY SA 2.0.
This article is part of UPROAR, a micro-media project that asks the government to address the digital rights challenges in the Universal Periodic Review (UPR).
At the beginning of March, when Tanzanians began to question the health and where President John Magufuli was, many citizens took to social media to raise questions and express their concerns.
In response, the government threatened to arrest anyone who used social media to spread false information about the president.
Authorities refered to Tanzania's 2015 Cybercrime Act and the Electronic and Postal Communications (Network Content) Regulations (EPOCA) issued in 2020 to the possibility of detaining and detaining those who violated these laws.
This was a continuation of the government’s actions, which have repeatedly used cybercrime laws and online content regulations to curtail and restrict digital rights and freedom of expression in Tanzania.
On March 17, former Vice-President Samia Suluhu Hassan announced on state television that President John Magufuli is dead.
A few days later, Hassan was sworn in as the sixth president of Tanzania.
By that time, at least four people were arrested across the country over spreading false rumors about the health and location of Magufuli.
Many are now wondering whether Tanzania will review its online content regulatory regulations after Magufuli’s regime, or whether these regulations will remain in force until 2025 for the remaining Magufuli term, which will be completed by President Samia Hassan.
In early March, Innocent Bashungwa, the Minister of Information, Culture, Arts and Sports of Tanzania, warned the media against spreading rumors about Magufuli's position, when he was missing on the public since February 27.
The Minister of Justice and Constitutional Affairs, Mwigulu Nchemba, also threatened Internet users with punishment through his Twitter account for spreading ignorant rumors, referring to Section 89 of the Penal Code and Section 16 of the Cybercrime Act.
Police Chief Ramadhani Kingai took a Twitter account called Kigogo, which had long voiced government malfeasance.
Human rights activists have taken serious note of these measures taken by government officials and the fear that this regulation enforces and threats to implement it.
Online Content Regulations: The Strengthened Digital Rights
For more than a decade, Tanzania hasined a stable networking and comprehensive development in communication and technology.
Despite such progress, the government has increasingly established controls on companies and negotiations platforms and hence the independent media fail to identify itself as the type of opinion published in the form of its representation.
The Internet has created a new online platform for young Tanzanian bloggers and social media activists to raise their voices, but the government has denied this.
In 2010, Tanzania issued the Electronic and Postal Communications Act, which is one of its kind in the country.
By 2018, specific regulations regulating online content were issued through the Electronic and Postal Communications (Online Content) Regulations.
The government argued that the regulations aimed at strictly monitoring the use of social media, in particular, to fight the problem of information spreading hate and gossip online.
Nevertheless, the regulations were not only applied to mainstream media but also to one blogger and content service provider, who were perplexed by a new license license fee of US$900 per year.
The statistics also apply to anyone who produce and trends with a TV or radio broadcast online.
A huge darkness sprung up on social media in the wake of an unprecedented fare increase that many bloggers and content creators have decided to resign because of the high prices.
Opposition politicians and social media users criticized these regulations for the violation of the freedom of social media and civil society.
In 2020, Tanzania issued a new regulatory amendment to online content, under Section 103 of the Electronic and Postal Communications Act, 2020, and will take effect in July 2020, announcing it through Declaration No 538 in the Public Gazette.
Some of the major differences between the 2018 and 2020 editions of the Online Content Regulations (EPOCA) are:
In the first place, the Tanzanian Communications Regulatory Authority (TCRA) re-established tax categories and added small categories under online content: information & news, entertainment and education or religion, and continue to restrict individuals from providing content.
Online Content Regulation 2020, Section VI, Article 116:
Any person who offers online services without a proper license, he commits an offence and punishes a fine not less than 6 million Tanzanian Shillings [2587] or a prison term not less than 12 months or both.
Secondly, TCRA added a list of non-licensed content including, among other things, content encouraging recording of phones, surveillance of communications, data stealing, surveillance of communications, recording and interception of communications or conversations without permission.
Thirdly, the Online Content Regulations (EPOCA 2020) have also reduced the period in which a licensed person can act in violation of the content regulations by suspended or deleted accounts.
Under the 2018 regulations, the licensed person had 12 hours to do so.
But in the 2020 rules, under Section III, Section 11, the deadline for counteracting any violations of content was reduced to 2 hours.
The failure to comply with these terms gives the authorities access to the account, either by blocking or removing the account.
Global Voices spoke to a few legal and human rights experts who have criticized the amendment to the 2020 Content Regulations, saying it covers digital rights and civil society rights.
They argued that these regulations undermine digital rights and restrict bloggers and journalists from having online content.
The real problem here is that no warnings have been put to prevent such authorities from abuse, and in the current case, these authorities have an impact on freedom of expression in Tanzania, said one of the human rights experts who asked for his disappearance.
After Magufuli: Tanzania's Digital Rights Future
Under Magufuli’s rule, civil society, the media and digital rights have been rapidly deteriorating in the context of, step by step, free speech online.
After Magufuli's untimely death, many are now wondering about the future of digital rights in the country after six years of leadership which has continued to show signs of evil.
Global Voices spoke with several government officials on the condition of being unnamed about the new regulations, the state of human rights and free speech online.
One human rights expert in Tanzania told Global Voices, on the condition that he was not mentioned:
These regulations are unfair because anyone can be charged, because not many citizens understand the translations of these regulations.
Someone also thought that the government was taking social media like a truce.
He warned citizens to be cautious when they spoke on public platforms because the government has legal powers to obtain all their information through the platforms' owners.
The 2020 Internet Content Regulations make it impossible for anyone to remain anonymous on the web, under Regulation 9(e), Internet cafe providers are forced to register using identified IDs, set up IP addresses and install security cameras to record all activities currently underway in their workplaces, according to this analysis by the Tanzania Media Council.
These regulations contribute to criminalizing defamation, preventing injustice, punishment for the violation of these regulations and granting TCRA and other undertaken regulations extensive authority for removing content.
The Online Content Regulations (EPOCA) are contrary to international standards of digital rights agreed.
Overall, these regulations undermine freedom of speech and press freedom in Tanzania.
However, the Tanzanian government is responsible to respect and uphold the right to free expression and gatherings including journalists, civil society members, and opposition politicians, according to the Tanzanian Constitution and international agreements as well as by regional communities.
These rights are necessary to ensure the protection of the right to vote.
Tanzania is on the digital right line.
Under President Hassan's recent inauguration, the question of whether the Revolutionary Party will still silence and stifle digital rights in the country?
Editor's note: The author of this article has asked for his name not to be known for security reasons.
Taking Tanzania forward was not an easy task, but President John Magufuli came to power in 2015.
His motto was Hapa Kazi Tu, displayed on the green and yellow horn, the colors of the ruling party in Tanzania, the Chama cha Mapinduzi, led by Magufuli.
Photo by Pernille Baerendtsen, used with permission.
Thousands of people gather at sportsports, airports and roadside, in various parts of Tanzania, where the late President John Pombe Magufuli's body was flown out of Dar es Salaam to empower citizens' celebration over the week in Dodoma, where the government's headquarters, Zanzibar's islands, Mwanza and Chato, his home, on the outskirts of Lake Victoria, where he will be buried.
Magufuli was announced dead at the age of 61, on March 17, in a speech by the former Vice President, Samia Suluhu Hassan, aired on state television, an announcement that ended weeks of rumors about the president's health status and whereabouts.
Hely died of a cardiac arrest:
Declaration of the President of the United Republic of Tanzania.
Magufuli's untimely death, however, has left Tanzanians, and others, wondering about the future of politics and governance in the country.
On Friday, Hassan was sworn in as Tanzania's sixth president, documenting the history of Tanzania's first woman president, Tanzania's second born president on Zanzibar, which is part of Tanzania, and Tanzania's first Muslim woman to occupy the highest servicing post in the country.
Under Tanzania's constitution, Hassan will serve the rest of Magufuli's five-year term until 2025.
In this short video, widely shared on social media, Hassan ignores any doubts about his ability to lead as a woman:
To those who suspect that she will be president of the United Republic of Tanzania I would like to tell them that this man standing here is president.
I would like to repeat that the one that stands here is the president of the United Republic of Tanzania, with a female prophet.
While Tanzanians waited in mourning Magufuli and kept thinking about this sudden change, many seemed optimistic about Hassan.
Opposition politician Zitto Kabwe, leader of the nationalist ACT, hopes for Hassani’s history in the struggle and career as a member of civil society.
The beautiful history of President @SuluhuSamia in 20 minutes being captured by himself.
He said he was an activist.
He was a civil society member.
Thanks to Chambi for doing this.
Listening is not enough.
While Hassan is better known as a reconciliation enthusiast, calling for unity and stability in this transition, Magufuli is known as the bulidosa, a joke name he acknowledged as the Minister of Construction for his efficiency in ensuring road construction.
To remember Magufuli
Kanga remembers the death of John Magufuli, Tanzania's fifth president, who died on March 17, 2021.
May our God's father bless him/ We will forever remember our hero
Many Tanzanians and Africans in general remember Magufuli on social media for the bad and bad.
Magufuli’s bad and good ones cannot be challenged by the same weight, which means the memory he leaves behind is both controversial but very meaningful.
The camps who support Magufuli and are against Magufuli will not settle down and the debate will continue for many years.
Magufuli gained notoriety in the early days of his presidency for his promises to fight corruption by force.
His efforts to create large initiatives aimed at strengthening infrastructure and industrial development raised the hopes of many Tanzanians to independently after decades of dependence on international aid.
Last April, Magufuli negotiated a $10 billion (USD) loan from China for a major port project intended to be implemented in Bagamoyo near Dar es Salaam, saying that he is the only person who can accept the terms.
This disaster pressures President Magufuli on his way to last year’s elections.
It reads: "You have terrorized We are grateful.
It is depicted by photos of Magufuli’s achievements in road construction, aircraft purchasing, bridge construction and modern railways.
Photo by Pernille Baerendtsen, used with permission.
His stance against corruption also attracted the West, and the media initially commented on it from a positive perspective.
For some, Magufuli is remembered as truly an African child and a advocate for Africa who advanced the interests of Africa.
Others remember him as a renowned president preceding patriotism than anything else:
I have been following Tanzania mourning John Magufuli.
We denied his dictatorship and criticized him for his ignorance of science, but apparently, at the sight of the people standing on the road, he was a famous man.
However, Magufuli's regime was rude and hence severely affected by the human rights and freedom of expression.
For more than six years, Human Rights Watch, Amnesty International, Committee to Protect Journalists (CPJ), Global Voices and others have been monitoring the escalating protection of civil rights and human rights.
Tanzania went off sixth in the Freedom of Expression Index that measures democracy and freedom between 2020 and 2021.
When the Parliament was debating the Party Act in January 2019, a dissolved law that tightens political parties, it was interpreted as a bad sign when a bunch appeared inside the parliament.
Magufuli’s administration repeatedly adopted different laws such as the Electronic and Postal Communications (Online Content) Act (EPOCA), or the Cybercrimes Act to restrict free speech and comments.
The change to various regulations for 2020 aimed at preventing citizens from spreading information that could cause confusion or provocation, and content that contains information about epidemics or serious diseases without been confirmed by the government through its top officials.
Citizens could not say anything about the earthquake that hit the coastal areas last month, aside from the news of the country's blast coming months later.
And during the two weeks of rumors about Magufuli's position and his health earlier in March, at least four people were allegedly arrested for tweeting about the president's disease.
Or died of Korona?
Magufuli allegedly died of a heart disease that allegedly has been treated for 10 years.
But Magufuli's sudden death left many wondering whether he was infected with the Korona virus (UVIKO-19).
Many, especially in western countries Magufuli will be reminded for denying the presence of Corona disease in their country.
As the disease enters Tanzania, the government took precautions and instructions on how to tackle the spread of the disease, but Magufuli has again and again repeatedly considered the country's population a threat to the economy than the virus.
He frequently disputed international guidelines on health guidelines such as wearing brochures, avoiding controversies and vaccines, urging the public to rely on applications and natural treatments as alternative measures.
After Magufuli resisted the publication of the Korona infection statistics last year in April, he insisted that Korona has failed by the power of prayer.
A while later, she announced that Tanzania does not have a corona disease.
Although it is unlikely to say how much Korona affected Tanzania, all we know is that Korona didn’t leave.
When the new Korona blast took place in January, many Tanzanians took to social media accounts of their witnesses and told them how they spread the disease with signs like Korona.
Knowing that they could have been arrested for discussing Corona, the discussion went as the name of a new nimonia and respiratory challenges.
But Magufuli recalled his opposition position in a speech he made at Chato's home, on January 27:
If a white person could have a vaccine, he would have recognized the cause of AIDS; he would have recognized the cause of cholera; and now he would have recognized the cause of malaria; he would have recognized the cause of cancer.
This can be seen as a backdrop for Magufuli's predecessor, President Jakaya Kikwete, who served as the world's ambassador to protection at the beginning of 2016.
Last month, Magufuli finally admitted that his country had a corner problem, urging Tanzanians to wear selfies.
Local censors say Magufuli's move to change attitude about the corona resulted in the death of Zanzibar's Vice President Seif Sharif Hamad.
Several top officials from the popular political class near Magufuli have died of the disease.
While crowds continue to gather to pay their last respects to the late president, on the other hand his death has brought some relief.
Shortly after Magufuli's death, journalist Elsie Eyakuze came out on social media to speak out about life in the Korona epidemic in Tanzania, when the president forced the virus to be ignored.
In a long absence on Twitter, he said:
Now.
For the real story I have been at a loss to tell for too long.
#uzi.
In March 2020, the Corona epidemic began to rise worldwide.
Tanzania was not left.
But in April of 2020 we went away from any collective effort to counter the spread of the epidemic in the country.
In his last tweets, he said:
Did he die of Korona?
Yes, of course.
This and that.
And them.
Tanzanians.
And elsewhere.
But not those who want to talk about them right?
They are not the Stories themselves.
It’s a part of the story.
A friend is looking for.
Can you?
Can we make it the same thing among us?
Please do it.
I will.
Tomorrow.
In an open letter to Magufuli, Eyakuze explains the changing position of Magufuli, but uses a mechanism of understanding of other emotions, a mechanism that seems to beat Magufuli himself once again and forgive him.
Tanzanians agree with the controversy and gravity of Magufuli's death and the memory he leaves behind while their eyes are closed to the front.
Who has the power to decide what appears and what does not appear on the Internet?
This is the most important question asked by activist and writer Jillian C. York in his next book Silicon Values,*, which will come up on March 23, 2021.
On Wednesday, February 10 at 14:00 GMT, Jillian will join Global Voices managing director Ivan Sigal for a business video conversation about his book, which, as he explains in a discussion, is seeking to draw attention to the history of how major Silicon Valley communication platforms have created a specific system, which regulates how we can express ourselves online.
Jillian, Director for International Freedom of Expression at the Electronic Frontier Foundation, and a well-known longtime member of Global Voices, where he struggles to write about digital freedom and freedom of expression in the Middle East context.
The show is free and open to the public and will live streaming on Facebook Live, YouTube, and Twitch.
We're looking forward to seeing you join us on Wednesday, February 10 at 14:00 GMT (click here to see your time zone)!
*Sharing this book through this link will help contribute to Global Voices.
A young man watching his mobile phone in Tanzania, December 9, 2018.
Photo by Riaz Jahanpour, for USAID/Digital Communications for Development on Flickr, CC BY 2.0.
The first Korona virus was in Tanzania in mid-March, 2020.
However, after statistics increased to 509 cases and 21 deaths in late April, the Tanzanian government declared that there was not a single HIV 19 in June.
That same month, Kassim Majaliwa, the country's prime minister, told the parliament that there were only 66 cases across the country, but he did not offer further explanation.
Since then, the government has been as silent on the issue of the Corona virus with strong political denial of the virus being continued to circulate without any majority of patients and deaths.
Today, many operations are ongoing as usual, including the tourism sector in Tanzania, which attrays thousands of foreigners to enter the country through unregulated airports.
Zanzibar’s airport took place at the bottom of two stars in the health and safety assessment by the Skytrax Safety Assessments on the airport’s UVIKO-19, the only verification measures taken by the airport authorities to strengthen awareness during the outbreak.
According to the Skytrax report, two newly infected South African virus were confirmed to travel to Denmaki on January 19, from Tanzania.
The world’s most anticipated annual music festival, Voices of wisdom, will take place in mid-February in Zanzibar, sponsored by the European Union in Tanzania and some European embassies in Tanzania, at a moment when the country is facing a major risk of a new kind of Corona virus circulating in Britain, South Africa, and Brazil.
On January 24, the Arusha Catholic Province issued a warning to its believers against the presence of HIV-19 in Tanzania, urging its believers to follow all the necessary health guidelines to protect and spread the virus through churches.
Although records show that Tanzania has fewer disease compared to other countries, the government’s silence on the HIV-19 data has raised uncertainty among health professionals and human rights activists, who have been barred from speaking and speaking about HIV-19 on online platforms.
The country conducted a 2018 edition of the Electronic and Postal Communications (Online Content) Regulations in July, blocking content with information about the dangerous or deadly epidemic in the country or everywhere without the authorities' permission.
Although the initial measures to combat the virus had been taken, now schools, schools, offices, and other social activities have returned to normality.
However, the virus is spreading in the country.
President John Magufuli has expressed concern about the quality of the labor equipment and the credibility of his experts after a secretive attempt by plates and goats that responded to the virus was alleged.
The president said the release of these figures was a reasonless chaos and shortly thereafter, fired Nyambura Moremi, director of the National Health Laboratory, on charges of rigging the results.
The 19-year-old superintendent team formed by the minister ended in dissolving.
In June, Magufuli thanked God for removing the virus from Tanzania, following three days of national prayer.
He made the announcement publicly while at Sunday's vigil, amidst all the believers who praised it, claiming that God has answered their prayers.
Magufuli praised the faithful for not wearing a column, as well as calls by the World Health Organization to ask people to wear a column to prevent the spread of the virus.
Magufuli, nicknamed bulldozer for his strong stance against corruption, was elected for the second time in October 2020 in disputed elections against the opposition.
Prior to the election, Tanzanians were surprised by the online shutdowns that blocked all major social media platforms including Instagram, WhatsApp and Twitter.
Until today, many Tanzanians can not access Twitter without using VPN.
For more than five years, Magufuli’s regime has strictly restricted freedom of democracy and civil society and the right to access information on digital platforms.
Due to the government's intense stance to deny the presence of HIV-19, Tanzanians are not allowed to provide any HIV-19 data that the government is not granting, implying that ordinary citizens including journalists and health professionals are not allowed to comment on HIV-19 on digital platforms or access important information.
The right to information on HIV-19 has transformed into a privileged individual, according to a national hospital doctor who spoke to Global Voices on condition of anonymity, afraid of being fired.
Unlike other countries with specific teams working on UPIIKO-19, Tanzania has a website with very few published information on UPIIKO-19.
Statements of denying the presence of URVIKO-19 seem to be accepted by many Tanzanians, including health professionals, who ignore critical measures to take precautions such as wearing a veil and avoiding clumsy.
Global Voices visited several hospitals including Muhimbili, the government appeal hospital in Dar es Salaam, the country's cultural capital, as well as the Benjamin Mkapa Hospital in Dodoma, the political capital, to witness a few precautions taken against the spread of HIV/AIDS.
People are allowed to enter the hospitals area without wearing barcode, there are few cleaning materials and have hands and those in have no water or have been washed down, a situation observed, for example, in the custody of pregnant women Muhimbili.
While Magufuli's regime has not shown any concern about the effect of the virus on the everyday lives of the citizens, many government ministers and his departments have agreed that UVIKO-19 exists.
Tanzanian Finance Minister calls on ministry officials to take all cautions against HIV/AIDS, while at the same time saying Tanzania is not affected by HIV-19.
Photo from Mwananchi.
For example, when Magufuli was sworn in for the second time last year, authorities took a lot of precautions against UVIKO-19, forcing all the participants to test the body heat and wash their hands in special places containing water and spray.
On January 25, Tanzanian Finance Minister, Dr. Philip Mpango asked his ministry officials to take a warning against HIV 19 while denying the disease in Tanzania, during his meeting in Dodoma, where the political headquarters was.
Many domestic experts are afraid to speak, out of fear of action.
Global Voices spoke to a healthcare worker who believed that Tanzania might be suffering from the second wave of blast but that the public was hidden.
The expert didn't want to be named, afraid of action.
Another health expert told Global Voices on the condition of the anonymity that people should be aware of the trends of HIV 19 so they could take caution to protect themselves and prevent the spread of the virus through their communities.
He said leaving people in the dark makes their job difficult but he believed that the Tanzanians will try to protect themselves by taking all the cautions as advised by WHO.
She told Global Voices:
Politicians have thrown out the whole issue of URVIKO-19 and are playing a game of danger, but as long as people die they will begin to fire the healthcare personnel.
Another doctor who spoke with Global Voices on the pretext of not mentioning his name said that although there is hope for protection, Tanzanian government's denial would restrict access to the disease, since the government has not taken any measures to look for it in the world markets, and instead seek medical treatment.
In December 2020, Health Minister spokesman Gerald Chamii expressed concern at global censorship, telling East African magazine:
He does not take up to six months for a vaccine or cure for a disease.
We have failed ourselves since the blast began, I am not sure if it is wise to introduce that protection and share it with the people without conducting any medical attempt to confirm its safety and safety for our people.
Access to information is essential to democracy and development.
Tanzanian internet regulations have been abused to silence voices by those speaking out against how Tanzania treats the issue of UVIKO-19.
Freedom of expression, including the right to access, to receive, and spread information, has been protected by international law.
In Tanzania, the right to information, access to information and spread information is enshrined in Article 18(1) and 18(2) of the Constitution of the United Republic of Tanzania.
However, these rights seem to be more theoretical than practical.
In situations where the government denies the presence of HIV19 and the presence of laws that prohibit people from sharing information and commenting on this disease, both online and on the streets, Tanzanians are left without basic information and many afraid to speak.
This post and its coverage are part of a series of articles investigating digital rights violations during the internal bans on the spread of HIV-19 in nine African countries: Uganda, Zimbabwe, Mozambique, Algeria, Nigeria, Namibia, Tunisia, Tanzania and Ethiopia.
The project is funded by the Digital Rights Africa Foundation and is run by the Collaboration on International ICT Policy for East and Southern Africa (CIPESA).
Photo showing the police graduate in Mozambique | a screen shot on August 19, STV Youtube, by the owner
The Mozambican military documentation which was leaked to media in early August proved that 15 students had been pregnant in a police training school in Matalane, in the department of the province of Maputo.
The documents state that these abortions are a result of the existing sex relationship between students and students without specifying whether they were voluntary.
It is noted, however that pregnant students will not be able to complete the training now, and will travel back home paid for by police.
At the end the report said that the incumbents will be suspended.
Asked by O País newspaper on August 8, Commander of the Police Army General Bernardino Rafael said that all the perpetrators will meet disciplinary procedures.
It didn't take long for the trial to be strongly condemned on social media.
Several netizens expressed their disappointment with the school's decision and demanded justice for them.
Journalist Fátima Mimbire wrote on Facebook:
The Matalane issue should be taken seriously.
I am very disappointed with the issue of the pregnancy of the 15 students of the Matalane Training Centre.
This is a big deal.
It's important because if the documents showed the perpetrators are informed.
Now one man with power over another is aborted and the result is little process?
This reminds me of a teacher who alleged sex corruption in his students in order to punish or not to offend them in class because they were idiots in his opinion, and instead of charge the teacher was transferred to teach elsewhere otherwise.
He then continues his career there.
Txeka, a feminist also contemned the issue on Twitter:
Matalane case
Making a social equal community in protecting the equal rights of citizens requires proper education and development policies that address citizens’ development and scientific knowledge and morality as well as patriotism.
Matalane case
Accusing violence against women is common in the patriarchal community, known as abuses to women and oblige men to bring them to justice for the actions of the victims and reduce the conviction of harasser.
University professor Carlos Serra said:
Matalane?
It is just a small part of the snow that Matalane is our belongings.
I think about a day when they will begin to express their concerns, starting from childhood.
Also journalist and activist Selma Inocência said:
Very few teachers have been brought to trial, charged and prosecuted.
They are responsible for losing their childhood thousands of girls.
The school is not a safe place.
Records show that hundreds of girls get pregnant at school and other actors being teachers, teachers, and headmasters.
The petition has been passed demanding the punishment of the responsible police officers.
So far more than 3,8000 people are in custody.
For the government this is fundamental and is undergoing a thorough investigation at the level of ministry and head of the Mozambican police.
Umbrella cannot and will not tolerate such issues.
The law should take its channel and it should be for all.
No one is above the law.
Investigation continues with a thorough investigation of all the details of the case and taking into account the psychological and emotional conditions of the pregnant women because they deserve to respect their dignity.
Another trial
This is a continuation of violence cases experienced by women in Mozambique that are not in the media.
One of the cases that recently held headlines was the case of Alberto Niquice, a member of the Liberation Front of Mozambique (Frelimo), who was facing a criminal charge over the murder of a 13 year-old child in 2018.
Earlier this year, 30 civil society institutions in Mozambique required Niquice to be re-elected in 2019.
However, the vice president took office and serves as usual in parliament.
Another press release case was the brutality of Josina Machel, the daughter of Mozambique's first president, Samora Machel.
In October 2015, Josina was beaten by her three year-old girlfriend Rofini Licuco with a disappearance of one eye.
Licuco was sentenced to 3 years and 4 months in prison plus a 300 million metric (US$4.2 million) fine for Josina.
However Rofino appealed and this year in June the Supreme Court of Appeals dropped the case on charges of lack of adequate evidence in the case.
Join Global Voices on Tuesday: https://globalvoices.org/donate/
2020 has just been incomplete.
In the middle of everything, we at Global Voices have continued to publish stories from all four corners of the world, bringing our readers an incredible global perspective on issues like the UVIKO-19, the racial equality movement, demonstrations in countries like Belarus and Thailand, and more, and more.
The community of bloggers, writers, journalists and digital rights activists at Global Voices has been working for more than 16 years to build bridges between countries and languages and to promote media freedom, Internet transparency, and the right to everyone, everywhere and freedom of expression.
Please Donate to Global Voices on Tuesday
Our work and our international community of writers is proof that human relations despite the spectrum can change the way people understand the world.
Please sign today to help us continue this important task.
Donate to Global Voices >>
December 2004.
You had to be a university student using Facebook, Twitter was still not started to be used, aggressors were still living on the edges of sensational stories.
Our phones were smart, the flying then meant that it would mean the water and I would ask you to fix it, and still Amazon.com was unable to sell some of the products.
There was a lot of news websites, blogs were there and they did very well, and we started talking online.
That's where Global Voices is seen.
We've been there for 15 years!
For the dog age, that is 110 years.
For internet years, that is about 1000 years.
Today, we wish to take advantage of this opportunity to thank our brave authors and trusted readers and allies for giving Global Voices the power and ability to move forward.
Since 2004, we've helped to write great stories in the world.
We have published 100,000 articles, and created special articles aimed at making it possible for marginalized local communities to use digital media and fight for digital rights, including building a community of translators that translate more than 51 languages.
Without you, there weren't Global Voices.
Help us complete another 15 years.
We mean cafes we need your help.
Private donations help protect our freedom and enable us to make difficult decisions to grow and change.
Please support us today!
Donate now!
Travels crossed the border between Ghana and Togo, West Africa, on January 25, 2016.
Photo by Enock4seth via Wikimedia Commons, CC BY-SA 4.0.
African leaders have taken an immediate decision to deal with the HIV/AIDS-19.
The African Center for Disease Control (ACDC) established the working group ultraIKO-19 on February 5, before there was a single disease in the continent.
Today, Africa is the world's most affected region with 1,293,048 confirmed HIV-19, and the most attracting is 1,031,905 cases to have died, according to the Africa CDCP.
The continent contains less than 5 percent of the patients globally and less than 1% of all deaths from around the world.
Now, as African countries are being led by the African Union imposing the COVID-19 sanctions and preparing themselves to reopen their economies and borders, many governments are using innovative technology.
The unification, African tech-censorship and reconnection of COVID-19 censorship centers across the continent has led to the adoption of PanaBIOS, an African Union-backed biometric monitoring technology.
PanaBIOS has provided an online and web-based software using algorithms to track people in health risk and to record sample testing from nature to labor.
This technology is created by Koldchain, a new initiative in Kenya, and funded by AfroChampions, a public-personal partnership designed to bring together African resources and institutions to support and succeed Africa’s private sector.
Ghana is the only country in this time that uses panaBIOS technology when it opens its borders.
panaBIOS to ensure passengers can use the test results from other countries to satisfy the requirement of port approval for countries traveling through the panaBios app or by adding the passports generated by the system.
Medical officials are using a commercial version of their software to verify health documents in a common way for all countries.
General laws on data protection and privacy
The Coalition of Africa and Africa CDCP is urging its member states to share a well-founded online platform, panaBIOS which wishes to generate results on the continent, to be unified.
But the health penetration of the data has raised a number of questions about data's sensitivity and privacy.
Government surveillance and censorship could fuel fear and threat to free citizenship, in a continent where only 27 out of 54 countries have comprehensive law on protection and data privacy.
Other countries in Africa, such as Ghana have changed laws to give the president the emergency power to deal with the disaster by ordering a telecommunications company to provide customer data such as customer database, customer phone memory, mobile money transfer, mobile money transfer, mobile money transfer, and IP address.
In terms of data protection and privacy, all the mechanical lessons used by PanaBIOS are in general data.
Those data collected are edited for data analysis, not personal data targeting only for data censorship, where it is expected to reach suspects or affected.
To ensure the protection of data, the African Union, PanBIOS, and its allies must propose how they can implement different countries' data protection laws to protect privacy, ensure data approval and avoid commercial data sharing.
This pragramu- application currently has no public privacy policy, which explains users the principles of gathering and sharing data.
The challenge is how such a privacy policy will meet a wide range of objectives, authorities, national, and set of data protection laws such as the African Union Convention on Internet Security and Personal Data Protection, the South African Development Community (SADC) explanatory law on data protection, the Economic Community of West African Nations (ECOWAS) Addition A / SA.1 / 01/10 on Personal Data Protection within ECOWAS and East African Community on Internet Regulations.
Technological solutions have contributed in dealing with COVID-19 Africa
Despite panaBIOS, some Afika nations have achieved a technological advance to fight the continuation of the COVID-19.
For example, scientists from Sengali have developed a COVID-19 measuring machine that costs $1 and 3D patients usage.
Wellvis, a new initiative in Nigeria, developed a measuring machine COVID-19, an open Internet tool to help users measure the risk of being infected by a corner of the virus according to their signs and history of vulnerability.
The South African government used WhatsApp to deliver interactive conversations and to answer common questions about the fake story, the symptom and cure of COVID-19.
And in Uganda, market women used a Soko Park app to sell their goods at home using this app, then a motorcycle taxi took the goods off.
Africa’s success in controlling and monitoring the scale of COVID-19 has been characterized by the young population, the ability to evaluate and monitor the victims, and the probable existence of SARS-CoV-2 trauma among other Africans.
But it is clear that technology-driven innovation has contributed significantly to the implementation of COVID-19, as well as management at the beginning of the disaster.
Solomon Zewdu, the deputy doctor and Bill and Melinda summarized how, in January, when a lot of Western nations hesitated, Ethiopia started cracking down on the AddisAbaba airport.
Rwanda became the first country in Africa to put an end to normal norms on March 21, and a number of African countries followed this latest trend: South Africa's implementation of normal norms with 400 cases of death and two.
(And the same population, Italy grew up with more than 9,000 cases and 400 deaths when action took place.)
In contrast, the number of affected and dying in the Americas is six times the number of Africans.
Public health experts estimated that the disaster would drastically affect the African continent and dead bodies in the streets.
Bayana, Africa has confirmed the opposite.
The story is based on a study by Factcheck Lab, a fact-checking agency in Hong Kong, who is also a Global Voices news partner and the writer is a member.
Since September 22, news reports and social media publications circulating on Chinese networks quoted that the World Health Organization (SAD) top scientist, Dr. Soumya Swaminathan, said Chinese incidents against COVID-19 had been proven to have effect.
These reports and publishments quoted a minute video source produced by China Television with a video sharing app China Miaopai.
In the video, the speech of SAD CEO Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus speaking on the need to promote UVIKO-19, followed by Dr. Swaminathan's comments.
In the CCTV video, where a short explanation says WHO's top scientist: China's UVIKO-19 screams have been confirmed to have an effect (), here is Swaminathan's report:
As you know, they also have a complete vaccine program and some of your vaccines step forward in clinical trials, this is also our interest, we look at you closely.
Some of the partners have proven their benefits from continuing clinical trials.
However, Dr. Swaminathan's original speech has been edited.
His final sentence, for sure, started with the word yes, and the rhythm of mandharinyuma made it out as if he said it confirmed rather than confirmed.
The comments of Dr. Swaminathan Complete are:
We have been involved in discussions with China over the past months because, you know, those who also have a comprehensive program to develop their channels and their channels are a step ahead of clinical trials, this is our interest, so we are watching closely.
We have had a constructive and open discussion with them and they have constantly insisted on their commitment to sensitivity around the world with some of their vaccines going through continuing clinical trials.
So thinking about the ongoing talk, it's still clear and we hope so many countries are foolish.
This comment was made at a news conference in the SAD’s non-visible event on September 21.
A full copy of that half-hour event might be no surprise.
The summit thus sought to deliver a petition about a plan that cost $18 billion WHO mercenaries and other organizations to deliver URVIKO-19 outcry in the future to the rest of the world.
By now, 156 countries have joined the program; neither China nor the Americas are among them.
As predicted, the CCTVT video, as well as the produced news reports and publishing reports, have attracted nationalist consent.
The Weibo and Daily Economic News coverage has over 337,000 likes.
Below are some of popular comments:
I'm so proud of my country.
This is the gift of National Day and Central Vule Festival.
You cannot denounce the Chinese rebellion.
I'm proud of it.
China saved the world.
After the censors indicate Dr. Hanif's remarks were misleading, later the media, including CGTN and CCTV, censored their social networking posts.
Among them is China's Youth Communist League, whose post was retweeted by Twitter user @Emi2020JP before disappearing from Weibo:
Tedros is supposed to be sprayed first.
As @Emi2020JP, many Twitter users believed WHO not assisting China with distorting the video, and posted a commentary on Tedros' anger:
Tedros is the tour of the toilet!
I will pay for Tedros an extra injection!
Yesterday my mother told me, the local story of the country said America would buy a lot of money from China.
I have no need to describe it. Let them live in their fantasy.
A very good job, from stopping the spread of the virus to promotional screenshots!
Although the publication in question has been cancelled, the podcast is still circulating on social media, such as this public post WeChat.
Beijing-based Hong Kong media, such as Speak Out HK (and Today Review), have also published the news from the video.
There are about 200 HIV-19 vaccines in a step further from global clinical trials, and most of them are prepared in Chinese libraries.
Nothing has gone beyond the 3rd phase of the trial now.
Protests against the death of Dr. Silvio Dala in Luanda.
Photo by Simão Hossi, CC-BY 3.0
Hundreds of Angolans took to the streets on September 12 in Luanda, Benuela and 15 other cities in protest against police brutality.
The protests kicked off after news broke out about the death of Dr. Silvio Dala, a 35 year-old, who died last September 1 under police control.
According to authorities reports, Dala had left his car from David Bernardino Children’s Hospital in Luanda, where he serves as the Director of the clinic and was stopped by the police because he was not wearing a corner.
The doctor was taken to a Catotes police station in the nearby Rocha Pinto city, and when she showed signs of aggression and started screaming, she fell sick and headed and caused a small wound to her head, according to the official police report.
It also said that Dala died while police officers took him to a hospital.
The Association of Doctors opposed the statement.
The party's president Adriano Manuel, told Voice of America (VOA) that there is controversy in the official expression that suggests that the doctor was under investigation.
Manuel told Deutsche Welle (DW) that the cause of the death declared by the police is false.
Anyone who is a doctor and is a doctor will know that this is not what Silvio has killed.
According to DW, a news source from the Ministry of Interior reports that the trial was conducted before the family by the prosecutor and confirmed that the doctor was not the victim of the bullet.
The party has said they will take legal action from the police.
Meanwhile the Angolan government has formed a committee in cooperation with the Ministry of Health to investigate the incident.
Protesters disbelieve police reports about Dala's death.
Billboards used by protesters throughout the city of Luanda said : Unless there is murder, you are paid to protect us, you are not allowed to kill us, I am Silvio Dala, they have killed Silvio Dala.
Some even called on the resignation of Interior Minister Eugénio Laborinho.
The demonstration was organized by the Medical Association in collaboration with civil society organizations and institutions.
Protests against the death of Dr. Silvio Dala in Luanda.
Photo by Simão Hossi, CC-BY 3.0
Protests against death of Dr. Silvio Dala in Luanda.
Photo by Simão Hossi, CC-BY 3.0
Since the start of the corner crisis in Angola, several cases have been of police violence during investigations which sometimes lead to civilian deaths.
Speaking to Lusa, rapper Brigadeiro 10 Pacotes, whose real name is Bruno Santos, asked Lugarinho to resign and also asked the police school to improve its training structure.
The police is an institution which should give the people courage, but today the people lack of courage, i.e. when they face the police, he ended up saying.
Protests against the death of Dr. Silvio Dala in Luanda.
Photo by Simão Hossi, CC-BY 3.0
Many called off these protests on Facebook and WhatsApp against the incident.
Activist and scholar Nuno Álvaro Dala wrote on Facebook:
NATIONAL POLITICS BETWORK BETWORK FOR DR. SILVIO DALA
The images are very powerful and sound.
They must all demand justice.
This country's police must pay for its crimes.
Things can not continue to be like this.
On Twitter, Isabel dos Santos, the former chairman of the board of directors of the Sonangol oil company, daughter of former president José Eduardo dos Santos, said:
This post is part of our special coverage Venezuela Elections 2011. This post is part of our special coverage Venezuela Elections 2011. This post is part of our special coverage Venezuela Elections 2011. This post is part of our special coverage Venezuela Elections 2011.
Isabel Dos Santos (@isabelaangola) September 11, 2020
#INiSilvioDala.
On Saturday the Angolan Medical Association (SINMEA) announced a peaceful strike calling on health workers, other parties and civil society organisations to protest the police brutality in memory of Dr Silvio Dala, at 2:30 p.m. in Largo da Mutamba
The title: Angolans take to the streets protesting police brutality and demanding an end to murder.
Meanwhile, also on Twitter Alejandro questioned the participation of social media activists in Angola in this event:
Quando o George Floyd Éro morto os chamados Influencers Angolanos mostraram o Éro almoh Black Lives Matter, mas com a morto do medico Angolan Sílvio Dala os Érouno influencers não fais nada em relação a perda!
Ale Alejandro (@AlejandroCutieG) September 7, 2020
When George Floyd was killed the online self-described Angolan mobilizers showed support for the Black Life process Yana Thamani, but at the death of Angolan doctor Silvio Dala, these relatives did not do anything about the disaster!
Hachalu Hundessa under an interview with OMN via Firaabeek Entertainment / CC BY 3.0.
Editor's note: This is a binary analysis of Hachalu Hundessa, a popular Oromo musician whose murder triggered the violence of religious and ethnic ideologies due to misinformation shared on social media.
Read Part 2 here.
Outspoken Ethiopian musician Hachalu Hundessa gained notoriety using her creative and talent in informing the public of the Oromo people.
He was killed in the streets of Ethiopia's capital, Addis Ababa, on June 29.
That night at three and a half, as Hachalu got off his car, a man called TilUH Yami walked towards his car and shot his gun in the back.
He was rushed to a nearby hospital where it was officially confirmed that he had died.
It was later revealed that the bullet brutally destroyed its inner locks.
Addis Ababa's chief police that two suspects have already been arrested.
After a few days authorities sentenced the killers and their two allies.
With his death, the country ranks through a tough time to resolve the next crisis.
The fact that the Hachalu massacre was not clearly revealed yet, and the implications became widespread after politicians and activists insisted on the conflict between the country's largest ethnic groups, Oromo leaders and Amahara.
On the day of his funeral, mourners flooded the streets of Addis Ababa and other cities around the Oromo region.
The next morning the Oromia Media Network (OMN), where Hachalu had his final interview, aired commercial broadcasts on television and broadcasts while the coffin was flown out of Addis Ababa to their home in Ambo.
The slow-growing announcement became a stand-by between government authorities and opposition leaders, with discussions over the location of Hachalu and OMN they had to cancel his announcement; they werely forced to return to Addis Ababa.
Ten people were killed and several injured in Addis Ababa.
The clashes led to the arrest of some of the opposition leaders, Jawar Mohammed, OMN leader and Bekele Gerba, who were accused of inciting violence.
The controversy arose after authorities regained the Hachalu body and sent to their town Ambo by helicopter, where both sides continued to fight and deny the families of the victims an opportunity to give their relatives a proper burial.
After that violence and violence followed.
The clashes took three days which destroyed some areas of Oromo and Addis Ababa and the real destruction is: the deaths of 239 people and hundreds have been injured, more than 7,000 people arrested for causing the violence and destruction of property worth of a million birr, Ethiopian currency.
On June 30, the government tried to shut down the net to prevent the spread of online violence perpetrated on social media for three weeks.
Several people were shot by security forces but some news sources including Voice of America and Addis Standard that angry groups from the Oromo ethnic group attacked people from various groups including towns and neighborhoods of ethnic groups, in the south-eastern town of Oromo, targeting families of non-Romans and non-Muslims in the region.
Most of the violence was the conflict in the region of the Amahara-Oromo and religion may have played a major role because of the existing consciousness that: the South-Oromo community is characterized by the combination of Islamic religion with the Afan-Oromo language users.
One local farmer said that we thought of Hachalu a Moroccan after watching a live broadcast of the Hachalu funeral which follows the traditions of the Tewahedo Ethiopian Orthodox Church.
According to reports, the majority of the victims were Amhara Christians, Oromo Christians and the Gurage people.
One witness said that the groups had destroyed and burned property and committed murders by putting in the heads and feet of the victims.
The prediction of an interview
When news of Hachalu's murder broke, a diaspora news source implicated his death and the last interview he held in Hachalu with OMN television station led by Guyo Wariyo, which was broadcast a week before Hachalu was killed.
During an interview, Gayo repeatedly asked Hachalu how he supported the ruling party and also repeatedly dismissed it while answering.
Hachalu refused to join the ruling party but also criticized the conflict and division in the Oromo political parties, highlighting freedom of thought as a musician with which he became the target of cyber attacks until his death.
However, Guyo asked Hachalu about the historical exploitation of the Oromo people by the late King Menelik II who built Ethiopia today.
Hachalu surprised many listeners when he said that the horseback posed by Menelik in Addis Ababa was belonging to the Oromo farmer Sida Debelle, and Menelik stole the horseback.
The reactions attracted respect and criticism from various individuals on Facebook and Twitter.
While Hachalu was killed a week later many ethnic groups in the Diaspora felt that Hachalu's criticism of the statue of Menelik II angered their supporters of the Kingdom Ethiopia and led to his assassination.
On social media citizens took over what Hachalu said about Menelik, leading to widespread rumors with false information.
The other part of the interview included information on the issues of division and conflict within the Oromo community.
Guyo has in all his interviews chanted Hachalu about the political change in the country and about the anti-government movement by asking the question about the Prime Minister Abiy Ahmed, who is a Moroccan and whether the government has fulfilled the wishes of the Oromo people to come to power in 2018.
Hachalu repeatedly said he was not involved in the Oromo ovation but criticized all those who judge Abiy's patriotism.
He defended his position against major opposition leaders united by Tigray People's Liberation Front (TPLF), which once was close to the biggest historic Ethiopian People's Revolutionary Front (the EPRDF).
TPLF became an opposition party after Abiy dismissed EPRDF.
Hachalu also spoke about the ongoing political violence in the Oromo region blaming both the authorities and the militant groups of the right-wing Oromo Liberation Front (OLF) also (known as OLF-Shane).
Following the Hachalu massacre, the government was able to take a 71 minute session session and issue it to the public.
The poster features death threats to Hachalu from the western part of Oromo, where the OLF-Shane militant forces are operating.
Hachalu said he believed he would not be attacked online if he promised OLF-Shane.
He spoke directly about the conflict between him and Getachew Assefa, Ethiopia’s General Security Official at TPLF in office.
Guyo, who also posted the interview on her Facebook page saying she must see a few days before airing her, has been arrested by police since then and the government is investigating the 71minute scale of the interview to find evidence for the solution to the cause of the Hachalu massacre.
Read more about the consequences of the killings of Hachalu Hundessa in Part II.
Screenshot from Guardian YouTube video about the abuse of women.
The COVID-19 disaster has severely affected the rights of women in the Middle East and North Africa; from increased domestic violence to loss of employment.
But there is one clear area where women are affected by extravagant violence, and this is after the outbreak of the Korona disaster and the hostage response.
In April, the United Nations announced that in response to an attempt to tackle the corona disaster, there are 2 million cases of carnage that are suspected to happen in the next decade and should have been preventable if the carnage ignores plans and efforts to fight and rape
Sacking involves deleting or completely removing the outside venue, or hurting the venue without any connection or treatment, according to WHO.
This practice is a ritualized and religious tradition that has taken roots across Africa, the Middle East and Asia, and is performed by traditional headscarves, wheels, buttons and bottle pieces.
The rape is also known as the rape of the secrets is widely believed to be one of the most violent facts faced against girls and women, and it is rarely in the Middle East.
At least 200 million women are estimated to have been affected.
The issue is clearly described by UNICEF in a video:
In the Middle East and North Africa region, defamation is a problematic issue that mainly addresses Egypt, Sudan, Yemen, Iraq and Djibouti.
Carlos Javier Aguilar, the child protection adviser, explains more,
Somalia is believed to have one of the highest numbers of victims of mutilation in which 98 percent of women aged 15 to 49 have been mutilated.
In Djibouti, an estimated 93 percent were affected, Egypt 92 percent, Sudan 88, Mauritania 69 percent, Yemen 19 percent and Iraq 7 percent, according to June released UNFPA.
This practice differs according to the social, ethnic and educational standards of each country and in the urban or rural areas.
Cases of mutilation usually occur among the poorest people or in families that are not educated in rural areas.
In Yemen, the genocide has taken root in the Gulf region but is limited to the north.
In Iraq, the practice is widespread in the northern Kurdish province.
In Egypt, it takes place mainly for girls living in the Upper Egyptian region.
In Mauritania, more than 90 percent of women from the poorest families are subjected to mutilation compared to 37 percent of women from high-income families.
EXCELLENCY: MORE DETAILS
The scale and scale of breaking breaking breaking breaking breaking breaking breaking breaking breaking breaking breaking breaking breaking breaking breaking breaking breaking breaking breaking breaking breaking breaking breaking breaking breaking breaking breaking breaking breaking breaking breaking breaking breaking breaking breaking.
The report confirmed that this culture is growing and also happens in the Middle East and Asia, and the world is overwhelming to the rape.
Few recent surveys have also shown that the genocide is taking place in Iran, including in all Gulf countries such as Kuwait, the Arab Emirates, Omani and Saudi Arabia.
Divya Srinivasan from Equality Now told Reuters she was shocked at the results of the small survey from regions such as Omani and Saudi Arabia which are not usually locations that will make your mind think about Rape
This report was published during the recent COVID-19 disaster in the Middle East and was never published or translated by Arab media and social networks.
A society’s lack of awareness about healing can confirm the idea that healing is not something of concern.
Social taboo
In the Middle East, there are tabooes surrounding women’s bodies where it is banned from publishing secrets such as genocide that is imprisoned by ethnic, religious and cultural beliefs.
For example, in Egypt Christian and Muslims together believe that the abduction of girls makes the abduction of their future and impedes the abduction of their future, they fear that their daughters will not be married if not, according to a report on the abduction of the Middle East, a campaign which was launched in 2013 to raise awareness about the abduction and tell the world that the abduction is not only in Africa but in many countries of the Middle East and Asia.
The organization is gathering more reports of defamation and has developed a method of gathering information that will help one person or groups conduct less research on defamation.
People prefer to avoid discussions and the themes of defamation just in February, if an incident would be covering the news as the death of a 12-year-old daughter who died after being defamated in southern Egypt in February, it is where people talk.
Ghida Hussein, an Egyptian student, told Global Voices that:
Because we don’t talk about it, it’s as if the problem is not at all.
The seizures are silently conducted behind the closed doors.
It happens far from being educated in the city where activists and politicians sit.
Sacking is a complex issue and maybe the international community provides financial support and encouragement, well you don't see a society governed by the men's class prioritise it.
Breaking rocks and speaking about satirism makes human rights defenders attacked in insulting and hate speech.
In Oman, women rights activist Habiba al Hinai, founder of the Omani Institute for Human Rights conducted a small study in 2017 in Omani and found that 78 percent of women are defiled.
After publishing the results of his survey online, Habiba received attacks and threats:
I shared the results of the survey online and the reactions were huge.
I was attacked by religious advocates who said that killing is part of a Muslim vigil.
In Omani, where the genocide is not officially recognized, there is no protection for the victims.
Habiba added this in a statement:
How can you tell a husband to talk to him about healing and then deal with all of these consequences including criticizing, insulting a family or family you have been completely separated from, maybe even a husband can divorce her – if there is no formal support.
I will not expect these women to stand up and talk courageously and face society.
Prevention of Rape: Too Lenient, Too Lenient
In Yemen and the UAE, healing is prohibited from conducting only in health institutions, but not at home.
In Mauritania, there is a legal barrier but not a direct ban.
In Iraq, execution is prohibited in the Kurdish religious province, but it is still legal in the central Iraq region.
There have been symptoms of cease-breaking.
In the years following the establishment of a women's rights organisation, Egypt stopped rape in 2008.
Sudan, which has been in the middle of a political transition after 30 years of dictatorship, has been the first to stop the mutilation in April.
But enforcing the law is a challenge because the dilemma is very high and the acceptable part of it is also widespread.
Although the law is not a very important weapon but it is still not desperate.
Countries need a plan and national strategy that is being implemented involving police, judiciary, healthcare providers, civil servants and providing public education.
A series of regional disasters and dictatorships have delayed reforms preventing campaigns and resources to combat and abuse women’s situation.
Now the world's attention has been directed at fighting COVID-19 and its impact on many economics and programs which are directly involved in the rights of women in vulnerable circumstances and providing services for communities has been postponed or not as a priority.
With the highest number of poor families and girls left from school or child marriage, breaking news is almost always an unknown location in the region.
Photo by Abubakar Idris Dadiyata, used with permission from The SignalNg.
Abubakar Idris Dadiyata, a prominent Nigerian government lecturer and critic, was arrested in his home on August 1, 2019, in Barnawa near Kaduna, north-western Nigeria.
A year after his kidnapping Dadiyata is still missing.
Abubakar Idris (Didiyata) was deported to his home in Kaduna, Nigeria.
His actions are yet to be known.
His family and friends are asking answers to their questions which are: Where is @dadiyata?
Abubakar is the victim of lost #FreeDayTrial.
Dadiyata was a student at the Public University of Dutsinma, in the province of Katsina.
As a member of the People's Democratic Party (People's Democratic Party) Dadiyata was always confused with members of the All Progressive Congress party on social networks.
Read More: Fear rises against the kidnapping of the Nigerian government critic
All state and general government agencies are not concerned with anything
Dadiyata was violently taken by a rapist at 3 a.m. when she arrived at her home, a year ago on 1 August 2019, Premium Times.
Dadiyata’s wife, Kadija in an interview with the BBC news agency recalled that her husband was talking to the phone while the engine of his car was still in flux, when he was arrested by the rapists.
Although Kadija was unable to hear what was being spoken or who was talking to him on the phone, he remembers that his husband's rapists were following him and came home.
Dadiyata’s wife remained waiting to check the window of their room while her husband was taken away from the detainees.
Worst of all, is that you don't have any information about his whereabouts in Dadiyata.
Worse, as their children keep asking their missing father, Kadija told the BBC.
In search of Dadiyata, Nigerian security agencies have continued to pay attention to all the charges related to her disappearance.
The Nigerian National Guard, until January, refused to detain Dadiyata.
The Department of National Guard says that because Dadiyata was taken home by armed men it doesn't mean that they are employees of the Department of National Security.
Kaduna Provincial Attorney General, Aisha Dikko, also refused to know her whereabouts or responsibility for Dadiyata’s kidnapping.
Whatever the opposite is the fine view of believing that since he was kidnapped in Kaduna then the province government is responsible, Dikko said.
However, denial of their responsibility for National Security and the state government of Kaduna did not dispense with Dadiyata’s wife and their two sons, nor did it restrain her freedom.
Appeals for Dadiyata's release are still being aired on Twitter with the hashtag #OneYearsOfDiyata, the demand for his freedom from Nigerians.
Bulama Bukarti complained about the pain this piracy has caused for Dadiyata’s family:
It is surprising how a Nigerian could lose it.
We must continue doing everything we can to connect Daddyata with his family.
There is no place here for such a harmony.
Those who kidnapped Dadiyata will come to pay for it.
Either now it should be later.
This Twitter user became confused when he heard a interview with Dadiyata's wife:
I was frustrated by hearing Dadiyata’s wife interviewing @bbchausa, this morning.
The only thing he is asking is that the rapists will forgive him and let his husband return to family, especially his younger children.
Akin Akíntáyọ doesn't understand how Dadiyata can disappear without being missing there for a year:
The one question that I ask myself is how Didiata and her car were disappeared without leaving a sign for a year again in Nigeria; nor is the government any concerns about it, is it more looking for herself instead of looking for her because she was targeted for them because of her criticism?
Unfortunately, no one is keen to look for such a critic:
Rather, all state and central government institutions are fighting to avoid blame for not doing anything," Human rights activist Professor Chidi Odinkalu told in an interview to Vyral Africa:
In addition to saying that they do not know where he is, no one has shown an effort to tell us what they have done to find him and how not they must be involved.
This shows how useless we are as young citizens.
The least we can do is ask who is Dadiyata and why does our government not look for her?
Students in Kaduna State, Nigeria.
Photo by Jeremy Weate, January 15, 2010 on Flickr / CC BY 2.0.
Armed militants stormed a secondary school in Kaduna, north-western Nigeria on August 24 killing one person and kidnapping four students and the teacher online news source, SaharaReporters.
The armed men arrived and attacked a village in Damba-Kasaya in the Chikun district of Kaduna at 1.45am on a motorcycle andly killed Benjamin Auta, a farmer, according to an online newspaper Premium Times.
The armed men headed to Prince High School where they kidnapped Christianah Madugu and the four students of favour Danjuma, 9, Miracle Danjuma, 13, Happy Odoji, 14, and Ezra Bako, 15.
His Happy father, Isiaka Odoji, told the Daily Trust, the Nigerian daily newspaper, that the detainees are demanding some 20 million Naira (US $53,000) money to release their children, but they are never able to gather that.
The abducted students were undergoing their final examination.
Due to the outbreak of Korona disease, only school graduates were allowed to go back to school.
The central government and the province of Kaduna remain silent regarding the fate of the abducted students and their teacher.
A Cafes Day in Nigeria
Twitter user Ndi Kato said the incident is a national disaster:
Today in Kaduna, children in graduate classes who were ordered to continue their studies have been kidnapped by armed men.
One person has beenly killed, the younger's life has been cut short, and others have left with them and we may never see them again.
This must have disappointed any Nation.
But it's still normal day Nigeria lamented Twitter user Chima Chigozie:
Some students have been kidnapped in Kaduna, one of them male students has been killed during the attack.
The boy's life has been cut short, it was supposed to shock the country, but NO, this is a regular day in Nigeria.
Jaja blames politics for causing the public discontent and anger towards this kidnapping of students:
The Kaduna boys abducted won't get the sympathy Chibok girls because they are first boys and second Goodluck Jonathan (GEJ) is not the president.
Goodluck Ebele Jonathan (GEJ) was President, when 276 girls from government school were kidnapped by militants in Boko Haram, from the northeastern town of Chiembo in April 2014.
This abduction led to a worldwide process with the hashtag #ReturnZu by millions of people online.
Read More: Nigerians Celebrating the return of 82 Chibok girls at the hands of Boko Haram
Also on February 19, 2018, Boko Haram abducted 110 female college students from the girls school of science and science in Dapchi, Yobe State, North East Nigeria.
Read More: Boko Haram abducted female college students in Nigeria suspected dead
The kidnapping of the Damba-Kasaya students and their teacher is a recurring tragedy.
The only difference is that now those who are responsible for this horrific incident are not Boko Haram but armed mercenaries.
The Crimes of Kaduna's Maharamia
Military violence erupted in North East Nigeria in the states of Zamfara, Kaduna, Niger, Sokoto, Kebbi and Katsina.
ACAPS is an independent humanitarian organization, which confirmed that it is not related to the rebellion of Boko Haram in the northeast:
The militarized violence broke out as a conflict between farmers and farmers in 2011 and broke out between 2017 and 2018 including looting, rape and murder.
By March 2020 more than 210,000 people have become internally displaced.
Rural communities remained well-behaved by maharamia that between January and June this year has killed 1,126 people from northern Nigeria.
Southern towns of Kaduna are the most targeted where they have killed 366 people in the first half of 2020, says the International Organisation for Human Rights.
Chikun LGA, the houses of the abducted students, have been facing attacks from groups of militants that have been accompanied by kidnapping and death as well as 45 communities fleeing their homelands that were seized in 2019, according to a report from the Southern Kaduna people coalition.
The people of southern Kaduna claim that the prisoners are persecutors of the Fulani tribe who are plotting their land grabbing, supported and undisclosed by both the central and province government.
But the governor of Kaduna province Nasir El-Rufai refused to associate the harassment with a plan for land grabbing or triggering by religious ideologies.
On August 22, the Kaduna province government ordered people to evacuate from 6:00 p.m. to 6:00 p.m., where in some areas it is alleged to be part of a government plan to end harmony.
However, the spokesperson of the People's Union of South Kaduna, Luka Binniyat, complained that hunger also kills us because the people don't go to their farms, our people are hopeless.
Poem Henry Swapon and Lawyer Imtiaz Mahmood.
This combination is part of their widely circulated images on social networks.
Two people were arrested on May 14 and 15 for posting their opinions on their Facebook pages.
The arrest raised questions among the communities on social networks.
Arrests of poet Henry Swapon
On May 14, poet and journalist Henry Swapon was arrested in his home in the town of Barishal, in the Central Region of Southern Bangladesh.
He has been accused of violating the Bangladesh Internet Safety Act.
As a member of a small Christian community, Swapon had earlier charged himself and his brothers Alfred and Jewel Satkat for hurting Muslims and Christians on social media.
Bangladeshi poet and editor Henry Swapan was arrested under a Cyber-Security Act!
#FreePosesión #bangladesh #bangladeshiblogger #FreeMaoni pic.twitter.com/MGoCec2nsR
According to the Dhaka Tribune, Swapon posted a post on Facebook criticizing Lawrence Subrata Howlader, a Catholic Bishop at Barishal Daythem.
The bishop chose to hold a cultural event in one of the Catholic churches on 22 April 2019, just one day after the terrorist attack on Sri Lanka.
Swapon thought that Bishop would postpone the festival in respect to the lives of hundreds of people disappeared in the attack.
Some Christians enraged the language he used to the Bishop and some even threatened him with death.
Swapon has become an online speaker denouncing all kinds of violence and corruption in their town.
Netizen Swakrito Noman wrote on Facebook:
In Bangladesh, strategy to attack activists accusing them of hurting religious sentiments has become a routine feature of Muslim leaders.
Now we see even the non-Christian ones having begun to use this tactic.
I wonder who hates this sort of criticism is the mentally ill.
Government should organise treatment for these patients.
We deeply denounce the arrest of poet Henry Swapon and demand his immediate unconditional release.
Lawyer Imtiaz Mahmood's arrest
The morning of May 15, police arrested Supreme Court lawyer and journalist Imtiaz Mahmud under a 2017 article that is currently outlawed, the Information, Communication and Technology Act where one citizen, Shafiqul Islam, complained that Mahmood's Facebook posts have hurt his feelings of faith and triggered crimes in the southwestern region of Chittagong, Bangladesh.
Imtiaz Mahmood found him granted bail for the first time the case was presented but the Khagrachhari court issued an arrest warrant contrary to that of January 2019.
Mahmood reacted to his comments during the massive ethnic violence that took place after a Bengali motorist was killed in Khagrachhari, prompting a group of Bengali residents to set fire several houses and shops in Rangamati in Chittagong.
Local sources told Dhaka Tribune that the police did not take any steps to prevent this.
Hundreds of such charges were filed from 2013 to 2018, as the Information and Communication Act changed by the Internet Safety Act.
Bangladesh represses social media.
Police conducted a second detention in two days under Cyber Security Act.
Journalist Imtiaz Mahmood was arrested on a case under the Information and Communication Act on Wednesday morning.
#FreedomExpression #ICTLawhttps://t.co/eH8H38unCr
Journalist Meher Afroz Shao wrote on Facebook:
She loves the mountains and the people who live there.
He writes about their rights.
I have never seen words of sedition in its writings.
There is a big mistake.
I believe the mistakes will be corrected soon.
PS: I have seen so many posts on Facebook which have dirty languages and stereotypes in it.
If those people were prosecuted today, would their arrest warrant be issued right now?
Many netizens have denied the arrest of the two, calling for the law's revulsion.
Bangladeshi immigrant Leesa Gazi tweeted:
It is a total shame.
The Bangladesh government is unable to provide public order but is trying to arrest people under a repressive Internet Safety Act which is contrary to the Bangladesh Constitution.
https://t.co/1sFKY10OPV
Journalist Probhash Amin wrote on Facebook:
After poet Henry Swapon, lawyer Imtiaz Mahmood (are arrested).
Freedom of expression is restricted.
I want all the draconian laws to be violated.
I want freedom of speech.
I want Henry Swapon and Imtiaz Mahmood to be immediately released.
Despite indicating that the law would restrict free speech, the Bangladeshi parliament passed a Cyber-Security Act in September 2018.
This law replaced another repressive information and technology law, which was also used as an instrument to silence online critics.
The law also criminalizes various online conversations ranging from bitter messages to bitter religious sentiments and values, including heavy fines.
It also allows long-term prison terms for cybercrimes that create social violence and for collecting, sending and storing accurate government information and documents through digital services.
The Bangladesh Editors Council said the law violated the constitutional freedom, press freedom and freedom of expression.
Read more: Bangladesh Freedom of Expression Activists say a digital security law is for defamation
The law gives extensive powers to law enforcement agencies to investigate anyone whose activities are deemed to be harmful and dangerous to the security.
Khartoum, Sudan.
Photo by Christopher Michel from Flickr under CC BY 2.0.
After the Sudanese revolution, Sudan's transitional authorities signed a peace accord with The Sudan Revolutionary Front a major rebel group that has continued to operate after the removal of its former leader Omar al-Bashir, last year.
The historic peace accord was signed on 31 August, in Juba, South Sudan which has the support of regional and international associations such as the Troican countries, the European Union, Egypt and some Gulf countries.
It’s also an exciting moment to be marred by a historic flooding that has affected some parts of Sudan, leading to an ongoing decline in an economy that was already in the shed.
Sudanese netizens, however, still celebrated the news on the web.
Sudanese blogger Waleed Ahmed wrote:
Today we are dedicated, we are back home.
The video which shows the Sudan Liberation Movement (SLMAA) lead by Minawi announcing to put down the weapons on December 16, 2019, in support of the coup movement.
Mini Arko Minawi, head of SLMA, wrote:
Min Arko Minawi.
Yesterday’s signature will put Sudan in a new trend, both for and for the people of Sudan, organizations and civil society in partnership with friends and neighboring regions.
We must create a comprehensive platform for the new history of our country.
Sudan's Prime Minister Abdalla Hamdok who welcomed the peace accord by saying:
I send the peace that we signed today in our Sudanese nation to our children who are born in refugees and in camps, to fathers and mothers who wish their villages and towns in hearing for the glorious December revolution, the promise of return, the promise of justice and the promise of development and security.
These arrangements guarantee the freedom of self-rule of rebellion groups in the territories they are held under the control of the supreme government.
The deal will ensure that one-third of the parliament seats belong to people from the rebel areas to deliver their concerns and concerns.
The agreements also guarantee justice and equality to those who were challenged by the former leadership most of whom are non-Muslims or non-Arabic.
This is not the first peace agreement in Sudan's history.
Some netizens have pointed out that the peace agreement is a regular round in Sudan and may not bring peace or peace.
Inbal Ben Yehuda wrote:
An event that happens once every 5-9 years is not a historical thing but a cycle.
The Peace Agreement of Abuja 2006
The Doha Peace Agreement 2011
The Peace Agreement for Juba 2020
Best to wait before the celebration
The agreement Is Not Complete
Despite this exciting event, the two rebel groups have not signed this petition. The SLMA group led by Abdul Wahid al-Nur, and the Northern Sudanese Freedom Movement (SPLM-N), led by Abdelaziz al-Hilu, all resigned because of their lack of answering to some questions regarding the coalition's military operations and national identity.
Three days after the signing of the peace agreement, the Sudanese Prime Minister traveled to Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, to meet al-Hilu to discuss the clash according to the Sudan Coordination
On Wednesday, Prime Minister Abdallah Hamdok held a secret meeting with Abdel Aziz al-Hilu in an effort to eradicate the barrier to the peace talks held by the South Sudanese government.
The summit led to the signing of the treaties that will respect the peace negotiations that have been held in Juba.
Social media in Sudan was blocked for a copy of the agreement, written in English lugJS, in reference to Section 3 on religious and national issues:
A democratic nation must be born in Sudan.
For Sudan to be a democratic nation where the rights of all persons are respected, the constitution should be based on secularism and a nation where individual rights should be respected.
The freedom of faith and devotion and religious activities should be given to all Sudanese citizens.
The state should not establish a state religion, without a citizen who will be discriminated against because of his religion.
Sudanese citizens are divided into two divisions on the issue: the first group considers the separation of citizenship and religion a key factor in the human rights principle; the second group considers the transitional government not the authority to make decisions on this issue without the authority of the public to conduct democratic elections.
After the meeting, the Prime Minister's Twitter account republished an Arabic version of the contract, with the content different from the content of the original in English.
While the English version emphasized the fact that it is impossible to separate religion from nationality, the Arabic version suggests discussion on this controversial issue.
The differences in these two versions have raised a number of questions as to the future of this negotiation.
Historical peace, historical flooding
As peace brings joy to Sudan, the Nile River continues to flood with unexpected human disasters.
According to a September 8 report, the National Security Council, in the flooding claimed the lives of 103 people, 50 wounded, 5,482 cattle killed, 27,341 houses destroyed and 42,210 houses damaged, 179 government buildings and private institutions damaged, 359 shops and warehouses damaged and 4,208 agricultural hectares damaged in the flooding.
YouStorm shared a video comparing the water supply of the Nile River on July 16 and August 16:
Flooding in Nile River in Sudan on July 16 compared to August 30 #Sentinel2 in North Khartoum.
Created by #EOBrowser @sentinel_hub #Sudanfloods pic.twitter.com/l8LRNBFY9m
On September 3, Sinnar province governor Ustadhi Elmahi Sulieman declared a state of emergency on his Facebook wall:
One of the river Nile’s waters this night has been increased because of heavy rains that have caused a break between the barriers and security walls, a small dam built on the soils of the town of Singa and the areas of Umm Benin, and the water has started to rise in the town and residential areas.
Thus we order all government bodies and NGOs to come out to help to rescue the people as soon as possible and provide them with shelter, food and medical care.
The situation is alarming:
In the province of Sinnar | Singa, the situation is horrible after rain broke it's banks allowing water from Nile River to enter the city.
Sudanese youth from the island of Tuti built a wall to prevent the flood watering from entering their island.
It was a act of courage, said Hassan Shaggag:
These are the ones who will build Sudan..and are the ones who are running for office now.
Sudanese citizens have shortages of basic necessities such as bread, gas, medicine and electricity – having been power cuts for six hours a day.
The destruction of Sudanese money now exceeds 202 percent, according to Professor Steve Hanke.
However, until now the transitional government has yet to control the market.
Now there is a peace promise, but what exactly is the government’s strategy for making life easier for citizens?
Student leader Jutatip Sirikhan under white colour as a sign of a protest after his release.
Image and caption from Prachatai
This article is from Prachatai, an independent news source in Thailand, edited and published by Global Voices as part of a content-sharing agreement.
Thailand Student Union President Jutatip Sirikhan has been arrested on his way to college on September 1, because of his participation in a major July 18 protest.
Jutatip was arrested in a car on the way to a classroom at the Thammasat University of the Tha Prachan Campaign in Bangkok.
He took to his Facebook page at 7:50 p.m. on September 1, when civilian security forces stopped a taxi on which he was jumping and showed him a arrest warrant.
Jutatip was taken to lSamranrat police station.
A police officer accompanied him on the drive from a different taxi because he didn't feel safe to ride a private car the soldiers came to arrest him.
He continued to be a businessman on his Facebook, reading an article in Cawaida Knowledge translated to Kithailand by Thomas Paine.
He was then thrown to a Bangkok criminal court and granted bail and released at 6.20pm under the care of a teacher from Thammasat university.
The court did not demand that he immediately paid 100,000 baht (US$3,190) for the bail, but was put on the condition that he could not repeat the accused crime in which it was given to every one who was arrested and released.
Jutatip is the 14th activist to be arrested for taking part in a massive July 18 protest.
15 other participants in the protest have received a call and to the Samranrat police station to rule on their trial on August 28.
Jutatip was charged with sedition, in violation of the Emergency Order and the Diaspora Act, among other charges.
Jutatip came out in front of a criminal court after his release and held a brief press conference.
The color can be cleared, but we can't clear the mistreatment
I didn't plan to run since then.
I knew that I have an arrest warrant.
and I have been waiting for long time to be arrested, but it did not happen until today.
Every time one person is arrested there must be ugly words that we did not protest peacefully.
I am a student and have been harassed by the military for months, for years.
Why no compensation for me?
Why the compensation for the only dictatorship police?
There should be an appeal first, but what happened was that the police came up with a direct arrest warrant.
It is the mistreatment of the student.
They got me back by monitoring my phone contacts from where I live.
They have threatened my home, my family and they have sent me a arrest warrant so we have to organize our protests.
Everything is constitutional.
We pay our taxes, we should be removed and not humiliated by the government.
So today, I expressed myself asserting that we can do this.
We must stand for our rights and freedoms.
Racing is also a thing that can be done.
Then Jutatip spilled a white elephant on his body, raising his hand to the ground, throwing the three-fingered hunger struggle.
He said that the white color represents sanity and justice, and that they demand a more just return.
Showing that this is justice, this is a kind of indication that we can do
Even if it's just spraying ourselves right now, it's a way to show that we can spray ourselves at any time.
We can paint those who have power because they criminalize us and shoot at us at any time, however, because they have power.
The paint can be cleaned but the paint can not be cleaned.
After that Jutatip thanked the Hon. Teacher who granted bail to the people who came to support him and help the crowd clean up the paint that he has spread on foot in front of the court.
We will not stop fighting until we win everything, including the monarchy reform and the new constitution, he said Jutatip.
Screenshot from video on YouTube, by VideoVolunteers.
This post was written by Grace Jolliffe and originally was launched by Video Volunteers, an award-winning international networking group based in India.
An edited version is published below as part of an award-winning agreement.
As India passes a seven-part election period from 11 April to 19 May 2019, to elect its seventh parliament (Lok Sabha), some Indian voters have taken an unusual responsibility for boycotting the election activities.
Read More: All you want to know about Indian Elections 2019
In Goa, South India's state, a small village resident in the suburb of Cancona (second district), the village of Marlem refused to vote on April 23 in the third term of the general elections, claiming that the government had been the problem with being in their village.
Their main concerns are that necessities and services such as good roads and access to clean and safe water services have never been provided by the government.
The video of social commentator Devidas Gaonkar, a native of the Velip, shows the protest of the villagers:
In the video, Pandurang Gaonkar, a resident of Marli village said that:
From Tirwal to Marlem are only three kilometers away but not complete.
To date no action has been taken by the authorities.
They give us false promises and there is no fulfillment.
And for that reason, we do not vote.
Marlem village residents have been living in the village for over 20 years now.
In 1968, the Forestry Department declared the village of Marlem as a safe haven for wildlife.
This makes construction of roads or any development work in this area difficult to implement.
According to reports, the planned approval of the national forest service for access to the area was passed but recently blocked because of overthrow from the State Forestry Department.
Another source of disaster for local residents is the lack of proper roads.
One has to travel from the highway 2.8km away from the unclear road so that he can find the first home in the village of Marlem.
Lastly, supply of electricity and safe water to villagers has remained a challenge to the villagers.
Despite regularly making their complaints public, but they have failed to meet their needs, the residents of Marlem and the residents of two other villages refused to vote against them in order to draw the attention of the authorities to their complaints.
The staff of the electoral commission came to talk to us about our decision not to vote and our position is there, added Pandurang.
Isidore Fernandes, the opposition leader from the Indian National Congress (Indian National Congress) and a member of parliament in Cancona, also met with residents in the area.
Listening to their grievances, he assured that he would help counter the sorrow.
It is important for any government to make roads, provide electricity and water for their people.
So far all government officials have ignored these services in the village of Marlem, said Fernandes.
The boycott of the elections has now been one of the ways to go on strike, although voting is not mandatory in India.
Unlike the village of Goa, the villages in the Central Madhya Pradesh, the western province of Maharashtra, and Eastern province of Odisha have been using this tactic to be able to deliver their important concerns to the leaders of the authorities.
However, no one of these strikes has been taken seriously by the government.
Many voters have begun to accustom to using these techniques as a gesture of anger towards politicians and government officials who have turned into marginalized communities during the elections, hoping for their votes, and unable to perform their promises after the elections.
But finally, if the boycott of elections does not bring about a change in society, what could the community do to draw the ears of the authorities who have to hear their voices and take implementation measures?
Journalist Amade Abubacar.
Photo: caiccajuda/Youtube.
Journalists Amade Abubacar and Germano Adriano, who were arrested earlier this year while covering a military crisis in the northern Mozambican region, were released without charge on April 23, 2019.
Amade, who has been contributing to media outlets such as Zitamar News and A Carta, was arrested on January 5 while conducting an interview with local refugees from the Macomia district in the northern province of Cabo Delgado.
Germano, a journalist for the social radio station Nacedje, disappeared since February 6 and was found while detained on February 18, 2011.
According to a report from the African Press Alliance (MISA), Amade and Germano were accused of spreading information about the harassment of some of the leaders of the Mozambican Civil Force through their Facebook pages where they announced the beginning of an attack in the villages in the Macomia district.
They were released from Mieze Prison in Pemba, Cabo Delgado's capital, and are under investigation while awaiting trial at a resident judge in Cabo Delgado.
The trial is scheduled for the first time on May 17.
Since 2017, groups of armed men and women have been attacking the villages of Cabo Delgado, burning houses and slaughtering residents.
More than 90 people have been spared since the attacks began according to police reports.
To date no group has publicly acknowledged responsibility for the attacks.
In December 2018, the newspaper A Carta de Moçambique confirmed the presence of a Facebook page, with the name deemed fake as the page praises the attacks of armed groups in Cabo Delgado.
It is unclear whether charges against Amade and Germano are related to the page.
The team's defence reports that there is no connection between them to this page or any other criminal activities taking place on their Facebook pages.
The charges against these journalists have been met with many confusion.
After Amade was arrested, the police put him under the Guard of the Civil Force.
He was sent to a military prison where he spent 12 days without any communication and then transferred to a civilian prison.
The team was charged only when it came to April 16, a violation of the maximum 90 day order, in violation of the detention law and the detention of Mozambique, in the case of Abubacar.
During the trial in the same period of collective detention, all journalists were convicted of criminalizing government secrets on social media and triggering communities through digital media.
These charges are conflicted with initial charges filed against them, in which MISA translated them as a spread of a brutal message by army leaders of Mozambique through a Facebook page that documented the attacks of people in the villages in the Macomia district.
During the 106 days spent in prison, Abubacar faced food crisis and medical deprivation, according to Amnesty International.
His family told @Verdade newspaper that they were prohibited from visiting Abubacar throughout his detention.
What happened to these journalists is part of continued harassment against media workers in northern Mozambique.
Independent investigative journalist Estácio Valoi was detained in December 2018, as well in Cabo Delgado for unknown legal reasons.
Later he was released without charges, but his equipment remained in the hands of the army.
The Right Appel
Cídia Chissungo, an activist and campaigner for the #AmedeAwekweFree campaign, celebrated the news saying:
#AmadeAbubacar and #GeramanoAdriano are finally FREE after being detained for 4 months.
We really celebrate but we won't forget how everything started.
We have since said that: Journalism is not a crime.
Thank you for your support in our
Angela Quintal, manager of the Project Committee to Protect Journalists (CPJ), Africa Region said:
Now it is to ensure that the trial is thrown away and #AmadeAbubacar can continue his journalistic career without fear of arrest.
The fact is that he has survived 106 days in detention without trial for charges, not the carnage that was treated.
He should not be charged!
Image of Iranian Revolutionary leader Imamu Khomeini on the wall of a building in Sananday, in the Iranian suburban capital Kurdistan seen through the window.
Photo by Jordi Boixareu.
Copyright Demotix
Global Voices co-founder Ethan Zuckerman described them as a model of people who wish to share their home culture with people from other communities.
The idea, created through a rooted system within Global Voices, reflects a role and role of social culture.
As our work aims at combining the existing divide between external views on Iran and the real within the country itself, Global Voices Iran has started a series of interviews with Iranian writers and authors that will do so.
This interview will be conducted to understand how and how these people have done their work through explaining the outside Iranian community about Iran and the complexity and ambiguity of their explaining.
Golnaz Esfandiari: I think the use of social media in Iran and its benefits are increasing
Golnaz Esfandiari is a senior host at Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty, and one of the few journalists based outside of Iran writing in English about the troubles and challenges of Iranian society and politics.
Photo used with permission of Golnaz Esfandiari.
Read more: Conversation with Golnaz Esfandiari, English-language media engineering portal
In an interview with Global Voices, he said:
I think the use of social media in Iran has increased and its benefits have also increased.
Officials admit that and I see too many people in the country using social media.
I think that since 2009, social media usage has increased considerably.
Some Iranians told me they have joined Twitter after reading about the allegations of the Twitter Revolution in Iran.
Social media helps to help conversate and share content that is banned or seen as a shame with people talking openly.
Also often people criticize government policies and attitudes on social media.
Kelly Golnoush Niknejad: You have to be a journalist, a psychologist, a professor and reader at the same time
Iranian media investor Kelly Golnoush Niknejad, is the founder of The Guardian's Tehran Institute of Information which writes about Iran and Iranians abroad.
The project is one of the leading sources providing a different take on the country and on political, cultural and public issues.
Photo by Kelly Golnoush Niknejad, used with permission.
Read more: How the Tehran Institute of Kelly Golnoush Niknejad connects Iran to the West.
In the worst view of non-Iranis from Iran, he explains:
When it comes to Iran, I always find myself back to 1979 then describing the changes that took place decade after decade to make sense of this present.
It is sometimes too hard even for Iranians to understand what is happening in Iran at the moment that they are not Iranians.
This shows how important it is to cover Iran's gubigubi, putting the lives of ordinary people in a special line.
Our arrival in the country by issuing academic information to the sole authorities is neither the primary nor the most important thing to us as journalists.
That's why even the careful people who follow the news do not understand the basics that happen in Iran.
It is true if they will follow reports from the Tehran Institute they will get a very different take.
Nina Ansary: I believe women will be at forefront of any change in Iran
I have Ansary is a guardian of the God's Joy: About Iranian Women, the first ever book to write about the equality of women in politics from the end of the 19th century so far.
Poster of the Quran, Quran, Quran and Quran.
The book explains how women have been able to build Iran's current history and are continuing to do so, while continuing to work towards establishing the fundamentals of their rights and equality in communities that have been oppressing them by nature.
Read more: Conversation with Iranian Women Equality Fighter Nina Ansary on Iran's Change Night Eve
Ansary said she had a positive view of Iran's tomorrow and the role of a woman in it:
and because I saw their return.
And this is because female activists weren't able to get a certain answer: women weren't allowed to be judges but now serve as spy judges.
Women were not allowed to read some of the disciplines, but for years they have managed to recover into disciplines that were dominated by more men, such as medical and engineering.
I'm carefully looking at the positive, but I hope women are going to be at forefront of any change in Iran.
Saeed Kamali Dehghan: They see Iran as a black and white picture but Iran is not.
It is like a rainbow rolling down.
With over 800 posts on Iran, Saeed Kamali Dehghan is The Guardian's first prime journalist who dedicated to writing about Iran and he is one of the few Iranians employed by a major English-language news company.
Photo used with permission of Saeed Kamali Dehghan.
Many of his reports are related to human rights violations in Iran, but as he said in a phone interview, the major problem with Western media is that they see Iran as a black and white picture but Iran is not.
Iran is like the Rainbow, colorful
Read more: Saeed Kamali Dehghan writing for Iran in The Guardian
In the difficulty of writing for the country she is emotional attached to, Saeed explains:
As an Iranian I have my feel about the country, but when I write about it I try to stay a little side to get rid of favorites.
But I’m allowed to express my thoughts while writing other things and I’ve been doing something like that.
I wrote about why Canada understood Iran badly and this led the then foreign minister to accuse me of being exploited by Iranian authorities via his Twitter account.
I have been attacked by some people who have been accusing me of being served by Iranians and others have been accusing me of serving the UK.
I believe this is a sign of how I'm performing my work.
Omid Memarian: Turning your anger into a thing of constructivity and non-censorship is art
Omid Memarian, an Iranian journalist based in New York.
Omid Memarian is an oldly read writer in Iran and now works in the US and has been covering the Iranian news with English and Persian languages.
Our interview sought to explore the diversity in reporting stories about Iran to different languages and experiences as a domestic and foreign journalist in Iran.
Read more: Iranian journalist Omid Memarian
Memarian shares his experience writing and reporting to the Iranian community, as follows:
There and still are people inside Iran who believe in empowering social, political and press freedom, the Islamic regime can change slowly from within.
On the other hand there are other forces fighting to prove that this is not possible and one way is to make the environment so dangerous that no one will dare to remain ongoing.
When I insisted on continuing to do what I was doing, writing an inspiration for my convictions that I was arrested and sent into jail.
Hooman Majd: Iran has no unique difference: the unique thing here is that many people don't know much about Iran.
We are now revolving towards the United States' foreign policy.
A few weeks away from the Obama administration's edge, it's highly unlikely that the US had left its biggest, long-term reconciliation project with its long-time enemy, the Islamic legend of Iran.
In the Donald Trump Presidential rape that shows will be the uniqueness of a violent and violent legend, I think it’s the time to sit down by journalist and advocate Hooman Majd.
His books, articles and publications describe Iran's dilemma which was widely perceived by mainstream US media during the Bush period, when the Iranian government's atrocities took place at the beginning of the 2000s in Iran's foreign policy and media perceptions.
Hooman Majd has been dubbed Iran's voice for the West.
Majd photo by Ken Browar, used with permission.
Read more: Conversation with Hooman Majd, a bridge between Iran and the US media.
As Iranian misconceptions have brought a lesson since his book in 2008 which aims to challenge the misconceptions of Iranian society towards American readers:
Ahmadinejad was the first public media source, the first negative news source.
But Iranians of American and European descent have written a lot about their culture recently, and there are many travels between Iran and the US with Iranians of American and Iranian descent.
They understand a bit better now and there are a lot of books.
Iran is not unique: but what is unique is that many people don't know too much about Iran.
Protests in Rio de Janeiro: Education is our weapon | Photo: Marianna Cartaxo / Mídia NINJA/ Used with permission
On May 15, thousands of Brazilians took to the streets in all 26 states protesting against the Bolsonaro government's cut education funds that will affect hundreds of schools and universities.
At the end of April, the Brazilian government announced a cut for 30 percent of what is considered a budget for water, electricity, general maintenance and research costs.
While it is considered the total government budget for higher education, the revenue could be of up to three or 5 percent.
However, the government has granted the scholarships to the 3,500 higher education students that were sponsored by the government.
From Paulista Street in São Paulo, a center of demonstrations to traditional fields in Alto Rio Negro, close to the Colombian border, people went out to promote public education.
In Viçosa, Minas Gerais, a group of about 5,000 people marched with umbrellas with heavy rains in the air.
Aerial view of a massive crowd of protesters in São Paulo's Paulista Avenue protesting education and scientific research funding.#15M #TodosPela Educaciónção #Tsunamida Educaciónção #NaRuaPela Educaciónção #MarchaPelaCiência pic.twitter.com/BmHEYBuF9F
https://globalvoices.org/wp-content/uploads/2019/05/WhatsApp-Video-2019-05-15-at-21.00.30.mp4
Brazil has 69 public schools and a large number of government universities and both provide a undergraduate and postgraduate degree free of charge and some social services such as law consulting offices and hospitals.
In the past, the admission was to be made at three universities but later the admission was made at all other universities.
Bolsonaro’s education minister, Abraham Weintraub said that this is not income but austerity.
Weintraub explained that there is revenue because public schools are like a piece of destruction.
Asked by the reporters to explain an example of that destruction.When he mentioned the massive social gatherings in the morning as well as the celebrations of naked people.
Weintraub was appointed minister in April after his temporary office was removed because of his roles in conflicts.
The new minister has always commented on the right-wing policy of medicines introduced to Brazil as a communist strategy, and wants to eradicate the Marxism culture of colleges.
Some university headmasters said the entrance could prevent them from opening the doors at the beginning of their second term in 2019.
The public prosecutor's office has sent a statement to the attorney-general who complained about a violation of the Brazilian constitution.
Rio de Janeiro looks awesome!
Hundreds and thousands hold Avenida Presidente Vargas at night.When you enter against the budget for education and science.#15M #TodosPela Educaciónção #Tsunamida Educaciónção #NaRuaPela Educación pic.twitter.com/8MIn91crKX
Researchers from the University of Minas Gerais (UFMG) who are researching WhatsApp groups in Brazil have found out that there were many conversations via the app after it was announced budget cuts.
The research has created an application that will monitor the WhatsApp groups widely and will be widely used by a organization that is engaging in the discovery of facts in Brazil.
Leading researcher Fabrício Benevuto on May 8 on his Facebook page said :
[Photograph included] colorless photos/photographs/events expressed because of their headlines and topics.
There are photos of naked people in the ceremony and a number of jokes by protesters that says it takes 12 years for students to graduate because they are consuming contraceptives all the time.
This is clearly a planned cause.
In the same form as the electoral campaign.
Who admits the factory for false news?
An article on the website Ciência na Rua (Street Science in Portuguese) claims that public schools produce 95 percent of the scientific research in Brazil.
A study by Captain Clarivate Analytics in 2018 suggests that out of 20 out of the best research productive universities, 15 are part of the government network.
On protest day, Minister Weintraub was called to explain the budget cut in Congress's House of Representatives.
Bolsonaro is an enemy of education
Education is a act of love and courage#TsunamiDaEducacao pic.twitter.com/sEEOb5wDxz
Bolsonaro later was in Texas, where he met with former US President George W. Bush.
Asked about the protest, the president said:
It’s normal [ that the rhetoric has happened], now, the majority of the people there are headless.
If they asked the 7th answer 8 times, they don't know.
If you know to ask them about the structure of the water they won't be washed away, they don't know anything.
They are silly and profitable bastards and have been exploited by a handful of talented people running a number of public schools in Brazil.
Ugandan journalist Gertrude Uwitware Tumusiime brought attention to the plight while working as a female journalist in Uganda.
Screenshot from The Other Side: Gertrude Uwitware Subscribe to YouTube.
In Uganda, female journalists who use digital media to report, comment and get the news face attacks and harassment because they investigate and publish critical political content.
Online violence has become a new mechanism for censorship.
Women journalists carry a consistent burden of sexual and sexual violence online, including threats related to reporting on political news.
This ongoing threat has resulted in women journalists stepping down from public debates, leaving journalism more dominated by men. #MenAgainstRape — Dil-emma (@baysharum) June 8, 2014
Read More: The price for varied opinion: Uganda's social media scandal
Joy Doreen Biira, a journalist.
Photo by Members of the Wikimedia Commons CC BY 3.0.
In November 2016, Ugandan journalist Joy Doreen Biira, who used to work on Kenya Television Network (KTN) in Kenya, returned to Uganda for a cultural event.
While Biira was in their presence, Ugandan security forces clashed with the Rangers of the Rjobururu Kingdom in the western region of Rjobori, their presidential palace was set on fire.
The gunfire left 62 people dead, including 16 police officers.
Biira commented on the reaction to the attack on Facebook on November 27:
It is pathetic what I have witnessed today in my own eyes the part of the Kingdom's Chamber of Deputies, the Rwenzururu Kingdom, burning to the ground.
I felt as though I was watching an legacy destroyed in front of my eyes.
On the same day, Biira was arrested and accused of spreading complex photos of the violent clashes between security forces and the King's Rangers' protection for a WhatsApp group that has many members, according to Committee to Protect Journalists (CPIJ).
He also posted an Instagram video of the kingdom's dormitory being burned and posted his news on Facebook, the CPJ.
Ugandan security forces were allegedly forced Ms to delete social media content and her digital devices were seized, according to the Freedom House 2018 report.
Biira was charged with supporting terrorism for filming a military attack on the kingdom's Palace with death under the Anti-Terrorism Proclamation if found guilty.
However, a day later, he was released on bail.
Biira's case drew reactions on social media with the hashtags #FreeJoyDoreen and #JournalismIsNotaCrime.
The netizen accused Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni of silencing journalists:
#FreeJoyDoreenPresident @KagutaMuseveni should stop silencing journalists.
This act is a serious violation of human rights in our continent.
Biira’s advocate, Nicholas Opiyo, published a tweet that highlights the official charges against which Biira faces:
Joyanay's bail copy is charged with terrorism (shame!)
#journalism is not a crime @KT NKenya @KT NKenya #FreeJoyDoreen
Opiyo told Global Voices that the Biira case was dismissed and cancelled in March 2017 after the administration conducted an investigation and lack of evidence to file a court.
Equally with other cases like this, one burns down on himself but remains sensitive to abuse, injustice, and pain, said Opiyo, who is also the executive director of Chapter Four Uganda, a human rights organization.
Opiyo added that having been in jail for several days and endured the pain of being imprisoned was a feeling that was never taken away from anyone.
Target attacks online
It is rare for female journalists who are faced with injustice online to have justice, and often has a tough time to guarantee that their complaints are seriously taken into account and examined in due course.
In April 2017, Gertrude Tumusiime Uwitware, a NTV presenter on Uganda, defended Stella Nyanzi, an intellectual activist who criticized the Museveni regime for not fulfilling promises of a campaign to sell sodo to poor girls.
Leaders forced Uwitware to delete its Twitter and Facebook posts in support of Nyanzi.
He received threats on Facebook and was kidnapped by strangers for almost eight hours, according to a Human Rights Watch report on Uganda in 2017.
Her kidnappers allegedly questioned her relationship with Nyanzi, beat her badly and even grabbed her hair.
Read more: Is woman's naked a crazy word?
Women activist Stella Nyanzi continues to battle in court
Uwitware was later found at a police station in Kampala.
The authorities did not disclose any information until today about the investigation of his kidnapping.
Political journalists especially those who publish opposition politics regularly experience even more intimidation than those who publish other issues.
But female journalists experience the worst situation since the government believes they are weak and easier threatened, according to Mukose Arnold Anthony, Secretary for Media Security and Human Rights at Uganda Media Association (UJA), who spoke to Global Voices via WhatsApp on April 3.
When it comes to online sexual harassment, female journalists who are afraid to keep themselves a few express the world they're just getting to the same, Anthony said.
It happens to have more psychological consequences to women journalists, such as violations of their privacy, disruption of identity, restriction of their opportunities to go there and there, censorship, and dispossession due to their work, according to the UNESCO survey on freedom of expression in Africa published in 2018.
And, according to the Human Rights Network for Journalists-Uganda study 2018, 12 percent of female journalists have faced abuse and abuse, including death threats and arrests.
Three quarters of female journalists have been faced with injustice in the hands of government officials such as the police, district heads and other security officers.
Attacks and harassments
Ugandan journalist Bahati Remmy has suffered attacks and violence while working as a female reporter.
Photo via Bahati Remmy's Paydesk account, used with permission.
Bahati Remmy, a Ugandan female journalist who currently works in the US, told Global Voices that she had stopped working as a journalist in Uganda because she felt a loss of interest after a horrific incident when she covered the elections in Uganda in 2016.
Ugandan police arrested Remmy during a live broadcast on NBS, a private television station, to announce the house arrest of opposition leader Dr. Kizza Besigye in the town of Kasangati.
Remmy told Global Voices:
Police raised a shock while stopping journalists from reporting on Besigye.
Police grabbed my zombies in their car, grabbed my clothes on the plate and left my naked in front of the camera, according to Remmy.
He was also followed by a police officer on Facebook as the Ugandan government thought that he had collaborated with Besigye to revive the country's image.
He told Global Voices that a text message from anonymous was left at the door with death threats if he refused to disclose the way he would use Besigye from his home.
After Remmy's arrest case, the Uganda Media Network for Human Rights organized a referendum to evaluate the situation there.
They asked: The Ugandan police alleged that NBS TV reporter Bahati Remmy violated the legal order and also barred the police from doing their job by arresting him.
Are you agreeing?
Magambo Emmanuel wrote:
It’s a weak and false reason because there’s a video clip showing how Bahati was arrested.
The police should stop directing their problems to the journalists.
Davide Lubuurwa wrote:
Whoever tries to teach the people about the state of affairs should be arrested.
Uganda's biggest problem comes recently.
What annoys me is that any person who tries to say something unprotected to the current regime is regarded as a rebel therefore it is guaranteed by the Ugandan to speak out.
Many female journalists in Uganda have left journalism especially those criticizing the government for fear of being attacked and disturbed by the regime.
Journalists have explained that the government and security forces are calling editors and ordering them not to publish negative news.
These attacks are not in particular by women, where it is difficult to comprehend the exact situation.
Remmy regretted the Ugandan government at the Human Rights Commission of Uganda, but until today, nothing happened about her case.
The commission lacks the freedom to make decisions on the part of those who file complaints against the government.
Seven of his members, including his chairman, are being appointed by the president, with permission from the Parliament.
Preferent, Remmy said, adding: They have an overview of cases, and most of the cases they want to hear are submitted by the government.
The numerous threats female journalists face online are closely linked to those of violence against them outside the internet.
Remmy believes the rights, status and status of women journalists should be taken into account always because attacks on women undermine the media sector in general.
As Uganda prepares for presidential and parliamentary elections in 2021, attacks and abuses against women journalists and governments should be abolished because they affect access to information, freedom of expression and the democratic rights of Ugandans.
Journalism freedom is lulling as a negligible child in the state system, Remmy told Global Voices.
This article is part of a series called Identity Chart: A platform for managing online threats against freedom of expression in Africa, these publications question hate speech based on geographical or linguistic backgrounds, poor news and abuse (especially against activists women and journalists) that has occurred online in seven African countries: Algeria, Cameroon, Ethiopia, Nigeria, Nigeria, Sudan, Tunisia and Uganda.
The project is financed by the African Digital Rights Foundation of the Organisation for International ICT Policy Cooperation for East and South Africa (CIPESA).
The roots of trees hanging on the 15th-century wall of Kilwa Island in Tanzania.
In 1981, the heaviest Swahili Sultan tents of the island were declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
Photo by David Stanley, January 1, 2017, CC BY 2.0.
Editor's suggestion: This personal post was written following a Twitter campaign by Global Voices Sub-Saharan Africa in collaboration with Rising Voices every week, a diverse linguistic activist shared his thoughts on the digital rights and African languages mix as part of the project, Matriki Identity: Threats of suppression of free expression online in Africa.
According to the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO), language and cultural diversity has a strategic role for people around the world in pursuit of solidarity and social cohesion.
This distinction of languages and cultures pressured the UNESCO summit to announce the International Mother Language Day (IMLD) on November 1999, a day marked as the 21st of February of each year.
Strengthening the IMLD, the United Nations announced the International Year of Indigenous Languages (IYIL 2019,), to take into account the risks of destruction of indigenous languages around the world.
Today, there are more than 7,100 languages spoken worldwide, with 28 percent spoken only in Africa.
Despite this, English has a leading online presence in the region.
Twenty years ago, 80% of the world's online content was based on English.
Currently, however, English content is said to have decreased to a rate of 51 to 55.
The irony, therefore, is: does the decline indicate that people now prefer their local languages rather than English, given that just less than 15 percent of the world’s population speaks English as their first language?
Kiswahili: Race?
Swahili is recognized as one of the official languages of the African Union (AU), as well as Persian, Portuguese, French, Spanish and Arabic.
Swahili is also the common language of eAC (EAC) member countries.
Rwanda, an EAC member state, through its lower parliament, passed a bill to make Swahili an official language in 2017 with Kinyarwanda, French and English.
Despite being used for administrative purposes, Swahili will be included in the country's education process.
In Uganda, in September 2019, the government confirmed the establishment of the National Council for Swahili.
Section 6 (2) of the Constitution of Uganda also describes Swahili as the second official language in Uganda and will be used in as many circumstances as Parliament can regulate by law.
In 2018, South Africa, a country proud of official 11 languages, introduced Swahili as a voluntary subject in its career, starting in 2020.
In 2019, the South African Development Community (SADC) adopted Swahili as the fourth official language of the organisation.
The limited image of Kiswahili Online
Photo by Rachel Strohm, September 20, 2019, (CC BY-ND 2.0)
Aside from being the most spoken African language, with about 150 million people in East Africa, the Milky Zone, in southern Somalia, and in other parts of South Africa, Swahili online presence is very limited.
John Walubengo, a lecturer at the Multimedia University of Kenya, explains in his article at Nation, the daily magazine in Kenya, that the lack of language and culture online creates a worldview community.
Walubengo explains that many indigenous cultures end up delivering their identity to the situation of English handling.
This sad reality can only be changed if the indigenous communities are going to fight for their identity online as well as offline, he says.
However, all is not disappointment.
Several organisations have dedicated themselves to the development and development of Swahili online in front of the lines.
The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers
(ICANN), an international organization with many stakeholders that organizes DNS, IP addresses and open source codes, created the International Regional Names (IDNs), which enables people to use regional names in original languages and texts. In fact, they are created based on characters from different texts, such as Arabic, Chinese, or Cyrillic.
They are then boycotted by Unicode standards and used as allowed by IDN regions, a set of standards outlined by the IAB, and its small corporate groups; the Internet Engineering Commission (IETF) and the Internet Research Commission (IRTF).
The Universal Acceptance Steering Group (UASG)
UASG is an industry leaders community, co-sponsored by the ICANN, which creates an online community for one billion internet users.
This is done through the Universal Admission Process (UA), which guarantees that software and networking systems handle all high quality regions (TLDs) and emails according to these regions in a coherent way as well as in non- Latin subtitles that are more than three characters.
UA serves netizens worldwide in their language and with regional names that represent their culture.
Therefore, to expand the multilingual network.
ICANNWiki
The non profit organization, which provides a wiki page developed by the community on the issue of ICANN and Internet Governance, has long worked with organizations, educational institutions and individuals in Kenya and Tanzania.
This has enabled East Africans to create, translate and enrich the Weekly resources with their vision, language and perspective.
This Kiswahili project which I as a writer have managed to involve has captured the gap in information related to Internet Governance by inviting the content of ICANNWiki to promote participation in marginalized communities.
Localization Lab
Localization Lab, an international community of volunteers involved in the translation and approval of usage guidelines and digital security devices such as TOR, Signal, OONI, Psiphon.
These technologies promote safety, privacy, and transparency by ensuring that indigenous language activists have a safe haven for access to information online.
Localization Lab translates more than 60 devices in 180 different languages around the world,
Remove the Community Network (KCN)
KCN is the first community to test the popular TVWS, a non-violent technology that uses non-usual 470 to 790 MHz intermittent radio waves to solve the problem of rural Tanzania's internet connectivity.
KCN teaches villagers to create and be hosts to natural content that has their potential and context.
Matogoro Jabhera, the founder of KCN and a assistant lecturer at the University of Dodoma, Tanzania, told Global Voices on a Skype, that he believes natural content is encouraging more offline users to join the web because they may understand their original information [] in comparison to the current situation when most content is in English.
The next billion followers online
The world expects to connect with a billion followers online and 17 million of these users are estimated to be connected to the Internet using their language as their digital identity.
Therefore, the lack of natural content may have a serious impact in terms of digital inclusion.
Bayana, while affecting digital rights, access to the internet, access to online accounts, and the right to use their language as a source to create, share, and spread information and knowledge through the internet.
It is therefore necessary to place strategies for developing ICT and services, as well as the use of local languages, in order to ensure digital inclusion for all.
This initiative, driven by various initiatives such as the introduction of learning materials, and rural reading and writing of ICTs, can trigger a digital revolution, thus promoting digital rights for netizens and suppressing the digital divide.
Eventually, this process will expedite the protection, respect and promotion of all African languages and minor languages online as achieved in the African Declaration on Internet Rights and Freedom.
The logic Identification Project is funded by the African Digital Rights Foundation and is run by the Organisation for International ICT Policy Cooperation for East and South Africa (CIPESA)
TEDGlobal Internet room.
Creative Commons photo by Flickr user Erik (HASH) Hersman, June 3, 2007.
(CC BY 2.0)
Global Voices, through its Sub-Saharan Africa contributors in collaboration with Rising Voices project, will run a social media campaign as part of a project called Identity: A platform for managing online threats against freedom of expression in Africa, from April 20 to May 22, 2020.
Read more: MatrikiAnonymous': A new initiative to promote digital rights in Africa
As a continuation of Journalism to Freedom: Digital Rights in Africa, this five-week social media campaign will encourage the public to share the discussion organised by @GVSSAfrica involving five African language activists, who will promote the digital equation of languages and rights.
The project is funded by the African Digital Rights Foundation and the Collaboration on International ICT Policy for East and South Africa (CIPESA).
Global Voices is one of the highest beneficiaries of the scheme.
The activists will tweet in African languages such as Bambara, Igbo, Khoekhoe, N |uu, Swahili, Yorùbá, as well as in French and English.
They will also be able to share their personal experiences and knowledge from a linguistic perspective on the challenges that threaten digital rights.
The chat will address how disproportionate the threats of some side of the internet are affecting online content in African languages; the spread of disinformation in African languages in different languages online and what companies or social organizations are doing about this; the impact of poor internet access in areas comprised by the larger African speakers community; the importance and challenges of the right to information in digital and African languages.
They will also highlight corporate policies, and current challenges that have an impact on how citizens can express themselves freely in their language.
Meet the debate organizers on Twitter
This Twitter discussion will be submitted by Denver Toroxa Breda (Khoekhoe/ki-N |uu/English) from South Africa, Adéṣínà Ghani Ayẹni (Yorùbá/ki-English) from Nigeria, Kpénahi Traoré (Bambara/french) from Burkina Faso, Roseblossom Ozurumba (Igbo/English) from Nigeria and Bonface Witaba (Swahili/English) from Kenya.
Some of the participants participated in the online campaign @DigiAfricanLang to commemorate the International Year of Native Languages 2019.
April 20-24: Denver Toroxa Breda (@ToroxaD)
Denver Toroxa Breda.
Photo used with permission.
Breda, a speaker of Kikhoe, who has poetry or activism, is a writer struggling for the adoption of the Kikhoekhoe and kin |uu, the first two languages in South Africa.
Bukhoe is spoken in Namibia, read in schools, but in South Africa, where it's the root cause, just 2,000 people talk, not the official recognized language, it's not at school.
Kin |uu has only one speaker, not the official recognized language, and schools, and is a language at risk of disappearance.
Loving Traoré.
Photo used with permission.
April 27-May 1: Kpénahi Traoré (@kpenahiss)
Kpénahi Traoré was born in Côte d'Ivoire but its origin is from Burkina Faso.
He is the chief editor of RFI mandenkan, the Cambodian language newsroom at the Radio France Internationale (RFI).
It has been a great experience for Traoré to work in Bambara language.
Before that, he claimed that it would be impossible to practice journalism in Bambara language
Kisamogo is Traoré's mother language, although she had the language Kidioula in Côte d'Ivoire and Burkina Faso.
Parastatals call themselves Kibambara, Guineans call themselves Kimalinke, others call themselves Kimandingo.
May 5-8: Blossom Ozurumba (@blossomozurumba)
Blossom Ozurumba.
Photo used with permission.
Ozurumba is also known as Asampete, a name that can be translated from Igbo that means the good one.
Ozurumba enjoys the language and culture of Ki Igbo and is dedicated to making sure that a few people learn to speak, write and read.
Ozurumba is the founder of a viral Wikimedia user group and regularly started conversations about the Wikimedia Foundation without pressure.
She lives in Abuja, Nigeria, and loves the peaceful and sensationality of the center of the city.
May 11-15: <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
Adéṣínà Ayẹni.
Photo used with permission
Adéṣínà Ayẹni, also known as <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
As a vocal artist, she has produced a large number of broadcasts on Nigeria's and TVC's radio campaigns.
He is the founder of the Heritage of Yobamoodua Cultural Heritage, a platform dedicated to spreading the language and culture of Yorùbá.
Igbo Yoòbá is also the linguistic manager of the Global Voices Yorùbá.
She is a Yoruban language teacher at tribalingua.com where she teaches students from around the world.
He has also worked with Localization Lab, an international community of volunteer and internet translators, software developerers, and mediators who work together to translate and privatise digital security equipment and tools to avoid blackouts or filters.
It has written a book titled: É É É É É É É É É É É É É É É É É É É É É É, a collection of illustrations with anatomy and a structure of the human body and plants that performs an amazing work on each and every part of the body.
She is a research partner at the Firebird Foundation for Anthropological Research.
May 18-22: Bonface Witaba (@bswitaba)
Bonface Witaba.
Photo used with permission.
A writer, natural content creator and activist, student, researcher, and cyberspace management and policy consultant.
She is the founder of ICANNWiki Swahili, a dedicated vocabulary website that promotes, translates, publishes, and promotes 10,000 of the web leadership to the Swahili language of 150 million Swahili speakers by the end of 2020.
At the same time, Witaba has a youth project aimed at building the potential of students, academics, and individuals in the private sector and; in the government, through a course on online governance.
Protesters call for the removal of former president Robert Mugabe (who is now dead) from office on November 18, 2017.
Image by Flickr user Zimbabwean-eyes (Free to Us).
Earlier the morning of November 15, 2017, Zimbabweans woke up to the news that a loophole, the late Robert Mugabe, had been sacked from power during a coup, and was detained in his home, the Presidential Palace, with his family.
Major General Sibusiso Moyo, currently Minister of Foreign Affairs, announced on national television that the president was safe under government protection and that the situation was at another level.
Immediately after the announcement by General Heyo, Zimbabwean citizens poured in on social media with excitement, especially WhatsApp, Twitter and Facebook, in order to update the situation.
For the first time, new media popularity made it possible to access information and encourage demonstrations that made roots among Zimbabweans, as protesters took to the streets and helped push for Mugabe's removal from office.
The new government, headed by Emmerson Dambudzo Mnangagwa, regularly decided on the power of social media.
As former country security minister, Mnangagwa also recognized the importance and role of misinformation in Zimbabwe's political field.
In March 2018, with a recognition of many times and in order to secure the overwhelming political power staged against him and in order to guarantee victory in the next year presidential and parliamentary elections, Mnangagwa ordered the youth coalition of the ruling Zimbabwe National Union-Patriotic Front to jump on social networks and attack the opposition.
In Zimbabwe after Mugabe, his initiative has caused a conflict of manipulation and dissemination of false information, leaving Zimbabwe with few reliable sources to gain insight and information about the transition and anti-government protests.
While the new government has complained about the spread of false information on social media which they deem a threat to the current administration, it has also misleading the public about its role in the anti-government protests.
The threat to freedom of speech online
Zimbabwe has seen a sharp increase in Internet use on mobile phones and social media in the past few years.
The rate of Internet penetration increased by 41.1 percent, from 11 percent of the population to 53.1 percent between 2010 and 2018, while mobile phone penetration increased by 43.8 percent from 58.8 percent to 102.7 percent during that time.
That means half the population is now connected to the internet, compared to only 11 percent in 2010.
However, misinformation and false reporting have also come under widespread crackdowns for several reasons: excessive media division, proposals by the government to regulate social media, poor formal communication and poor education among Internet users.
During the January 2019, when state security forces seized and attacked hundreds of protesters, the news of this repression was contrary to government claims of false news or denied its presence.
It blocked access to the internet to interfere with the flow of information and was controversial.
Government leaders and their supporters have also used manipulative tactics about the protests and have dubbed it as fake news being dubbed.
In Zimbabwe, citizens normally see any information presented by government ministers as correct.
For instance, Deputy Minister of Information Energy Mutodi came out to convince people that everything was fine and that videos and pictures of soldiers patrolling on the streets were produced by a few inmates.
Mutodi further misleaded the nation when he claimed on state television that there was no internet shutdowns but cyber bullying.
In another suspected government-supported misinformation, millions of people were blocked by social media during the January protest.
Others have installed a virtual private network (VPN) airtime to stay informed, but reports have circulated that the installment of a similar network would result in arrests, worries and panic.
In March 2019, when Human Rights Watch (HRW) tweeted a report condemning the use of government aggression to counter the January 2019, government supporters used Twitter to dissolve and attack HRW.
One user tweeted that the NGO was spreading falsehoods and called it an outspoken colonial entity put on trial of innocent countries to serve the country's black market.
Another reiterated the government's demands and complained that the violence was caused by hooligans who were trying to [sic] to punish the president.
And irrelevances about government policies and other public interest events have continued to prevail after the January demonstrations.
Recently, members of the ruling party Zanu PF used Twitter to mislead the public about the disappearance of Dr. Peter Magombey, the vice president of the Zimbabwe Medical Association (ZHDA).
He was abducted on September 14, 2019, following an announcement of a strike in the health sector.
ZANU PF Secretary for Youth Affairs described Magombey as a stupid and diligent character.
The account ZANU PF Patriots said the reports of her kidnapping were false.
Others spread false allegations that doctors killed many patients following the strike, including more than 500 people in one hospital.
Backstory of Zimbabwe's history
Media control in Zimbabwe is buzzing in the 20th-century colonial policies, which were dubbed the use of violence to silence their political powers.
The Rhodesia government, led by Ian Smith, focused on propaganda and censorship as its best weapon, not only to support the government's legitimacy but also to spread poor information about the war.
The colonial government passed a large number of repressive laws to express themselves or oppose Smith’s discriminatory policies and violently implemented against the liberator.
Media control was a common precedent before independence in 1980, and this marked the dominant role of the government in terms of communication policies and media monitoring in the years to come.
As well-known South African writer and journalist Heidi Holland wrote in his book, Dinner with Mugabe: The Untold Story of a Freedom Fighter Who Became a Tyrant:
Many people in the Zanu PF activism have lived the encrypted cruelty of their daily lives to appear as normal.
The forest war, or the Second Burmese War, has never ended in Zimbabwe.
Today, Mnangagwa continues with this heritage, suppressing voices of critics through poor online reporting and surfing techniques.
This post is part of a series of publications that investigates digital rights violations through tactics such as internet shutdowns and misinformation during important political events in seven African countries: Algeria, Ethiopia, Mozambique, Nigeria, Tunisia, Uganda, and Zimbabwe.
The project is financed by the Africa Digital Rights Foundation of The Collaboration on International ICT Policy for East and Southern Africa (CIPESA).
Demonstrators taking part in the 2018 Women’s March in Kampala, Uganda.
Photo Credit: Katumba Badru, used with permission.
In Uganda, the Internet has become a terrorist when the government tries to silence the growing voice of dissent online.
For years, Ugandan authorities have used different tactics to suppress the opposition and take the ruling National Resistance Movement and President Yoweri Museveni to power.
This includes blocking media websites, filtering SMS messages and shutting down social media platforms.
As Uganda's 2021. Elections loom nearer, administrative leaders are expected to develop similar initiatives.
Barricades during election 2016
During the 2016 general elections, Ugandan leaders were forced to double access to all social media platforms.
The first closure was conducted on February 18, 2016, during the eve of the presidential elections, and affected social media platforms and mobile money transfer services.
The detentions extended for a total of four days.
On May 11, 2016, social media platforms, including Facebook, WhatsApp and Twitter, as well as mobile money transfer services were once again blocked.
The detention period lasted for one day and took place one day before President Museveni was sworn in for his fifth term as president.
Museveni has been in power since 1986.
The opposition against its leadership continues: According to a poll released in April 2019, the majority of Ugandans are protesting the 2017 decision to abolish the 75-year-old provision of the presidential election, which would allow the 74-year-old president to vote again in 2021.
During all the 2016 shutdowns, the Ugandan government named the reason for national security to censor the Internet.
The harassment was ordered by the Ugandan security agencies and the Uganda Communications Commission (UCC), which oversees the sector of communication, online publication, broadcasting (all radio and television), the film industry, postal service, delivery of letters and floods.
On February 18, 2016, MTN Uganda, a mobile phone and internet service provider, on Twitter confirming that the UCC, had ordered the MTN to block all social media and SMS money transfer services because of the threats to public security.
The order also affected other telecom company such as Airtel, Smile, Vodafone, and Africel.
On the same day, President Museveni told reporters that he ordered the blocking of social media: The measure should be taken for security to prevent many people from entering the dark country, he said, very briefly because others use it to speak lies.
On March 17, in an official statement during the Supreme Court ruling in which Museveni's victory was contested, UCC managing director Godfrey Mutabazi explained that he received orders from Inspector General of Police, Kale Kayihura, to block social media and telephone money transfer services for security purposes.
The detention threatened to the right and daily lives of Ugandans who use the internet and social media platforms to access information, express opinions and practice their daily business.
weeks ahead of the 2016 elections, Ugandans were dedicated to publishing and debating the elections under the hashtags #UgandaDecides and # UGDebate16.
The Ugandan level of online civic participation was inspired by the first ever television presidential debate, the first which took place in January and the second, a week later.
Despite the blocking of social media, many Ugandans continue to post election information using a private networking account called VPN.
On election day, citizens were able to get involved in discussions about the delay in remote polling equipment, electoral fraud, and the impact of voting on social media.
Human rights activists say that strategic closures during the elections reduce the speeds of communication, whilst access to information and citizens' interest is unnecessary.
The blocking prevents people from talking about certain things that affect them, such as health, reconciliation with friends and political exchanges, Moses Owiny, the senior official of the Center for Multilateral Affairs, an independent policy analysis platform operating in Uganda and Tanzania, told Global Voices in an interview.
According to Owiny, the imprisonment is meant to impede a political opposition based on the government's fear that public opinion can annoy the public, a claim he believes has no legitimate basis but hypocritical.
Uganda's history of blocking online forums and websites
On April 14, 2011, the UCC ordered ISPs to suspend Facebook and Twitter access for 24 hours to eliminate connectivity and exchange of information.
The order was made during the long walk to work protests led by the opposition following an increase in fuel and food prices.
The telecommunications authority said that security forces had asked to block access to social media to prevent violence.
In 2011, the elections were met with text messages that include Egypt, the bullet, and people power.
Ahead of the 2006 General Election, the UCC ordered Internet Service Providers to block access to the Radio Katwe website by publishing malicious information and lies against the ruling National Resistance Movement and its presidential candidate, according to the 2015 Collaboration on International ICT Policy for East and Southern Africa (CIPESA) publication.
Ugandan authorities blocked access to the local radio station's broadcast and the Daily Monitor website by publishing independent election results.
The forums were quickly repatriated but only after the electoral commission announced the official results.
2021. Elections: That strategy?
President Museveni in May 2013.
He has been in power since 1986.
Image: Foreign and Commonwealth Office on Flickr [CC BY 2.0]. Since 2016, the regime has increasingly arrested opposition politicians and journalists.
Robert Kyagulanyi, popularly known as Bobi Wine, a singer and leader of the opposition People Power, who is also a member of parliament, has already announced his bid for the presidency.
Bobi Wine is currently facing criminal charges for defamation against the president and, if found guilty, he is not allowed to appeal.
According to Human Rights Watch, in 2018, the administration targeted six opposition members, including Bobi Wine and Francis Zaake, ahead of August 15 small elections in Arua (in northern Uganda).
Police and military arrested the group along with 28 other individuals on August 13, 2018, and sued them on treason.
They were then released on bail.
On the same day, police also arrested two journalists, Herber Zziwa and Ronald Muwanga, as they on the election and the violence associated with the election, including the brutal army shooting of Bobi Wine.
Read more: #FreeBobiWine: Protests mount over torture and arrest of a young political force in Uganda
With the coming elections in 2021, it is more likely that the Ugandan government will continue a repressive crackdown on the opposition, including a blocking of social media.
In fact, since the 2016 elections, no change has taken place in the legal system which allows governments to restrict the right to freedom of expression and access to information online.
According to the 2016 State of Internet Freedom in Africa report, the 2013 Communication Law gives the UCC more power and works under Section 5 which allows telecommunications regulators to monitor, select, grant licenses, monitor, and regulate communication services and determine, monitor, and implement logistics regarding data.
On a government request, the UCC used the site to order ISPs to block access to social media and mobile money during the 2016 elections.
The government continues to use these laws to regulate public debate and silence political dissent, especially during the elections.
Owiny argues that the government is able to shut down the Internet whenever it appears that it matters: when the government's and citizens' safety are in conflict, and when the security of the state is threatened, the security of the state and its support will receive priority.
NGOs and human rights defenders have been preparing themselves in Uganda so that a similar prison in 2016 will not survive.
Several organisations wrote a joint letter to the African Community and regional organizations asking to condemn the decision by the Ugandan government to block access during the 2016 elections.
Unwanted Witness Uganda brought the Ugandan government to court, including Internet Service Providers (ISPs) and Communication Controller (UCC), in a case presented in September 2016.
The NGO indicated that the government’s internet shutdowns violated the rights of Ugandans to free expression and expression as prescribed by Article 29 (1) of the 1995 Constitution.
The judge, however, decided that the court failed to prove any violation as a result, Unwanted Witness told Global Voices.
Making a cut off internet access during next elections will require more protection.
Owiny suggested the need for digital rights activists to broaden the dialogue between the government and the private sector to submit the negative impact of the blackout as the private sector is being feared by the government.
Uganda was one of the first countries in Africa to introduce a law on the right to public information, known as Access to Information Act (ATIA), in 2005.
The law promises to provide an efficiency, ease, transparency and accountability that enables the public to have an easy access and participation in decisions that affect them as citizens.
Will the Government fulfill its role in promoting the right to information?
Will he fulfill his promises?
This post is part of a series of publications that investigates digital rights violations through tactics such as internet shutdowns and misinformation during significant political events in seven African countries: Algeria, eEthiopia, Mozambique, Nigeria, Tunisia, Uganda, and Zimbabwe.
The project is financed by the Africa Digital Rights Foundation of The Collaboration on International ICT Policy for East and Southern Africa (CIPESA).
Students from the DCMA School performing on various musical channels in Old Customs Building, Stone Town, Zanzibar, 2019.
Photo by DCMA.
Thousands of foreign visitors who visit the Stone Town, Zanzibar, the oldest city known for the island's greatest history, are watching a musical noise from DCMA, a music school that seeks to promote and promote roots in the island and other coastal areas of the Indian Sea.
Since 2002, the school has been promoting and preserving the unique culture of Zanzibar that combines Arabic, Indian and African cultures through music.
17 years since the establishment of that school, it is now clearly facing the financial crisis threatening its closure.
Nearly 70 percent of 80 students studying in schools are unable to pay tuition, roughly US $13 per month, according to the DCMA official public report.
Although the school has been receiving grants from international donors and friendship organizations, it is currently facing a wave of bars that can force it to pack up belongings and leave the historical Palace in Zanzibar, known as the Old Customs House.
Without any immediate funds to support the continuation of the work, the students and the DCMA teachers are concerned that out-of-conventional voices that scream the building's grills and make the islands recover from entertaining art may go down.
The school is not only teaching and promoting a culture and heritage through music, but it is also born by a large group of young musicians who are looking for alternatives to run their lives through art.
A DCMA student learnt to dance an instrument of traditional Arabic music.
Photo by DCMA.
We've started facing financial mismanagement, says Alessia Lombardo, DCMA Managing Director, in the official DCMA video.
From now to the next six months, we are not sure that we can be able to pay the salaries of the teachers and other workers.
At the same time, 19 professional teachers and a few others have not been paid their salary for the past six months as the school has struggled to receive support from friends while trying to develop a sustainable system of receiving income for the school’s maintenance.
Although the island is known to attract many tourists as a result of its large shores and luxurious hotels, many locals suffer from deep unemployment although statistics released by the World Bank indicate a slight decline in poverty on the island.
For more than 17 years, DCMA has worked tirelessly to promote and preserve the vast heritage of Zanzibar through music.
Is it the birth place of the taarab music stars and popular singers Siti Binti Saad and Fatuma Binti Baraka, or Ms. Binka.
Kidude, Zanzibar is the home of a musical genre that has arisen through the cultural mixture and collaboration of the Pwani Swahili people over the past hundreds of years.
Today, students can learn traditional music such as taarab, dance and udumbak, as well as other instruments such as dance,erek and rod, as guards and traders.
Neema Surri, a violinist at a DCMA school, has been learning how to play the instrument since the age of 9.
I know of many young people who wish to learn music but cannot afford a low fee due to poverty and unemployment, Surri said in a DCMA video.
DCMA students performing in the Old Customs Hall, at their school, in Stone Town, Zanzibar, 2019.
Photo by DCMA.
After completing the DCMA workshops, the Astashahada and Stashahada courses, many of DCMA students may work on international platforms as well-known bands and independent artists.
Zinza Amina Omar Juma, a former DCMA student and a current DCMA teacher, recently returned from a trip to South Africa with her band who is acclaimed Siti and Bendi Yake, known for combining roots between roots and modern rhythm.
She also, in collaboration with fellow compatriots, former DCMA students, released her debut, Fusing the Roots, in 2018, continuing to perform on Voices of Wise, the biggest music concert in East Africa, that year.
Here is one of Bendi's songs Nielewe and her video, showing the impact of Zanzibar in telling the story of a woman suffering from domestic violence and the dream of a music life, such as Omar Juma's personal life story:
Read more: Women in East Africa Multimedia Sings Against Men's Manipulation
A history of cultural interaction and collaboration
More than 15,000 foreign visitors have gone through the school building to enjoy commercial exhibitions, workshops and classrooms as well as meetings with DCMA musicians who talk about the future of culture and heritage of Zanzibar, according to DCMA.
Filled with a distinct range of Indian, Arabic and African background, the school celebrates being the culmination of a multinational culture, with a culture combined between the Indian Sea and the Gulf region.
The Sultan of Omani, a famous king between 17 and 19 centuries, transitioned his reign from Muscat to Zanzibar in 1840.
From the Stone Town, the leaders of Omani conducted a marine trade, including brothels, gold, clothes, depending on a wind-led massive journey between the Indian Sea Banner and Oman and East Africa.
Young people in Zanzibar recognize the need to understand their history to realize whether their future with music that they are making today expresses the desire to make a bridge between the old and modern.
Recently the students of DCMA and their teachers established TaraJazz, a cross between the indigenous and modern arms.
His musician, Felician Mussa, 20, has been studying a violin music instrument for the past three and a half years; TaraJazz is one of the most sought out band on the island, here by photographer Aline Coquelle:
The Swahili Bay tells a story of cultural interaction and DCMA continues its culture through musical collaborations.
Each year, the school organizes a project called Swahili Encounters, the [Swahili Summit] that brings together renowned musicians from Africa, the Middle East, Europe and North America, and the DCMA students to create a reality in a single week.
At the end of the meeting, new team of converged artists will perform on Soundtrack, and usually these teams live with enduring friendships across language and cultural boundaries, justifying that music is the language of the world.
DCMA organizes a weekly trade show to show the gifts of its students and friends visiting the musicians, Stone Town, Zanzibar, 2019.
Photo by DCMA.
The DCMA school recognizes that music creates and unites people regardless of their cultures, and also employs talented young people living in an economy-less and unemployment community.
With over 1,800 students presented in the DCMA school, it is the only home to their music that they know, where they can learn and grow up as skilled musicians and artists.
One tourist from Hungary, who recently visited the DCMA school, wrote on TripAdvisor: Personally, meeting some musicians was the best time I was on the island.
As Zanzibar's tourism industry is growing rapidly, the DCMA school believes that music has a vital role in celebrating, preserving and promoting the Swahili culture, their legacy and history.
Zanzibar is more than one of its beaches and luxurious hotels and is a place rich in talents that flourish in its storyline collection and history combinations.
Editor's note: The author of this article once volunteered at DCMA school.
Sierra Leone: Health care providers preparing themselves to enter the area for Ebola patients.
Flickr image by EC/ECHO/Cyprien Fabre, August 2, 2014.
(CC BY-NC-ND 2.0)
On August 12, the World Health Organization (WHO) released a positive report on the progress in the medical process of testing of several Ebola treatments in the Democratic Republic of Congo (Republic of Congo).
WHO noted that tested Ebola drugs have shown a positive impact on the hopes of survival for Ebola patients, continuing to mention that two out of the four tested drugs have shown an Ebola response.
Who is responsible for this Ebola cure?
Honourable Professor Jean-Jacques Muyembe-Tamfum, Director General of the Institut National de Recherche Biomédicale (INRB) DR of Congo, has invested a large portion of his life in the search of an Ebola virus.
While the international media is reporting a lot about the Ebola outbreak that causes the most deaths in Congo, the news of his affair is little covered by the news media.
Muyembe-Tamfum explained : that we will no longer say that the Ebola (EVD) is out of sight.
Due to Muyembe-Tamfum's outspoken work, scientists tested four Ebola treatments: ZMapp, remdesivir, mAb114 and REGN-EB3.
The response to medical tests conducted by 499 respondents in the study showed that patients receiving REGN-EB3 or mAb114 were more likely to recover than those receiving other two drugs.
This study was conducted under the control of the institut institut National de Recherche Biomédicale (INRB), the Ministry of Health of Congo and three other organisations involved in the delivery of health services: the International Health Association (ALIMA), the International Medical Corps (IMC) and Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF).
A Congolese responsible for Ebola treatment
Muyembe-Tamfum has been conducting Ebola-related research since the first Ebola case was in Congo in which in 1976 she was the first researcher to visit the first Ebola case.I spent four decades in my life searching for Ebola.There is an achievement in my life-Dr. Jean-Jacques Muyembe, the Director General of the Institut National de Recherche Biomedical of the Democratic Republic of Congo and colleagues discovered a new Ebola case that can treat the disease in three hours.I spent four decades in my life searching for Ebola.This is an achievement in my life-based treatment-Dr. Jean-Jacques Muyembe, the Director General of the Institut National de Recherche Biomedical of the Democratic Republic of Congo and his colleagues have discovered a new Ebola case.
Dr Jean-Jacques Muyembe, Director-General for theInstitut National de Recherche Biomedical of the Democratic Republic of #Congo and colleagues have discovered a new Ebola treatment that can treat the symptoms within 3 hours.
A professor of biology at the Tiba University of Kinshasa - the Democratic Republic of Congo, has so far spent 40 years looking for a cure.
In 1995, he worked with WHO for the implementation of he worked with WHO in implementing diagnosis of disease prevention methods after the first cases of Ebola in the capital city of Kikwit, Democratic Republic of Congo.
Professor Muyembe-Tamfum (seated in a megaphone) speaking during a mass education exercise in Beni, North Kivu, Democratic Republic of Congo, last September 2018.
Photo by MONUSCO/Aqueel Khan (CC BY-SA 2.0)
Following this discovery, the Ebola victims are now hopeful to receive immediate treatment and be hospitalized for more treatment.
With 90 percent of patients being sent to health centres to receive medical treatment and return as adults, they start believing in this medicine and building trust for their communities and citizens in general.
Jean-Jacque Muyembe-Tamfum
Causes of the Ebola crisis being overwhelmed
The first Ebola cases were in 1976 near the Ebola River in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
According to the Center for Prevention and Prevention of Diseases (CDC), since then, the Ebola virus has been recurring from a natural source (which is still unaccounted for) and causes people in Africa to get infected.
The Ebola epidemic outbreak since 1976.
Map from the Countering and Delivering Center for Magojwal
Between 2014 and 2016 more than 28,600 people were to have been infected with Ebola in West Africa.
According to the WHO 2015 report:
In 2014 Senegal had one Ebola outbreak and no deaths.
WHO announced that Nigeria's response to the Ebola virus was part of its work in response to the rapidly spreading deadly disease.
In January 2015, Mali was to have 8 Ebola cases and 6 deaths.
However, the situation was exacerbated between March and June2016 in three countries: in Sierra Leone: over 14,000 people affected by Ebola and 4,000 deaths; Liberia: close to 10,000 affected by Ebola and 3,000 deaths.Guinea: 3,800 infected and 2,500 deaths.
A general description of the international Ebola crisis
The devastating Ebola outbreak in Africa sparked panic and fear in 2015 when two Ebola cases were to have died in the United States, one in Spain and one in Germany.
GabyFleur Böl, a researcher at the Berlin Disaster Assessment Institute, Germany, other reports of Ebola cases in Spain, Germany, the United Kingdom, Italy and Switzerland.
At the same time, the Ebola outbreak was considered the death sentence for lack of proper medical care.
As Pek has previously said, the high rates of deaths from Ebola and/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/or/
Along with a 2017 study which Hal Roberts, Brittany Seymour, Sands Alden Fish II, Emily Robinson and Ethan Zuckerman analyzed More than 109,000 posts published on major media and blogs in the US between July and November 2014, at the centre of Ebola-related analysis.
They discovered three major Ebola news episodes in mainstream media and blogs in the United States on July 27, September 28, and October 15 on October 2014:
It was first on July 27 that doctors from the United States who work in Liberia were infected by Ebola.
On September 30, the press coverage of Thomas Duncan’s epidemic in Texas was the first time the disease was in the US.
On October 12, reports of a healthcare provider for the Ebola case went viral in the US.
After the 12th of October, several other outbreaks of the Ebola epidemic were on a daily basis, resulting in the decline of the disease.
The US media may have a lot about the Ebola crisis in the country.
In addition, due to the ease of social media sharing, the Ebola outbreak has been widely debated in European and US media.
However, what is expected is to see whether information on an Ebola medicine discovered by Africans from the Democratic Republic of Congo that treats the African disease will be given to the media as of 2017.
Erick Kabendera training for journalists in 2012, Dare s Salam.
Photo by Pernille Baerendtsen, used with permission
On July 29, 6 national police forcefully arrested Erick Kabendera's home in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania, and arrested him.
Police say Kabendera has overtook the order of self-education with a consideration of her citizenship as a Tanzanian.
The police burst into a cabinera house twice over the past week, confiscating his passport, other personal documents and interrogating his family.
By the 5th of August, authorities changed their case, Kabandera was charged with money laundering, avoiding a $75,000 US dollars tax, and engaging in a cyber-linked cyber-based cyber-based cyber-based cyber-based cyber-based cyber-based cyber-based cyber-based cyber-based cyber-based cyber-based cyber-based cyber-based cyber-based cyber-based cyber-based cyber-based cyber-based cyber-based cyber-based cyber-based cyber-based cyber-based cyber-based cyber-based cyber-based cyber-based cyber-based cyber-based cyber-based cyber-based
Police say Kabendera has committed a crime for a four-year period since 2015.
In the trial facing Kabendera he can face a up to 15 years in prison and cannot obtain a bail.
Magufuli of Tanzania
In the first place they kidnapped a journalist, when they saw the uproar they claimed he is not a Tanzanian, now he is being charged with cyberbullying and paying taxes.
In conjunction with Erick Kabendera, his crime is to be a journalist.
Media freedom has been severely deteriorated during this time of Tanzaniaya Magufuli is by CPJ.
A representative of the Institute to Protect Journalists (CPJ) in Sub-Saharan Africa, Muthoka Mumo says:
It appears that throughout the past week authorities have been seeking to prove the reason for his detention, the independent journalist and critic.
They first claimed that Erick Kabendera’s citizenship was not wiped out, today they have added a very different charge, which makes us wonder the cause of their intention to hold him.
As a journalist Kabendera has been criticizing the administration of President John Magufuli and has often been standing for press freedom.
He has to local and international media outlets such as The Guardian, African Arguments and The East African about Tanzanian politics and how it organizes the people.
JJebra Kambole, who is Cabendera’s advocate says, nightmares also accused Kabendera of sedition against the government through an article published in The Economist, entitled as John Magufuli’s suppression of press freedom in Tanzania. But the charges were subsequently removed.
News that came to me soon: journalist Erick Kabendera charged with sedition statements against the government after an article published in The Economist, which John Magufuli is repressing press freedom in Tanzania explanation from Zebra Kambole says that Mr Kabendera has been denied bail.
Citizenship as a tool of silence
The kabendera family says, this is not the first time the government asks about kabendera citizenship.
In 2013 the government also filed a similar charge but the case was cancelled later, according to The Citizen.
Kabendera then observed that authorities wanted to use the issue of examining his citizenship as a way of silencing him.
Also last year, The Citizen a number of cases in which the government used to investigate a tool to silence criticism in Tanzania.
Aidan Eyakuze, executive director of Twaweza, a civil society organization, who took sides in the public voices, said authorities have confiscated his passport and was forced to travel while his nationality investigation was underway.
Two weeks away from the incident, were we able to report the results of a survey called Talking the Truth to the Power?
Public opinion in Tanzanian politics
The Science and Technology Commission (Costech) claimed that the study was not authorized and threatened to take legal action but the case was later dismissed, according to the same article in The Citizen.
In recent years Tanzania has introduced a wide range of legislative amendments that target bloggers and media, civil society organisations, art and culture organizations as well as academics and researchers, taken by critical government observers in an attempt to censor dissent from Tanzania and curtail freedom of expression and political rights.
Read more: Will Tanzanian Bloggers Be willing to Pay or Remove Bloggers' Tax?
#FreeErickKabendera
Hundreds of journalists, human rights activists, agitated leaders and citizens have been crowded on social media calling for Kabendera’s release:
AFEX Africa calls the charges a clear intention of violence
It's now nine days and Tanzanian police are still detaining journalist Erick Kabendera under investigation @AFEXafrica saying there is a need for an end to this act of open violence.
https://t.co/7UFZkzYzwV @MRA_Nigeria @FXISouthAfrica @gmpressunion #FreeErickKabendera #NoImpunity
AFEX (@AFEXafrica) August 6, 2019
Kabendera, who has frequently trained and inspired young journalists, made her former student tweet:
I met Erick Kabendera only once in my life, and for less than 80 minutes.
He registered as a student who was invited to come and teach us (the School of Journalism and Communication in Public - @UniofDar).
But in spite of being with us for a while, I learned a lot from him.
He was really very inspired.
#100K4Erick
Another netizen thinks Kabendera's arrest and conviction is a warning sign for other citizens:
IS A MINISTRY AND A Journalist AND A Journalist AND A Journalist AND A Journalist AND A Journalist AND A Journalist AND A Journalist AND A Journalist AND A Journalist AND A Journalist AND A Journalist AND A Journalist AND A Journalist AND A Journalist AND A Journalist AND A Journalist AND A Journalist AND A Journalist AND A Journalist AND A Journalist AND A Journalist AND A Journalist AND A Journalist AND A Journalist AND A Journalist AND A Journalist AND A Journalist AND A Journalist AND A Journalist AND A Journalist AND A Journalist AND A Journalist AND A Journalist AND A Journalist AND A Journalist AND A Journalist AND A Journalist AND A Journalist AND A Journalist AND A Journalist AND A Journalist AND A Journalist AND A Journalist AND A Journalist AND A Journalist AND A Journalist AND A Journalist AND A Journalist
Might be unfair to him today and I am quiet, Might be unfair to me today too.
No Safe Colombian Impunity When You Rule
I and we are Ivan Golunov.
Flag taken by Meduza, used with permission
: This Russian-language description means the level of burning that is enough a good way is to highlight how the number of Russians arrested and arrested Ivan Golunov a well-known investigator is growing.
He was arrested on 6 June in Moscow on charges of drug trafficking.
Golunov was arrested and refused to consult a lawyer against a Russian law.
His lawyer confirmed he had severe pain in prison.
After he was sent to the hospital, he was released to his plant on June 8.
In the first place the Russian military displayed pictures of antimalarial laborers that allegedly were beaten at Golunov's roof house but the images were taken down later.
Also pro-Kremlin news agency in Russia today confirmed that the images were not taken on Golunov's golfs.
Suspicious golunov's charge could lead to 10 to 20 years in jail.
36-year-old Golunov works in Meduza, one of the few independent social networks in the Russian language that remains.
Meduza was registered in the neighboring country of Latvia, but has a few offices with journalists in Russia.
Golunov has led an investigation of several corruption cases involving high-ranking leaders.
Since Golunov's arrest, Meduza has been producing Golunov's articles under a creative commons license and has encouraged local media and individuals to republish the stories, which have been strongly supported by Global Voices.
One of the important stories she published was about vice mayor Pyotr Biryukov's passing projects for his family and how the project was to make moscow a beautiful city with over-predictable budget.
The story he was handling before his arrest was about the monopoly on funeral services in Moscow.
Golunov's arrest sparked rhetoric of solidarity that was rare among journalists, activists and lawyers and well-known singers outside Mscow and St. Petersburg.
On June 10, three main newspapers agreed to publish versions supporting Golunov on front pages.
Newspapers were sold and set a new record.
Unusually, pro-Kremlin and Channel One media, which has a lot of viewers, are calling for an honest investigation.
On June 12th will be Russia's day, when a march and public demonstration have been allowed by local authorities.
Under Russian law, public demonstrations require a permit.
The people who support Golunov have announced that they will have their own march without any formal permission.
Kremlin observers say the Russian government is looking forward to lifting charges against the journalist before June 20.
On a day when President Vladimir Putin has been leveled down in the country's history, he will be speaking directly by the phone during a year's public discourse where he receives questions from the citizens from the phone and social networks.
Kenyan writer Binyavanga Wainainaina at the Brooklyn Books Festival, 2009.
48 year-old Waina died on Tuesday 22 May in Nairobi, Kenya.
Photo by Nightscream, CC 3.0 by Wikimedia Commons.
It's only 24 hours since Binyavanga Inaina Mkenyan writer disappeared on this planet, but his presence and effect is dying worldwide.
Honestly, an open-minded gay journalist blamed the controversy and challenged the government's provocative revolutionary journalism that would open the door to thousands of journalists wishing to change in writing and explaining how Africa is.
Writer, teacher and LGBTQ activist, 48 year-old Binyavanga Wainainaina passed away on Tuesday May 22, Nairobi, Kenya, after a brief illness.
Today I wondered: what will your life be for when you leave?
Binyavanga’s death made me think about what I was five years or so ago and what he was for us as a young man with the enthusiasm and hunger for change over our continent and for us as well.
Fungai Machirori (@fungaijustbeing) May 22, 2019
For a few minutes, friends, supporters and supporters of Wainanina were flooded on social media sharing their memories and thanks and discussing her favorite posts.
Wainaina is notorious for her provocative posts, How to write about Africa, published in a 2006 newspaper.
He is also known for his 2012 history book, One day I will write about this place, and Mama, I am a queer, published in Chimurenga, and Africa is a Country published in 2014.
The post was all the more upset on Twitter since people tried to show the truth and newspapers called Wainaina one of the 100 high profile influencers of the world
In How to describe Africa, Wainaina called Western media and industrial aid based in Nairobi that they are perpetuating inappropriate stereotypes on the African continent with great irony.
Never attempt to put a picture of a good African on its portfolio or in it except that one African has won a Nobel Peace Prize.
AK-47, good mouths, clear thirst: Use this.
If you have to include Africa, make sure you get it from Masai or Zulu or the Dogon dress.
His mango was a little violent, writes Nigerian writer Nwachukwu Egbunike.
An article or a book widely cited by academics, NGOs and aid workers had an immense effect of awareness on Africa and its results were increasingly circulating, upset and upset.
On the result, writer Pernille Bærendtsen writes:
For me, this post has followed me since I was presented in 2008 by my friend Mkenya.
Indeed I was one of the people impressed by Binyavanga: A development welfare worker employed in Tanzania at a state-less Danish organization wrote about the outcome of the article.
That was when development and industry aid increased its productivity so that it would be affordable for upcoming price shifts.
I had many reasons to feel shy, but I also had time to plan for change.
Later Binyavanga explained in Bidoun magazine how this article has only occurred in life and two effects: By exposing and expressing a danger on illustrators, NGO workers, musicians, advocates, students and travel journalists who read these instructions on how or not to write about Africa, begin to ask for his approval.
Wainaina was the son of a Kenyan father and a Ugandan mother, who went on to question the deceit that was exposed to Africa in a documentary for her life in 2012 titled One Day I'll write about the place here.
Based on the above, it attracted readers from his childhood in the 1970s in Kenya as a student in South Africa where he spent many years in exile.
Critics praised it as real and true, but Wainaina later admitted that she had forgotten the important aspects of her life's love.
Mama, I am gay, Wainainaina was the first Kenyan to be more transparent and transparent by speech on social media, raising strong opinion from the community.
It seems to be an image lost in the memory of his life.
Waina said she was gay and her mother was about to die.
His post came shortly as a campaign against the global summit for the fight against homosexuality and the anti-gay law was proposed in Uganda and later in Tanzania where homosexuality is illegal.
Read more: Tanzania's position on homosexuality shutting down a political agenda
However, unlike other exiled journalists, Wainaina came back home as Nanjala Nyabola explains to the BBC on Twitter, saying that it was important:
For those of us who grew up and famous Kenyan exiled journalists, jailed, poor or unprecedented or badly rejected, he came back home and that was very important.
He was somebody that does not understand but for that he deserves forever thanks.
We have to speak our minds
While Binyavanga realistically received favour from many different international groups, at home she criticized and faced pressure of discontent on the grounding.
Binyavanga sought for free speech and expression.
Courageously in LGBTQ community she stressed over the overthrow of these principles
In response to the noise and other reactions, this year Wainaina wrote We should say our thoughts, at Yuotube with a post based in six sections covering his minds of freedom and reason.
I want to live a free expression life, he explains in the first part.
I urge this generation of young parents to have young Africans writing about themselves that simple sex is an important political act everyone shares.
I have a mind to see a continent where all kinds of individuals' imaginations are unnecessary until their imaginations are allowed.
I am an African of all Africans, and I want to see this continent transforming.
Wainaina repeatedly exaggerated her passion for madness through writing, education and leadership.
In 2002, after winning the best Caine awards for her homepage, she used the funds of the award to collaborate with the foundation Kwani?
A newspaper aimed at developing new voices and ideas rising across the continent.
Why?
This post was part of our special coverage Lagos to Nairobi, Mogadishu to Accra.
Read more:We Work to Prevent Explosions': The Word spoken in East Africa
While he tirelessly reacted to the Kenyan social contracts he made publicly homosexual and later revealed that he had HIV on Twitter on World AIDS Day 2016 often brought pain, competition, and it often came with backlash, struggle and pain.
Wainaina was a controversial man who fought hard and often fought hard because the gay celebrity appeared to be his controversial role in society as a people.
She had fans but faced criticism from famous journalist Shailja Patel, who accused Waina of being a toxic homophobic man.
Twitter user Néo Muzangi recounts the weaknesses of the Chinese behavior in his tweet:
I have not enough power but I consider Binya my dear friend in my adventure and my advocacy.
I'm sorry that he hurted others.
I am sorry he mistaken me as a human being.
He would hate us to clean up.
Writer Bwesigye Mwsigire, director for Writivism Festival in Uganda, also expressed confusion on Facebook:
Her standard of living was a problem.
Good and free the mistakes.
People we hold for because of their work and their ideas are just people.
He is human.
Are we ever ready to love them in their complexity?
Much has been said about him right now.
no need to repeat the said things.
People are remembering her suffering.
This removes the suffering the individual feels of his death.
There is only one Dinosaur.
It is a crap for now.
Let's celebrate his life.
Curious talent
Kenyan activist Boniface Mwangi tweeted after tweeting a condescending message for Waina on Facebook; hate and homosexual comments followed her message.
Waina was a curious man that should be remembered:
I posted a note on Facebook about Binyavanga's death, #RIPBinyavanga had some bad comments and so shameful I've never read.
Even the thieves who approach our tax and kill people do not get such a hatred.
Actually, Binya had the intelligence and curiosity and will still be read and remembered
Ugandan mother rights advocate and writer Rosebell Kagumire highlighted what he learned from the Chinese obsession to speak out:
Don't let you fear.
Don't curse yourself.
Wake up what needs to be said.
Screenshot.
Keep your truth and your heart.
When you take your last breath there will be millions of words very meaningful that you have sent to Binyavanga
Through his life and letters, he gave himself and countless others the permission to imagine life as it could be otherwise, and his sudden passing inspired poetic musings:
One day I will write about your beautiful hair
One day I will write about your laughter
One day I will write about your imbecile
One day I will write about your imagination
One day I will write about your refusal
Today I write thanks
Kenyan Yvonne Adhiambo Owuor, journalist and Dust writer, and in fact a friend of theina, concludes with last grief:
Who told you to leave?
from your body at night without leaving a new account?
The tear is dying, the eyes are burning, she said, You have only 3 seconds to repair the grief you are there.
Who told you to leave?
From your body without leaving a new account?
Who can go out of fear and tremble with an attempted note?
Now she's one of the high-profile individuals, and you can join the Binya planet with a huge memory for her work.
The front page of de Angola newspaper about the overcome of Telstar.
Taken by Dércio Tsandzana, April 19, 2019, with permission
Angolan President João Lourenço followed on April 18 the government provision of a mobile phone operator in the country, noting that the winner of the Telstar did not meet the criteria required for the service.
The presidential poll may show division in the Angolan government.
Telstar was founded in January 2018 with the first 200,000 capital (approximately US$ 600), with its main stakeholders Manuel João Carneiro (90 per cent) and businessman António Cardoso Mateus (10 per cent), according to the Portuguese Observador.
According to Angolan reports, Manuel João Carneiro's victory was given by the incumbent president Eduardo dos Santos.
The Observador newspaper that 27 companies participated in the application process was opened by the Ministry of Communications and Information Technology under José Carvalho da Rocha.
According to the Angolan newspaper on April 25, João Lourenço signed a petition that introduced new regulations for the opening of a petition.
After the results of the first petition were made public, many Angolans questioned the integrity of the process.
Others went as far as saying that the winner of Telstar had no website.
This was said by Skit Van Darken, editor and director of the show on Facebook:
Telstar Telecommunications, Ltd, was established on 26 January 2018, with the first 200,000 citizens of the Diário da República, the general Manuel João Carneiro (90 per cent) and António Cardoso Mateus (10 per cent).
The main stakeholders are affiliated to Mundo Startel, a non-profit company registered at INACOM, a telecommunications regulator with a license although it has expired.
A company that does not even have a website!
IMMENSLY HAVE NEVER CALLED BY OTHER COUNTRY
THIS IS A COUNTRY
For now, Joaquim Lunda, a journalist and social media reporter, praised the president's actions and I even thought that the secretary was running the risk of being expelled:
Tafsiri thank you and it's a commendation, decision taken by the President of the Republic, João Lourenço, to cancel the government concession to which the Angolan company Telstar won the licence for the fourth telecommunications operator in Angola.
There were many reservations and a lot of points to clarify around the issue.
One does not see any trace in the company that was founded in 2018 with the first 200 thousand capitalists, to receive a jury award.
I am pretty sure the days of the Minister of Information and ICT are counted.
After losing 1 ANGOSAT, now and today, I'm afraid if it does anything.
Enjoy the game in silence!!
The presidential decision came after the same minister that he led in 2017, the satellite project Angosat 1, is getting in trouble again.
Adriano Sapiñala, vice president of the main opposition party he sees the problem showing uncertainty in government:
JLo [João Lourenço] should plan for his team because yesterday the minister of bail was saying that the time of complaints had ended and Telstar would continue with the next step as it was the winner of the bailout and today JLo appears to turn the bailout!
Is communication not good?
Now maybe the minister should take a stand of (signation) or JLo needs to push him out because if he got the thumbnail it is because his process was not smooth and so it would not affect anyone else the people must be responsible!!
Blanka Nagy speaking at a January 2019.
Photo by Márk Tremmel, CC BY-NC-SA 2.5.
This story was written by Tamás B. Kovács and translated by Anita Kőműves for the non-commercial Hungary journal, Atlatszo.
This edited copy is available here as part of our partnership with Global Voices.
Hungary's pro-government media outlets have launched new attacks against Blanka Nagy, a high school student who has spoke badly against the government in several protests since the end of 2018.
Nagy is facing a lot of criticism against him and has also been sexually harassed and one news source has called him kahaba.
He has already filed a defamation case and won the case against the three pro-government locks Lokàl, Ripost and Origo, which allegedly showed falsehoods at school.
However, after Nady won a case against Origo, the source attacked him again by publishing his school report.
Nady told Atlatszo that he was considering suing Origo again because of their current news.
Blanka Nagy has become popular in Hungary in the recent winter when she gave a speech at a anti-government protest, in which she criticized popular politicians, while expressing her expression.
His harsh words were shared widely by social media users through the video of his speech.
Two months after his video attracted attention on social media, pro-government and scholarly bodies like Zsolt Bayer started a series of attacks on him.
Some media outlets said that he was denying his studies many times and that he had missed school days too.
They also called him a talentless citizen who wants to become famous and talented.
Her advocate checked a copy of her results in court and indicated that she was not going to study and that the copy of the results was given to Origo's lawyers.
The news source decided to publish a report from the Nagy's result report saying that he was about to complete his history subject last term and he is also enrolled in other studies as well.
When #TheTribeIsSouthSudanHungary lies about young protesters Blanka Nagy, sued them for defaming and winning.
They have been asked to apologise and edit their report but have refused and continue to insult him.
TV2 cut all the news reports to denounce the results, citing copies brought to court but did not say what the verdict was https://t.co/MyllWb2Jwh
Joost (@almodozo) April 5, 2019
My advocate and I think to sue a news source that published a copy of my results from school, Nagy said to Atlatszo in an interview.
She said Origo had no right to publish the results.
She and her advocates thought Origo was not even entitled to see any results from the present.
And their recent accusations are not true, Nady said.
I do not give up my lesson of History, unlike what they have said.
I have a good outcome my marks are more than 2 (which is equivalent to grade C).
What they say is false.
I would wonder if it was true because in my family there was an History teacher among my grandparents, who finished speaking.
I think all of these grievances against me are something very strange but I guess it is all very strange.
It shows me somehow intimidating some of the upper echelons of the ruling Fidesz party.
The fact is that Zsolt Bayer's own act of assault on me by the pro-government media outlets spreading false information against me, which is only confirming that, he added.
Blanka Nagy a high school student: Fidesz pleases, writes, evil and is a tragedy.
This embezzlement of guerrilla, this minority government, who raise their pockets for their silver life while you are wished for the Poverty to be a former.
He said the truth.
This is just in Hungary.
Fake reporting is the only weapon of Hungary’s pro-government agencies.
Some opposition authorities have responded by chargeing the media for libeling.
According to the latest data gathered by Atlatszo, major propaganda sources have failed most cases, and were ordered by the court to correct reports 109 times in 2018.
They can't put their thoughts in our heads so they shoot us #SOSNicaragua So reads a poster by a protester during a protest for political prisoners in Managua.
August, 2018.
Photo: Jorge Mejía Peralta (CC BY 2.0)
Since the massive protest against President Daniel Ortega broke out in Nicaragua in April 2018, the government has banned the protests, arrested thousands without charge and blocked all major sources and alternative media.
The trial to conduct dialogue has collapsed, and Nicaragua’s future remains a tough question.
The protests kicked off against a shift in the policy of social security funds that would raise revenue taxes while cutting back interests.
Initially the process was carried out by authorities opening the door to a nationwide protest calling on the resignation of President Daniel Ortega, his wife and Vice President Rosario Murillo.
The death toll from the protests is scaling and has not been since last year because the constraints on access to information and memory have increased.
In December 2018, the government suspended several NGOs which were closely following police violence and human rights violations including the Nicaraguan Center for Human Rights (Cenidh) and the Institute for Democratic Development (Ipade).
Also in December, two groups from the Inter-American Human Rights Commission (IACHR) The Nicaraguan Monitoring Special Program (MESENI) and the Free Fine Students Group have been expelled from the country, leaving Nicaragua without an independent body to monitor Human Rights and initiate new violence, according to Women’s and Educational Activist María Teresa Blandón.
Read more: We are the Victims helping the Victims': Supporters of Human Rights Violations Nicaragua
The minimum number of injured people, recognized by the government in August 2018, has risen to 197.
However, Human Rights Watch has reduced the number of fatalities to 322 as of September 18 2018, most of which were shot in the head, neck and neck.
Blogger Ana Siú wrote on Medium recently about her experience in the April 2018 protest:
I saw a college friend being attacked by a gang on Instagram Mubar.
I heard he screaming and trying to avoid being hurt [] Finally, the man who attacked him on a motorcycle left him but took his phone.
He did not know he was still looking commercialistic.
Then he said, let’s go!
We must take these calls to be rejected.
The event continued for 20 minutes.
She also announced the May 30 protest, which was a historic protest called on the date Nicaragua celebrates Mother Day where 15 people were killed.
That day we changed our mindset about the protest.
Some of us at the same protest saw how they were killing young people.
It is the first time police have attacked a massive protest with live bullets.
I have never been so close to such a death.
While students clashed with themselves at the university in the capital Managua, farm workers blocked the road across the countryside.
In June, Masaya protesters declared the East city an independent dictatorship.
The government attacked protesters who set up self-defense barriers and responded to the police attacks.
More and more protesters were involved in violent clashes and as of August 2018, there were 22 deaths of police officers, according to government statistics.
In mid- 2018, the police started a operation limpieza (Renewal Operation) to break the barrier and take charge of suspected perpetrators.
Reports suggest that the security agents did this in partnership with militant groups.
Many of the students, leaders of the farmers movement, rights defenders and journalists were targeted in the dangerous campaign and many of them had been charged.
And some health workers who attended the injured people during the protests were also misleading about what they did.
The Nicaraguan Medical Association has estimated that at least 240 doctors were fired from public hospitals in order to dismiss them.
Read more: Nicaraguan protesters and journalists facing violent attacks on the streets and networks.
In September the protests were made illegal anymore, and for now any activity in the streets would require a special approval from the authorities, who would often be rejected.
On February 27, 2019, the table was raised between the government and the opposition party, Alianza Cívica por la Justicia y la Democracia (Coalition for Justice and Democracy for the Citizen), followed by the release of hundreds of people from prison.
Compared to previous talks, the meeting did not include leaders of the farmers and students movement, because some are in prison, and others are in exile.
Not a new president alone, a new beginning
As the crisis in Nicaragua sets into its second year, the concerned tomorrow of Nicaragua is embodied by the hashtag #SOSNicaragua, which goes out on a daily basis, with allegations, photographs of victims and cries on students in prisons and their families.
Read more: Nicaraguan diaspora activists carry double charge
A Nicaraguan news outlet, Niú interviewed protesters who led the February protest in neighbouring areas of Costa Rica and described the life’s difficulties in exile.
Alejandro Donaire, a student who said he fled the country after taking part in a peaceful protest, told Niú how difficult it was to feel a part of society and normal life, after spending long live in hiding, fleeing and protesting.
Madelaine Caracas, spokesperson for the student group known as Student Cooperation for Democracy, also shared with Niú her thirst for a change in Nicaragua that would be beyond Ortega's departure:
To eradicate dictatorships, gender repression, individualism and other weaknesses that have penetrated the country’s political culture.
We believe more that Ortega will leave this year and that I will return to Nicaragua this year.
And I am sure because Ortega is currently outraged in the international and economic spaces and because all those who participated in the April demonstrations have prepared themselves perfectly now.
This last round of dialogue between the government and the opposition ended on April 3, with a total agreement on two of the four topics discussed.
First the government promises to release all political prisoners and secondly respect civilian freedom.
There was no consensus made on the justice of the victims of electoral violence or the solidarity of them for the 2021.
The Civil Coalition opposition group said the government has completely failed to respect the agreement.
It is that the Police have continued to interfere with peaceful protests.
As of April 6, there are only 50 of the 600 political prisoners who have been released, and detained in their homes.
Later on April 17, as a result of the recent US sanctions, more than 600 political prisoners were released to end their prison sentences at home, however according to the Civil Coalition, the only 18 members of the group figure on the list of promising release of political prisoners.
In the minds of activist and researcher Felix Madariaga, the new leader of Nicaragua's future remains behind bars today.
Meanwhile, opposition groups have called for protests to mark the anniversary of April 2018.
With authority calls and authority ban on the march, there is also a new crackdown from the police.