The official image of the President of the Republic of Nigeria, President Muhammadu Buhari by Bayo Omoboriowo via Wikimedia Commons, May 29, 2015, (CC BY-SA 4.0).
The Nigerian government announced on Friday that it will shut down the Nigerian Twitter, days after a controversial tweet written by Nigerian President Muhammadu Buhari demanding that the government will use force against the Igbo tribes.
Despite the removal of the tweet, the message continued to circulate on social media, recalling the pain of the civil war that killed more than one million people.
But the tweet prompted a movement on social media to stand up with Nigerians of the Igbo ethnic group.
In a series of tweets published on June 1, 2021, Buhari threatens to deal with Nigerians from the eastern part of the country in a language they understand, returning to the civil war in Nigeria between 1967-1970 against the Biafra Republic, southeast Nigeria.
The tweet was written after a series of attacks against the government and security forces in the area, which is accused of a military group affiliated with the Biafra Residents (IPOB), a movement that wants the Biafra region to be occupied.
The group has denied responsibility for the attack, according to American Voices.
Many of those who show lack of discipline today were young to understand the damage and destruction of people's lives during the Self-Defense crisis in Nigeria, Buhari said in a tweet that is now deleted:
A tweet of Nigerian President Buhari's threats
Tweets responded to Buhari's apparent anger at the country's headquarters, Abuja, about the direction of the attacks against electoral officials.
I think we have enough space.
They said what they want, but now they want to destroy the country, he said, pointing to the people who want to separate:
Buhari speaks in his mouth
Buhari, a former general, was in jail during the civil war in Nigeria.
The violent war resulted in the deaths of more than a million Igbo and other residents of the East, according to Chima J. Korieh, a professor of African History at the University of Marquette in the United States.
For many Nigerians, the transitional war in Biafra, generally, is considered a tragic incident, but for the Igbo people who fight for independence, it remains a turning point in their lives, says Nigerian journalist Adaobi Tricia Nwaubani.
(Note: The writer is from igbo.)
The Twitter policy on hate behavior blocks tweets that promote violence and harass people based on race, race, national origin.
Similar tweets, such as Buhari, are not blocked by the company or users, which forces them to delete content that is contrary to the policy.
Lai Mohammed, Nigerian press minister, described the removal of the president's tweet by the social media company as a scandal:
Twitters Mission In Nigeria Is Suspicious, Says Lai Mohammed pic.twitter.com/6hbAKsnjVM
Tweets with threats still appear online
The analysis by Digital Africa Research Lab (DigiAfricaLab) shows that Buhari's threatened tweet is still appearing on several accounts two days after it was deleted by Twitter, after being quoted by other users:
More than 30 minutes after Twitter deleted Nigerian president @MBuhari's tweet for violating the law, the tweet remains on many netizens because of being tweeted!
By accessing different account accounts through different devices, DigiAfricaLab saw more than 17,000 tweets shared by users before the social media company did not delete the tweet from the account of @MBuhari and @NGRPresident, both verified Twitter accounts used by President Buhari.
In addition, DigiAfricaLab was able to retweet President Buhari's tweet.
Ignored tweets may continue to be seen by Twitter users because the Twitter application (API) depends on other networks that link to Twitter data via URL.
The other reason, according to J. D. Biersdorfer of New York Times, is that missing tweets may still be found and appear in the online search results until the website is updated with a new tweet on the account's main page.
A reaction to the hashtag #IAmIgboToo
The tweet of President Buhari sparked a stir from Nigerians who tweeted on Twitter, which turned the headlines with the hashtag #IAmIgboToo to express their grief.
Similarly, Nigerian Twitter users from different ethnic groups also used the nicknames of the Igbo language as a way to stand with the Igbo people.
The analysis conducted on June 4, 2021 by Global Voices using Brand Mentions revealed that in seven days, the hashtag #IAmIgboToo was registered 508 times, used 319,200 times, reached 457,500 people, and shared 313,100 times on Twitter and Instagram.
Photo of the words mentioned in the hashtag #IAmIgboToo
Human Rights Activist Aisha Yesufu using the name Waigbo Somtochukwu, which means joining me to commemorate God and criticizing how President Buhaari threatened Igbo people saying the attack on Igbo is a attack on me:
My name is Aisha Somtochukwu Yesufu.
Whatever happens to the Igbo people is an insult to me.
Attacking Igbo people is attacking me.
I denounce the 1967 threats from President Buhari to the Igbo people
No Nigerian is more than any Nigerian
A musician and music maker Jude Abaga (M.I. Abaga) expressed his desire for this country to continue in front of hate speech:
The explanation that Nigeria takes Igbo people is farming and leaves the negative view.
#KomeshaSars supporter Rinuola [Rinu] Oduala, using the name Kigbo Ochiaga, meaning the leader of the military, remembered the remarkable contribution of igbo women to Nigeria's history, recalling Aba Women's Day in November 1929:
I remember Aba Women's March where at least 25,000 women protested against colonialism.
I come from this area of women with this dignity, born with courage & courage against many years of violence and lack of justice.
My name is Rinu Ochiagha Oduala #Igbo
Blossom Ozurumba, Global Voices' Igbo translator, noted that threats start with the human dignity:
When it comes to human dignity it is easy to eliminate those moral concerns about murder, racism or torture because of ethnicity.
If they are not human, it is easy to justify violence against them.
The cultivation of dignity, according to Ozurumba, makes it easier to avoid moral prejudice and acts of murder, racism, or sexual harassment because of their tribes.
Photo by makeitkenya, CC PDM 1.0
On March 27, a widespread discussion took place on Kenyan social media on the comments made by three radio broadcasters during the morning Breakfast Show.
The broadcasters were discussing a continuing court case involving Eunice Wangari, a woman who was taken out of a 12th floor building by a man who had relations with her.
On Twitter, angry Kenyans harassed broadcasters Shaffie Weru, Joseph Munoru, and Neville Muysa for their remarks on the case of sexual harassment, and call them the victims.
Shaffie insists that the woman was taken from the 12th floor of a building in Nairobi after saying no to the man is because she refused to leave and be free so she could be released.
What a hell!
This case divides netizens as some agree with the broadcasters.
Although the three were expelled from the radio station, it revealed how gender equality in Kenya has grown to women.
There are about 21.75 million internet users in Kenya, or 40 percent of the country's population according to data gathered by DataReportal in 2021.
At least 11 million people are social media users, a 2.2 percent increase compared to in 2020.
According to another report by the Global Mobile Communication System (GSMA), the number of mobile phones is nearly the same for women and men with a five percent difference in the number of men owning or able to access mobile phones compared to women, in three Kenyan Internet users one is a woman.
As few channels, women in Kenya are often targeting cyberbullying.
And although in 2018 a law against cyberbullying was passed in the country, which defines attitudes like collaborating with others in a way that can lead to fear or fear of violence to them or damage or loss of their property with a maximum of 10 years in prison, the online censorship is still high.
Below we will describe two other famous events that appeared in the past 12 months when social media has been used as a platform for violence against women in Kenya.
Epidemic
In March 2020, Brenda Iyv Cherotich was the first survivor of the virus in Kenya.
After he died he came and explained his trip as the world started to understand this new virus.
But Cherotich was not received as warmly as he expected.
After taking a press conference in April 2020, she faced online harassment and abuse from Kenyan On Twitter (also known as #KOT a term often referred to Kenyan Twitter users participating in informal or non-informal discussions on the platform) who sought to humiliate and ask the truth about her story.
Other online harassment took over her personal life, personal conversations and photos spread widely online, maybe after being shared by her friend or friend.
His hair looks like the virus itself
After the shock, Kenyan health minister Mutahi Kagwe came out to defend Brenda, calling for the arrest of the rapists and described them as a shameful attempt to destabilize the government's efforts to fight the virus.
Health Minister Mutahi Kagwe told police to charge social media users for harassing Brenda
And that wasn't the end, another victim recently appeared in the #KOT attack: TV presenter Vyonne Okwara was targeted after defending Brenda and supporting the minister's proposal to prosecute social media abuses.
I do not agree with Yvonne Okwara.
Your information is not relevant.
It is vibrant and rising to the top.
What was your voice when your fellow women sprayed a naked man and participated in his nude photos?
This is a toxic substance
Okwara criticized violence against women.
He said Brian Orinda, one of the three cases of the virus, who was present during his recovery trip with Brenda, had no reaction.
This sparked the heads of angry warriors who had their day on Twitter attacking Okwara.
The use of a gender card all the time.
Women should protect their respect first.
Sharing such photos and participating is also a lack of morality.
The sad and ugly situation from Okwara.
So sad, you wonder if Corona had a brain.
The men's sex was online last week.
He has quickly gained approval for taking advantage of that.
At the beginning of the year, Secretary General Kanze Dena was also affected by Kenyan sexual harassment.
When he was born holding a press conference at the event, netizens harassed his body because of his dignity.
It quickly became a discussion on social media, with some Kenyans and media houses defending Dena.
He is so young, long, short!
Who set the standards for how women should look?
Why is it our problem that @KanzeDena has added credibility?
Yes, she is a new mother, but she doesn't pay for anyone!
Please give us a pause!
This is a new level we must stop
The Elephant, one of Kenya's leading digital magazines, found that social media spheres across Kenya and the world have become borders of toxic and harassment.
No doubt that social media has become a key tool for social and educational development, especially for women.
Many women have built their business online and, in the process, have learned how to connect with others.
Many find customers to buy and sell their products online.
Others have access to forums, leading to hundreds if not thousands of social businesses that are not only encouraging economic growth but also empowering young men and women economically.
They have also learned how to improve their technical skills online.
Probably, social media has become a good place for business.
This is important for economic development and recognition of women.
Source, The Elephant.
It seems that for women to participate in meaningful conversations on issues that affect their lives, the Internet must be more safe than ever.
A rainbow banner.
Photo by Marco Verch on Flickr, CC BY 2.0.
The Caribbean countries, one after another, have been reforming their laws to promote more equality for people who love one sex by eliminating the colonial regulations that prevented sexual orientation from being discriminated against.
In 2016, it began in Belize.
Two years later, Trinidad and Tobago followed, though its move has not been translated into law reforms.
Three years after the court revealed that the laws are contrary to the constitution, Trinadad and Tobago seems to be attempting to change the rules of the Equality Act (EOA) related to homosexuality.
The law aims to prevent some forms of racism and promote equality among people with different backgrounds.
For that purpose, the Free Trial Commission and the Free Trial Court were established to address these issues but they have yet to address racial discrimination against homosexuality.
The existing laws address gender, race, race, ethnicity, religion, marriage status, or disability in employment, training, education and so on.
The pressure to change the current law was increasing after the Scotiabank in Trinidad and Tobago announced on April 14 that it will expand access to health care for employers in a mixed-sex relationship, in the same way as for employers in a mixed-sex relationship.
The announcement sparked mixed discussions in the country and was also echoed by the American Chamber of Trade (AMCHAM) and Ian Roach, Chairman of the Better Deal Commission, who was quoted in an interview with the Trinidad and Tobago-based Newsday newspaper saying:
It is a good move for private sector and particularly for banks, which has a wide range of employers.
It is important for others to take this measure, despite what the law says.
Government Attorney Faris Al-Rawi said he has been inspired by the initiative of the Scotiabank to protect people's rights and that the doors are open to do what is needed to end the spread of racism in the country.
Al-Rawi's position seems to have changed according to his position after the 2018 High Court verdict; just after a constitutional decision was made, the government announced its intention to appeal.
While Trinidad and Tobago has made a significant progress in eliminating various forms of violence, but when it comes to violence against homosexuals in the country, the fear of homosexuals using religious arguments has not changed much.
Looking at the response of citizens to the Scotiabank's announcement on social media platforms like Facebook, the opposition was strong.
Meanwhile, gays continue not only to face racism, but also violence, many of which end up with death.
In the recent incident, the death of Marcus Anthony Singh, a gay party member in the area he lives, sparked widespread discussion on the difficulties homosexuals face especially their security and violence.
Many of the conversations have been conducted through Twitter Spaces, a voice chat platform that facilitates discussion and education.
While the Prime Minister Al Rawi has not given a formal date for the changes to the law, for homosexuals and their associates, hope remains that the measures taken by private companies such as the Scotiabank will not be long enough to be taken by the government, and finally bring a positive change to the whole community.
Duval, French engineer and founder of Gaël Institute.
Photo used with permission.
For Internet and technology companies, the gathering of data of Internet users has become their main source of income.
However, this form of income puts users at risk as evidenced in frequent commercial censorship, massive censorship and spreading.
Is there a way to improve the privacy rights of Internet users?
Companies such as Google and Apple have invested in gathering daily reports of their customers, especially via mobile phones, and the integration of various use-cases such as calendars and agendas.
Several channels have been monitoring the real location of a person, and on the other hand health and sports channels have been focused on collecting information about customers' interests.
It is believed that these information are collected and edited in order to convince and give the user what he wants quickly.
However, the fact is that Internet users and technology users do not know that they provide free information without any payment.
Advocacy activists such as Austrian Max Schrems, expressed their concerns about the practices of Internet companies and technology providers to earn income through their customers' data.
He highlights the dangers of repeated violence and violations of the right to privacy law.
One of these events may have been well explained through a Facebook scandal known as Cambridge Analytica case where Cambridge Analytica has collected personal data of 87 million Facebook users without their consent to help presidential candidates Ted Cruz and Donald Trump earlier in 2016.
Schrems says he warned Facebook representatives about the reports of their customers by Cambridge Analytica, but he did not convince them to take action:
Facebook representatives without warning said that in their opinion, when you use the owner's platform you have allowed users to upload their accounts (via mobile phones and other devices) to collect user data.
However, why don't you talk about privacy online while you don't have anything to hide?
Activist Edward Snowden responded to this question in a Reddit discussion in 2015:
Thinking that you don't have anything about the right to privacy online because you don't have anything to say.
The real impact of the use of media platforms
French computer engineer and data analyst Gaël Duval has been active in the maintenance of computer systems including Mandrake Linux, a Linux system that everyone has the right to improve and use with others.
Duval decided to create a system that helps provide a secure encryption of mobile data: /e/OS.
Global Voices spoke to him to understand how news technology affects people's lives, opportunities and its impact.
Here is his perspective on the development of the news technology:
This is a political question.
I personally have mixed feelings about news technology because I always have a lot of concerns about it.
However, sometimes I feel tired, I remember those times when you need to call, you go to a special place.
Probably that was a very beautiful life and a very quick life.
Young people may wonder that, until I reached five years, in my house there was no phone or TV.
There is a time when I wonder that I lived a different world, and which is now not entirely.
On the other hand, it is very exciting when we try to show what we can do with the presence of new technology, such as contacting a person from a different part of the world through high quality videos and experiencing non-fueled cars that blow our heads with dangerous gasoline.
For those who remember, taking a look at the nostalgic memories of the anti-analog system, we are currently facing a high risk of censorship in the news technology.
A study conducted in 2018 related to children's literacy problems and compulsory use of mobile phones, found that excessive use of mobile phones leads to several problems including Addis Deficiency Syndrome (ADD) and sonna.
A study published in 2020 by Common Sense Media found that 50 percent of young people in Los Angeles said they wouldn't stay without their mobile phones.
The consequences of the use of these technologies have recently been revealed by reliable sources in the Netflix post The Social Dilemma, which describes the testimonies of former employees of major companies including Google, Twitter and Facebook who describe how they have created a barrier to censorship for income.
Some governments have tried to tackle this problem by improving the law to raise awareness of users and increase accountability for the companies.
In 2018, the European Union (EU) passed the GDPR.
The law has added several restrictions on access to information including the immediate consent of users about their information and requesting companies to remove these information after three years without approval.
The law also imposes a huge fine for those who do not comply with these regulations.
However, its implementation is plagued by lack of transparency in government agencies, and this law only sanctions EU member states.
A tool to enable media usage
As the situation is now, Duval was willing to create a tool that would allow people to take responsibility for their own information, as he explains:
Our objective is that your information is yours, because our information is our property, and for those who think it should not be that, they don't want freedom and peace, or they own a commercialized advertising business – because personal information can help sell advertising at a lower price.
This is how the system he created works:
/e/ is a digital messaging system that doesn't filter any information (to Google) as you filter, where you are and which considers the user's privacy.
The system does not filter in any way personal information of users.
You also provide basic online services such as email, encryption, calendar, encryption all related to the mobile phone system.
Duval says that, when it comes to personal data, Google and Apple have similar objectives. These data are based on Google's business system, which actually depends on 8 to 12 billion annually on installing Google's app on iPhones and iPads.
Duval added:
On iPhone, a user sends about 6 MB of his data to Google, a day.
It is two times the amount sent by Android users.
However, Apple's outside infrastructure has been shut down, and the lack of transparency of what is happening inside.
They should only believe them.
We for our part, we are allowed to change the security policy: all /e/OS and online storage technologies (used in the development of this system) are free.
The system can be interviewed and evaluated by experts.
In the face of increasing use of mobile phones, it is clear that only law does not suffice to build awareness and provide users with the right tools and knowledge to protect their information and here is the importance of digital tools that help users become more accountable.
Information and knowledge are important in protecting against the virus.
Photo shows Kenyan health workers educating the public about the virus.
Photo: Victoria Nthenge and Trocaire has CC BY 2.0 license
The launch of the HIV vaccine in Kenya has been plagued by accusations of corruption, nepotism and corruption that have left many poor and elderly people waiting for long lines outside public hospitals during the country's third ebola epidemic and death toll.
Meanwhile, hundreds of Kenyans pay up to 100 USD to be registered, as explained in several Kenyan online accounts and international media.
In March, Kenya purchased more than 1 million Oxford-AstraZeneca capsules through the World Health Organization’s HIV/AIDS Access Program, organized by the World Health Organization through COVAX.
The donations started a free admission campaign in public and private hospitals.
The delivery of the medicines was divided in three steps: health workers and immigration officers, young people aged over 58 and vulnerable people, and other people living in unofficial shelters.
The country expects to receive 24 million dollars through COVAX.
According to The Washington Post, Kenya is targeting 50 percent of its population in June 2022 by collaboration between the COVAX project and aid from other countries.
In a press release, Kenyan UNICEF representative Maniza Zaman congratulated the arrival of first donations to Kenya.
Following the arrival of these donations, UNICEF and its partners applaud COVAX’s promise to ensure that people from poor economic nations are not left behind in this international humanitarian rescue mission, he said.
However, the three-year plan was broken after the exercise began because of the last minute decision to cancel the second half of the program as a way to deal with the third wave of infections, political interests in conflict, and the government fails to communicate and inform the public.
In a post questioning what is going on in Kenya's HIV/AIDS campaign, Patrick Gathara, a Kenyan writer and political cartoonist awarded a number of awards said:
In a loud and selfish voice, politicians argued that they should be given priority to build confidence in the public, although the Ministry of Health has already reported a strong opposition to the ban.
Since the government failed to explain its plan to the public, there was a lot of debate about where and when people are expected to stand in the line.
Despite the government's order to prioritize those under the age of 58 years old, Kenyan media reported that businessmen and politicians under the age of 58 have been receiving services illegally, showing a huge lack of money.
Meanwhile, wealthy Zambians, who don't have access to help and financial assistance, seem to be sitting on the streets everyday from 11am, and turning back to another day because the medicines have expired, according to a story published by The Washington Post.
They have another window for their friends, Mary Njoroge, 58, a teacher, told The Washngton Post.
Without a person to help you complete the whole process, what will you do?
The same incident was reported in another government hospital by @_Sativa, a Kenyan Twitter user who lives in Nairobi, also a Kenyan.
On the Twitter post, he explained what his grandfather met, a 60 year old teacher.
While the elderly waited in the line, a clergyman called names and the young people came to the front and tried to get a hug.
His aunt asked what is going on, a nurse gave him a phone number where he could use money, he said on the Twitter post.
Following reports of increasing interest in the campaign, Kenyan Health Minister Mutahi Kagwe told the media:
I think we have come to a point where we have created a sense that anyone can go to a call center and get a service.
I want to put this issue in perspective, those who provide healthcare will calculate every medicine they used and that the medicines used must be checked by someone who deserve the service.
The President of Kenya's National Elections Party Alfred Obengo asked Kenyans not on the list to stop standing in the queue.
explaining how Kenyan government could avoid the conflict in implementing the plan, Gathara concludes his post saying:
We could avoid this crisis if Kenyan government and its international partners, including the World Health Organization and Western governments, would work with Kenya as a foundation for this program and not a colonies being tortured and harassed.
It is sad for Kenyans, their country that is a colony doesn't know another way to do so.
In December last year, the world focused on Argentina where abortions were officially allowed in the country.
But how are girls and women forced to be parents in other parts of the world?
Watch or listen to Global Voices Insights (which took place on April 7, where our South American editor Melissa Vida speaks about pregnancy rights with the following experts and activists:
Debora Diniz (Brazil): a cultural researcher who runs research projects on bioethics, women's rights, human rights and health.
He teaches at Brasilia University, but also researches at Brown University, and is a feminist.
His documentaries about abortions, equality in marriage, government division and religion and research about seli mundu have received national and international awards and have been contested in various tournaments.
Joy Asasira (Uganda): a leading advocate for Africa's maternal health, Human Rights, and gender rights and a global advocacy strategy, campaigner, and activist and organizer of planning and planning.
Joy was awarded by the Ugandan Law Society (ULS) for Women's Best Human Rights Attorney for 2018/2019 and recognized as the world's leading woman in health at the World Women's Health Summit at Stanford University in 2017.
Emilie Palamy Pradichit (Thailand): founder and director of Manushya, which started in 2017 (Manushya is a Sanskrit word that means a man), aimed at mobilizing the power of local communities, especially women human rights advocates, to fight for their rights, equality and social rights.
Emilie is an international human rights lawyer who specializes in social justice.
R Umima Ahmed (Pakistan): independent journalist.
He was initially editor-in-chief for The News on Sunday and The Nation.
R Umaima has experienced over 10 years of online and online content.
He focuses on digital security, women and animal rights.
He is also Global Voices author.
Dominika Lasota (Poland): a 19-year-old social rights activist who is also part of Fridays For Future and Women's Strike.
Mobile money vendor waits for customers in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania.
Under the content regulation of 2020, freedom of expression has been barred by a high price and the government's authority to remove unauthorized content.
Photo by Fiona Graham/WorldRemit on Flickr, CC BY SA 2.0.
This post is part of UPROAR, a project of Small Media Initiatives asking the government to address digital rights challenges in Universal Periodic Review (UPR).
In late March, when Tanzanians began to question health and where President John Magufuli was, many citizens used social media to ask questions and express their concerns.
In response to the question, the government threatened to arrest any person who used social media to spread fake news about the president.
Government authorities returned to Tanzania's Cybercrime Act 2015 and Electronic and Postal Communications Act (EPOCA) drafted in 2020 to explain the possibility of arresting and detaining those who violated these laws.
This was a continuation of the government's actions, which have repeatedly used online crime laws and online content regulations to regulate and preserve digital rights and freedom of expression in Tanzania.
On March 17, former Vice President Samia Suluhu Hassan announced on national television that John Magufuli has died.
A few days later, Hassan was appointed as Tanzania's sixth president.
At that time, at least four people were arrested in different parts of the country for spreading false information about health and where Magufuli was based.
Many are now wondering whether Tanzania will revise its online content laws after Magufuli's rule, or whether these laws will continue to be used until 2025 until the rest of Magufuli's term is completed by President Samia Hassan.
In late March, Innocent Bashungwa, Tanzania's Minister of Information, Culture, Arts and Sports, warned the media to avoid spreading rumors about Magufuli, who was offline since February 27.
Also, the Minister of Law and Constitutional Affairs, Mwigulu Nchemba, also threatened netizens with a fine on his Twitter account for spreading false information, referring to Section 89 of the Penal Code and Section 16 of the Cybercrime Act.
Police chief Ramadhani Kingai expressed a desire to know a fake Twitter account named Kigogo, which has long been fighting the government's evils.
Human rights activists have criticized the actions by government officials and the atmosphere surrounding these regulations and threats associated with its implementing.
Online Content Regulations: More digital rights violations
For more than a decade ago, Tanzania has enjoyed a strong network and a huge growth in communication and technology.
Despite this development, the government has been creating a framework for controlling companies and discussion platforms and therefore independent media cannot compete in terms of the quality of comments published and the representation of its representatives.
The Internet has created a new platform for young Tanzanian bloggers and activists using social media to voice their voices, but the government is not able to agree with this new reality.
In 2010, Tanzania published the Electronic and Postal Communications Act, one of its kind in the country.
In 2018, specific regulations on online content were released through Electronic and Postal Communications (Online Content) 2018.
The government alleged that these regulations were intended to monitor the use of social media, particularly, to fight the problem of spreading hate and violence online.
However, these regulations were not only used against mainstream media but also against bloggers and content providers, who were surprised by the new regulation of paying $900 for a license.
This also concerns anyone who is preparing and broadcasting live TV or radio broadcasts online.
Massive buzz broke out on social media following this controversial tax hike where many bloggers and content creators decided to stop their activities because of the high prices.
Both opposition politicians and social media users criticized the regulations for censorship of social media and civil society.
In 2020, Tanzania issued a new regulation of online content, under Article 103 of the Electronic and Postal Communications Act, 2020, and began applying in July 2020, and announced them through a Press Release No 538 in the Government Gazette.
Some of the major differences between the 2018 and 2020 edition of the Electronic Online Content Regulation (EPOCA) are as follows:
First, Tanzania Communications Regulatory Authority (TCRA) created new categories and added small groups under online content called: information & news, entertainment and education or religion, and continues to block private content.
Online Content Regulations 2020, Section VI, Article 116:
Anyone who provides online services without a proper license, commits a crime and his punishment is a fine of not less than 6 million Tanzanian Shillings (USD 2,587] or a fine of not less than 12 months or both.
Second, TCRA added a list of unauthorized content and included, among other things, content that encourages recording calls, intercepting calls, stealing data, monitoring calls, recording and intercepting calls or conversations without permission.
Three, the Online Content Regulations (EPOCA 2020) have also reduced the period for which a licensed can handle content violations by suspending or revoking accounts.
Under 2018, the licensed had 12 hours to do so.
But in the regulations of 2020, under Section III, Article 11, time limit was reduced to 2 hours.
The failure to respect this time gives the authorities the right to intervene, or to block or delete the account.
Global Voices spoke with some lawyers and human rights experts who criticized the amendments to the Content Regulations of 2020, saying it violates digital rights and civil society rights.
They said that these regulations violate digital rights and prohibit bloggers and journalists from using online content.
The main problem here is that no warning has been set to prevent these authorities from being abused, and in the current situation, these authorities have a negative impact on freedom of expression in Tanzania, said one human rights expert who asked to be known.
After Magufuli: Digital Rights Charter Tanzania
Under Magufuli's rule, civil society, media and digital rights have been growing rapidly due to the increasing, step by step, online freedom of expression.
After Magufuli's sudden death, many are now wondering about the future of digital rights in the country after six years of leadership that has shown signs of weakness.
Global Voices spoke to some government officials with a lack of names about the new regulations and the situation of human rights and freedom of expression online.
One Tanzanian human rights expert told Global Voices, in spite of being misunderstood:
These regulations are not fair because anyone can be charged, because not many people understand the interpretation of these regulations.
Another thought that the government considers social media a problem.
He warned citizens to take a stand when speaking on open platforms because the government has legal power to access their information through the owners of the platforms.
The 2020 Internet Content Regulations make it harder for anyone to be anonymous, under Article 9(e), Internet café operators have to register using registered identity, a single IP address for every computer (IP address) and a security camera to record all activities on their workplaces, according to this analysis by the Tanzanian Press Council.
The regulations contribute to crimes against human dignity, blocking the right to identity, imposing harsh punishments for violations of these regulations and giving enormous authority to delete content to TCRA and other under its control.
Online Content Regulations (EPOCA) are contrary to international standards of digital rights.
In total, these regulations guarantee freedom of expression and press freedom in Tanzania.
However, Tanzanian government is responsible for respecting and protecting the right to freedom of expression and gathering including journalists, civil society members, and opposition politicians, according to Tanzania's constitution and international agreements and local communities.
These rights are important for the rights of voting.
Tanzania is on digital rights strike.
Under Hassan's recent inauguration, the question is whether the Revolutionary Party will continue to silence and restore digital rights in the country?
The Editor's note: The author of this post has asked his name to be unknown because of security reasons.
Bringing Tanzania forward was not easy, President John Magufuli when he came to power in 2015.
His title was Just Work, appearing in green and white, the colors of the Tanzanian ruling party, the Chama Cha Mapinduzi, led by Magufuli.
Photo by Pernille Baerendtsen, used with permission.
Thousands of people are gathering in soccer stadiums, airports and roads, in various parts of Tanzania, where President John Pombe Magufuli's body was evacuated from Dar es Salaam to allow the public to be honored for a week in Dodoma, where the government headquarters, Zanzibar, Mwanza and Chato, his home, along the Victoria River, where he will be buried.
Magufuli was announced to die at 61 years old on March 17, in a speech by former Vice President Samia Suluhu Hassan, broadcast on national television, which ended several weeks of speculation about the health of the president and where he is.
It is reported to have died of heart failure:
The report of the death of the President of the Republic of Tanzania.
The sudden death of Magufuli, however, left Tanzanians, and others, wondering the future of politics and governance in the East African country.
On Friday, Hassan was appointed as the sixth president of Tanzania, writing the history of being the first woman to be president of Tanzania, the second born in Zanzibar Island, Tanzania, and the first Muslim woman to take the country's top position.
Under Tanzania's constitution, Hassan will serve the remaining five years of Magufuli's presidential term until 2025.
In this short video, widely shared on social media, Hassan raises any doubts about her ability to lead as a woman:
For those doubting that this woman could be the president of the Republic of Tanzania I would like to tell them that the woman standing here is the president.
I would like to repeat that the sitting president is the president of the Republic of Tanzania, a female.
While Tanzanians are celebrating Magufuli and continuing to reflect on the rapid change, many seem to be optimistic about Hassan.
opposition politician Zitto Kabwe, leader of the ACT Wazalendo party, hopes for the history of Hassani in activism and work as a civil society member.
The great story of President @SuluhuSamia in 20 minutes narrated by himself.
He says he was activist.
He was a member of civil society.
Thank you Chambi for doing this.
It doesn't stop listening.
While Hassan is more known as a solidarity person, calling for unity and peace in this transitional period, Magufuli is also known as bulidoza, a nickname he received as Minister of Infrastructure to recognize his ability to ensure roads are constructed.
Celebrating Magufuli
Kanga remembering late John Magufuli, Tanzania's fifth president, who died on March 17, 2021.
RIP our father God bless us / We will remember you forever / We will remember you forever our hero
Many Tanzanians and Africans generally remember Magufuli on social media for bad and good.
The bad and bad of Magufuli cannot be summed up in a similar manner, and that means that the memory he left behind has a lot of ambiguity but a lot of meaning.
The camps of supporters of Magufuli and supporters of Magufuli are not willing to agree and the discussion will continue for years.
Magufuli gained popularity in the early days of his presidency for his promises to fight corruption aggressively.
His efforts to launch massive projects aimed at improving the infrastructure and development of industries have raised the hope of many Tanzanians to independently operate after many decades of international aid.
In April last year, Magufuli rejected a $10 billion (US$) loan from China for a mega-cable project in Bagamoyo near Dar es Salaam, saying, he is the only fisherman to agree with these terms.
This banner calls for President Magufuli to go to the elections last year.
It reads: You promised you did. We thank you.
It is filled with photos of Magufuli's achievements in the construction of roads, the purchase of aircraft, the construction of bridges and modern roads.
Photo by Pernille Baerendtsen, used with permission.
His stance against corruption also attracted Western countries, and the media initially published his position in positive light.
For some, Magufuli is remembered as a true African and a passionate African advocate.
Others remember him as a powerful president who asked for loyalty more than anything:
I have been following Tanzania mourning John Magufuli.
We opposed his dictatorship and criticized him for his lack of science, but clearly, by observing people standing on the road, he was famous.
However, Magufuli's regime was brutal and threatened human rights and freedom of expression.
For more than six years, Human Rights Watch, Amnesty International, the Committee to Protect Journalists (CPJ), Global Voices and others have been monitoring the decline of civil rights and human rights.
Tanzania fell sixth in the Freedom of Expression Index that measured democracy and freedom between 2020 and 2021.
When the Parliament was debating the Political Rights Act in January 2019, a law that was rejected for more political parties, it was interpreted as a bad sign when a gun appeared inside the parliament building.
Magufuli's administration several times used different laws such as the Electronic and Postal Communications Act (EPOCA), or the Internet Crime Act to silence dissent and free speech.
The various regulations of the year aimed at blocking citizens from spreading news that could cause violence or violence and content containing information about a disaster or dangerous disease without being confirmed by the government through its top officials.
Citizens couldn't talk about the earthquake that hit the coast last month, despite news of a recent earthquake in the country.
And during two weeks of rumors about Magufuli and his health in late March, at least four people were allegedly arrested for tweeting about the president's disease.
Or died of Korona?
Magufuli reportedly died of a heart attack which is believed to have been receiving treatment for 10 years.
But Magufuli's sudden death left many wondering whether he was affected by the virus (UVIKO-19).
For many in West Africa Magufuli will be remembered for ignoring the presence of the epidemic in his country.
When the disease spreads to Tanzania, the government took a stand and provided guidelines to fight the spread of the disease, but Magufuli has repeatedly considered the lack of people to continue their activities as a major economic threat than the virus.
He has often opposed international guidelines on health principles such as wearing a blanket, avoiding riots and noise, calling on citizens to depend on their requests and natural medicine as a alternative.
After Magufuli banned the announcement of the epidemic of the virus last April, he insisted that the virus has failed with the force of prayer.
After a while, he declared that Tanzania is not affected by the epidemic.
Although it is hard to say how much Korona affected Tanzania, what we know is that it didn't leave.
When the new epidemic took place in January, many Tanzanians shared their testimonies on social media telling their experiences with the virus.
Since they were aware that they could be arrested for discussing the Korona, the discussion went under the name of new virus and challenges of survival.
But Magufuli continued his anti-conspiracy stance in a speech he made in his home in Chato, on January 27:
If a white man can come with a swine, he would find a swine flu; a swine flu; and now he would know a malaria; a swine flu.
This statement could be seen as removing Magufuli's predecessor, President Jakaya Kikwete, who served as the world ambassador for protection in late 2016.
Last month, Magufuli finally declared that his country has a virus, urging Tanzanians to wear their own coastlines.
Analysts say Magufuli's move to change the mindset about the virus was a result of the death of Zanzibar's Deputy Secretary General Seif Sharif Hamad.
Several top officials from a popular political class close to Magufuli have died of the disease.
While groups of people are gathering to pay their last respects to the president, on the other hand his death has given some relief.
Shortly after Magufuli's death, journalist Elsie Eyakuze appeared on social media to speak out publicly about the life of Magufuli during the epidemic in Tanzania, when the president showed his intention to ignore the virus.
In a long tweet, he said:
Now.
For the real story I have been at a loss to tell for too long.
#uzi.
In March 2020, the epidemic started to escalate around the world.
Tanzania wasn't left.
But in April of 2020 we discontinued all efforts to control the spread of the disease in the country.
In his last tweet, he said:
Is he dying of Korona?
Yes, certainly.
This and that.
And they.
Tanzanians.
And elsewhere.
But not those you want to talk about?
They are not the Simulizi.
It is part of the story.
A friend is looking for you.
Can you?
Can we make this happen between us?
Please do so.
I will do that.
Now.
In a open letter to Magufuli, Eyakuze explains the change in Magufuli's stance, but uses a method of understanding other sentiments, which seems to win Magufuli himself again and apologize.
Tanzanians agree with the controversy and importance of Magufuli's death and the memory he left behind while their eyes are closed looking forward.
Who has the power to decide what happens and what happens on the web?
This is the key question raised by activist and writer Jillian C. York in her next book Silicon Values,* which is expected to be launched on March 23, 2021.
On Wednesday, February 10 at 2:00pm GMT, Jillian meets Global Voices Managing Director Ivan Sigal for a video interview about her book, which, as he explains in the book, seeks to document the history of how major Silicon Valley communication platforms have created its unique system, a system that governs how we can express ourselves online.
Jillian, Director of International Freedom of Expression at Electronic Frontier Foundation, and a renowned Global Voices member, is fighting for writing about digital freedom and freedom of expression in the Middle East.
This show is free and open to the public and will be streamed live on Facebook Live, YouTube, and Twitch.
We are pleased to see you join us on Friday, February 10 at 2:00pm GMT (click here to see the time related to your area)!
* Buying this book through this link will help support Global Voices.
Young man looking at his mobile phone in Tanzania, December 9, 2018.
Photo by Riaz Jahanpour, for USAID / Digital Development Communications via Flickr, CC BY 2.0.
The first Russian virus reported in Tanzania in late March, 2020.
However, after the numbers continued to climb to 509 patients and 21 deaths in late April, Tanzanian government announced that there was no one HIV-positive in June.
Meanwhile, Kassim Majaliwa, the country's prime minister, told the parliament that there were only 66 cases across the country, but did not give further explanation.
Since then, the government has been silent about the virus and political statements denying the presence of the virus continue to be released without any reports of cases or deaths.
Today, many activities are taking place as normal, including the tourism sector in Tanzania, which attracts thousands of visitors to the country through unhygienic airports.
The Zanzibar Airport received the lowest score of two stars in a health and security survey conducted by Skytrax Monitoring the Safety of Airports against HIV-19, the only accurate test to confirm the measures taken by airport authorities to raise awareness during the eruption.
According to the Skytrax report, two newly reported South African virus patients were confirmed to travel to Denmaki on January 19, from Tanzania.
The most anticipated music festival that is held once a year, Voices of Busara, will take place in the middle of February in Zanzibar, under the initiative of the European Union in Tanzania and some European Ambassadors in Tanzania, during a time when the country faces the most serious epidemic of the new virus spreading in the UK, South Africa, and Brazil.
On January 24, the Catholic diocese of Arusha issued a letter of warnings to its faithful against the presence of HIV in Tanzania, calling on its faithful to follow all necessary health measures to protect themselves from the virus in churches.
Although records show that Tanzania has few cases compared to other countries, the government's silence on the numbers of HIV has raised concern among health professionals and human rights activists, who have been blocked from speaking and discussing HIV on social media.
The country issued a 2018 version of the Electronic and Postal Communications Act (Online Content) in July, banning content containing information about a dangerous or dangerous epidemic in the country or anywhere without the permission of the authorities.
Although initial measures to counter the virus were taken, now school, schools, offices, and other social activities are back to normal.
However, the virus continues to spread in the country.
President John Magufuli has expressed concerns over the quality of roads and confidence of his servants after a secret investigation being carried out by pigs and pigs revealed that they had a virus.
The president said that issuing these statistics had caused unreasonable reactions and shortly later, he resigned Nyambura Moremi, the director of national health infrastructure, for allegedly reporting the results of the tests.
The ministry's team for the HIV/AIDS crisis ended up being destroyed.
In June, Magufuli thanked God for leaving the virus out of Tanzania, after three days of national prayers.
He released the announcement publicly at Sunday's vigil, in front of the faithful, demanding that God has answered their prayers.
Magufuli praised the believers for not wearing a blanket, as well as the World Health Organization call for people to wear a blanket to prevent the spread of the virus.
Magufuli, nicknamed bulldozer because of his strong stance against corruption, was elected for the second time in October 2020 in a controversial election against the opposition.
Before the election, Tanzanians were surprised by the internet shutdowns where all major social media platforms including Instagram, WhatsApp and Twitter were shut down.
Since today, many Tanzanians cannot access Twitter without using a VPN.
For more than five years, Magufuli's regime has threatened democracy and civil activity as well as restricted freedom of expression and right to access information on digital platforms.
Following the government's aggressive stance on the presence of HIV, Tanzanians are not allowed to report any numbers of HIV that the government does not verify, which means that ordinary people including journalists and health professionals are not allowed to comment on HIV on digital platforms or access important information.
The right to access information about the HIV/AIDS has become a preference of some individuals, according to a national hospital doctor who spoke to Global Voices with a lack of identification, fearing being expelled.
Similar to other countries with special teams covering the HIV/AIDS, Tanzania has a website with a few updated information about HIV/AIDS.
The warnings against the presence of HIV seem to be accepted by many Tanzanians, including health professionals, who ignore important measures to take notice such as wearing a blanket and avoiding riots.
Global Voices visited several hospitals including Muhimbili, a government hospital in Dar es Salaam, the country's cultural capital, and Benjamin Mkapa Hospital in Dodoma, the country's political capital, and witnessed a few warnings to counter the spread of the virus.
People are allowed to enter the hospitals without wearing a blanket, there are a few toilets and handcuffs and those that are missing water or damaged, as seen, for example, in Muhimbili women’s breastfeeding ward Muhimbili.
While Magufuli's administration has not expressed concern about the impact of the virus on the daily lives of citizens, many ministers of his government and its departments agree that the virus exists.
Tanzanian Finance Minister urges its employees to take all measures to protect themselves from the virus, while saying Tanzania is not affected by the virus.
Photo by Mwananchi.
For example, when Magufuli was elected for the second time last year, government authorities took a lot of warnings against AIDS, encouraging attendees to check their body temperature and put their hands in special places with water and soap.
On January 25, Tanzania's Finance Minister Dr. Philip Mpango urged his officials to take a stand against the virus and denied the presence of the disease in Tanzania, during his meeting in Dodoma, where his political headquarters.
Many internal experts are afraid of speaking, fearing for action.
Global Voices spoke to a health analyst who believes that Tanzania may be facing the second wave of earthquake but thought the people were taken away from these reports.
The expert did not want to be named, fearing for action.
Another health expert told Global Voices in an unnamed manner that people should know the status of the virus so that they can take steps to protect and prevent the spread of the virus to their communities.
He said that leaving people behind makes their work difficult but he believed that Tanzanians will try to protect themselves by taking all measures as advised by the World Health Organization (WHO).
He told Global Voices:
Politicians have taken over the issue of HIV and are playing a dangerous game, but when people begin to die they will start killing health workers.
Another doctor who spoke to Global Voices with no mention of his name said that although there is hope for protection, the Tanzanian government's warnings of the disease will hinder its availability, because the government has not taken any action to locate it on the global market, instead of going to farm medicine.
In December 2020, Health Minister Gerald Chamaii expressed concerns over the global censorship, telling East African magazine:
It doesn't take six months to get a cure or treatment for a disease.
We have struggled ourselves since the blast began, I am not sure if it is safe to bring the protection and share it to the public without conducting medical tests to verify its safety for our people.
Getting information is a crucial issue for democracy and development.
Tanzanian Internet usage laws have been abused to silence voices and those speaking against how Tanzania handles the HIV/AIDS issue.
Freedom of expression, including the right to access, receive, and share information, is protected by international law.
In Tanzania, the right to information, and access to information and spreading information, is recognized by Article 18(1) and 18(2) of the Tanzanian Constitution.
However, these rights seem to be more speculative than reality.
In a situation where the government rejects the presence of HIV and the existence of laws that prohibit people from sharing information and commenting on the disease, online and on the street, Tanzanians are left without basic information and many are afraid to speak.
This post is part of a series of articles examining digital rights during the isolation of people inside to control the spread of HIV in nine African countries: Uganda, Zimbabwe, Msumbiji, Aljeria, Nigeria, Namibia, Tunisia, Tanzania and Ethiopia.
The project is funded by the African Citizens Rights Fund (CIPESA).
Photo showing police training in Mozambique | screen shot on August 19, STV Youtube, uploaded by owner
Reports of the Mozambique police forces released in the media earlier in August showed that 15 students had sex at a police school in Matalane, Maputo district.
The documents say that the pregnancies are a result of a sexual relationship between students and students without specifying whether they were intentional.
However, it is reported that pregnant students will not be able to complete their training now, and will travel back to their homes without being transported by police.
Finally the report says that the students responsible will be suspended.
When interviewed by O País on August 8, General Police General Bernardino Rafael said that all involved will be met with disciplinary procedures.
It took a long time before this case was widely debated on social media.
Several netizens expressed their dissatisfaction with the school decision and called for justice for the women.
Mwanaharajati Fátima Mimbire wrote on Facebook:
The issue of Matalane should be taken seriously.
I am so tired of this issue of the abortion of 15 students at Matalane Educational Center.
This is a big thing.
It is a big thing because as the documents indicate the actors are students.
Now one who has control over another makes a pregnancy and the result is a small process?
This reminds me of a teacher who demanded sex corruption for his students to pay for them or to insult them in school because of his view they are idiots, and instead of complaining the teacher was moved to teach somewhere else.
And there he continues his creativity.
Txeka, a women's rights activist also criticized this on Twitter:
Matalane's prayer
Forming a social justice community in protecting the right to equal rights for people requires equal education and development policy that cares for the development of people and technical and moral skills and values and patriotism.
Matalane's prayer
Criticizing violence against women is a common practice in traditional communities, known for harassing women and making them reject men's demands, resulting in a punishment for the actions of victims and reducing the charges of rapists.
Professor Carlos Serra said:
Matalane?
It's just a tiny piece of ice and Matalane is ours.
I think they will begin to express their concerns, starting from their childhood.
Also journalist and activist Selma Inocência said:
Very few teachers have been taken to court, charged and sentenced.
They are responsible for losing their children thousands of girls.
School is not safe place.
The figure shows that hundreds of girls get married in school and other actors are students, teachers and school officials.
The petition has been filed demanding the punishment of police officers.
Currently more than 3,8000 people have been killed.
For the government this issue is fundamental and is being investigated at the levels of the ministry and the head of the Mozambique Police Force.
The Supreme Court cannot and cannot deal with such issues.
The law must go on its way and it is for everyone.
Nobody is above the law.
The trial continues to investigate all the information in this case and consider the psychological and psychological condition of the pregnancies because they are worthy of their dignity.
Other case
This is a continuation of cases of violence faced by women in Mozambique that are not reported in the media.
One of the most recent headlines was the case of Alberto Niquice, head of the Liberation Front of Mozambique (Frelimo), who is facing a criminal charge for raping a 13 year old child in 2018.
Last year, 30 civil society institutions in Mozambique asked Niquice to be published after he was reelected in 2019,
However, the secretary took the office and is working as normal in the parliament.
The other media case is about the violence committed by Josina Machel, daughter of the first Mozambique president Samora Machel.
In October 2015, Josina was beaten by her three-year-old friend Rofini Licuco with one eye strain.
Licuco was sentenced to 3 and 4 years in prison and paid 300 million rubles (US$ 4.2 million) to Josina.
However Rofino appealed and in June this year the High Court denied the case because there was no evidence in the case.
This Valentine's Day, donate Global Voices: https://globalvoices.org/donate/
2020 has been a peaceful year.
In the meantime, we at Global Voices have been publishing stories from all four corners of the world, bringing our readers a world-wide perspective on issues such as the U.S. earthquake, racial equality movement, protests in countries like Belarus and Thailand, and more, and more.
The Global Voices community of bloggers, journalists, journalists and digital rights activists has been working for over 16 years to build bridges between countries and languages and defend press freedom, Internet transparency, and freedom of expression.
Please Add Global Voices This Week
Our work and our international writers community is evidence that human relationships regardless of their diverse backgrounds can change the way people understand the world.
Please share today to help us continue this important work.
<< Change Global Voices >>
December 2004.
It was necessary to be a university student to use Facebook, Twitter was still not going to be used, suspects were still living in the shadows of fictional stories.
Our phones weren't agile, flying at the time means water and you would call a cleaner to repair, and Amazon.com wasn't able to sell some products.
There were many news sites, blogs were there and did well, and we didn't start talking online.
Here is where Global Voices was found.
We have been there for 15 years!
For the dog, it is 110 years old.
For Internet years, that is about 1000 years.
Today we wish to use this opportunity to thank our renowned authors and our trusted readers and partners for giving Global Voices strength and ability to continue moving forward.
Since 2004, we have helped write the world's biggest stories.
We have published nearly 100,000 articles, and created special coverages aimed at empowering vulnerable communities to use digital media and fight online rights, including creating a community of translators who translate more than 51 languages.
Without you, it wouldn't be Global Voices.
Help us to complete 15 years.
We all mean we need your help.
The donations from individuals help us protect our freedom and allow us to make difficult decisions to grow and change.
Please support us today!
Change now!
Transporters crossed the border between Ghana and Togo, West Africa, on January 25, 2016.
Photo by Enock4seth via Wikimedia Commons, CC BY-SA 4.0.
African leaders have made a quick decision to deal with the virus.
The African Center for Disease Control (ACDC) created a team for HIV-19 on February 5, before the continent had seen a single disease.
Today, Africa is currently the lowest affected country in the world with a total of 1,093,048 HIV positives and the most exciting one is 1,031,905 patients reported to have died, according to Africa CDCP.
This region has less than 5 percent of the cases reported around the world and less than 1 percent of all deaths reported around the world.
Now, if African countries led by the African Union are enforcing the restrictions on the virus and preparing to reopen their economy and borders, many governments are using advanced technology.
The creation of unity, of African technology that can monitor the spread and spread of the virus across the continent has led to the use of PanaBIOS, a technology supported by the African Union.
PanBIOS has created a software that monitors content and websites and uses a software to follow people at risk and record samples from origin to roads.
This technology is created by Koldchain, a Kenyan institution, and financed by AfroChampions, a public and private collaboration designed to bring together Africa’s resources and organizations to help improve the development and success of African private sectors.
Ghana is the only country in this hour using the PanaBIOS technology while opening its borders.
PanBIOS ensures that passengers can use samples from other countries to meet the requirements of a border license for their passengers through the application-based PanaBios or by adding a barcode created by the system to their passports.
Medical officers at airports are using a commercial version to verify health records in equal ways for all countries.
The complete protection of data and privacy
The African Union and Africa CDCP encourages members of the community to share a platform based on a web-based platform, PanaBIOS, which will allow the findings across the continent to be shared.
But, health statistics raises a lot of questions about corruption and accuracy of data.
Monitoring by government and surveillance can ignite fear and threaten free citizenship, particularly in a continent where only 27 out of 54 countries have strict security and privacy laws.
Other countries in Africa, such as Ghana, have changed the law to give the president emergency authority to deal with the disaster by calling a mobile phone company to provide personal data for customers such as a data of the customer, a data of the mobile phone, a data of the mobile money transferred and unused, SMS messages, and accounts.
To verify the security and accuracy of data, all tools used by PanaBIOS are in general data.
This data collected is edited for analysis of data, not personal data to target individuals, which will ultimately reach suspects or victims.
To avoid censorship, the African Union, PanBIOS, and its partners must suggest how they should comply with the data protection laws of different countries to protect privacy, ensure data rights and avoid trade.
Now, this initiative has no public safety policy, which explains users the rules of collecting and sharing data.
The challenge is how a fair policy will fulfill different objectives, regional, and regional sections of data protection law such as the African Union Agreement on Internet Security and Personal Data Protection, the South African Development Community (SADC) Regulation on Data Protection, the West African Economic Community (ECOWAS) Regulation A / SA.1 / 01/10 on Personal Data Protection in ECOWAS and the East African Community (ECWAS) Regulation A / SA.1 / 01/10 on Personal Data Protection in ECOWAS and the East African Community (ECWAS) Regulation A / SA.1 / 01/10 on Personal Data Protection in ECOWAS and the East African Economic Community (ECWAS) Regulation A / SA.1 / 01/10 on Personal Data Protection in ECOWAS and the East African Economic Community (ECWAS) Regulation A / SA.1 / 01/10 on Personal Data Protection in ECOWAS and
Technology has contributed to the effectiveness of fighting the virus in Africa
Despite PanaBIOS, some Afika countries have published a response to technology to counter the spread of the virus.
For example, scientists from Sengali have created a vaccine that cost $1 and a 3D vaccine.
Wellvis, a non-profit organization in Nigeria, created a digital scan of the virus, a free online tool to help users assess the risk of being affected by the virus according to symptoms and history of being at risk.
South Africa's government used Whatsapp to respond to common questions about fake stories, symptoms and the treatment of the virus.
And in Uganda, women of the market used the Soko Bustani to sell their products at home with this program, then a taxi to take the product.
Africa’s successful control and control of the spread of the virus has been associated with a young public, the ability to monitor and monitor the dead, and the possibility of having SARS-CoV-2 cells among other Africans.
But, it is clear that innovative technology has contributed significantly to the recovery of the virus, along with leadership at the beginning of the epidemic.
Solomon Zewdu, a deputy doctor and Bill and Melinda Foundation, explained how, in January, while many Western countries stood up, Ethiopia began shooting in AddisAbaba.
Rwanda became Africa's first country to ban normalization on March 21, and several African countries have followed it recently: South Africa implemented a massive ban on normalization when it had 400 cases and two deaths.
(With this number of public figures, Italy had more than 9,000 cases and 400 deaths when it took action.)
In contrast, the number of affected and dead Americans is six times the number of Africans.
Public health experts estimated that the epidemic would affect Africa and the lives of the dead would flood the streets.
Meanwhile, Africa has confirmed otherwise.
This story is based on Factcheck Lab, a Hong Kong-based verification agency, and Global Voices news agency where the author is a member.
On September 22, Chinese news and social media reports mentioned not only as the head of the World Health Organization (SAD), Dr. Soumya Swaminathan, who said Chinese vaccine against the virus has been confirmed to have a positive impact.
These reports and publications cite the source of a minute video broadcasted by China's TV channel in a video-sharing program China Miaopai.
This video shows the speech of SAD director Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus addressing the importance of developing the vaccine for HIV-19, followed by Dr.Swaminathan's remarks.
In a CCTV video, which a short description says WHO's WHO scientist: China's U.S. vaccine has been tested (), this is Swaminathan's report:
As you know, they also have a stable screening program and some of your screenings are ahead of the clinic trials, this is also our interest, we follow it closely.
Some of the volunteers have confirmed their benefits from the continuing clinics.
But Dr.Swaminathan's original speech is republished.
His final sentence, surely, began with a word if, and the background music made it seem like he said it confirmed instead of confirmed.
Dr.Swaminathan's complete statements are the following :
We have been involved in the discussion with China for the past few months because, you know, they also have a strong program to develop their genitals and their genitals are in front of a clinic, this is our interest, so we follow closely.
We’ve had a constructive and open discussion with them and they’ve always reiterated their participation throughout the world as some of their capsules have passed a series of clinics (warnings are added).
So I think about the tensions going on, it is still clear and we fear many countries will laugh.
This statement was made at a non-public SAD Summit on September 21.
The full report of the one and half hour event can be found here.
The conference threatened to submit warnings about a plan that cost 18 billion US dollars to the WHO and other organizations to send the vaccine to the future around the world.
Currently, 156 countries have registered in the program; not China nor America are among them.
As estimated, the CCTVT video, along with the news and publications produced, attracted a lot of sympathy.
The post on Weibo and Daily Economic News has been liked by more than 337,000 people.
Here are some of the most popular comments:
I am so proud of my country.
This is the prize for National Day and Vuli Festival.
You can't imagine China's arrogance.
Welcome to my country.
China has saved the world.
After the investigations confirmed Dr. Dr.'s words were blocked, the media, including CGTN and CCTV, blocked their social media publications.
Among them is the Chinese Socialist League of Youth, whose petition was written by Twitter user @Emi2020JP before being deleted from Weibo:
Tedros should be treated first.
As @Emi2020JP, many tweeters believed WHO was assisting China with distorting the video, and published Tedros's dismay:
Tedros is a hunger strike!
I will pay Tedros a additional bonus!
Yesterday my mother told me, the news in the country said America will buy a lot of Chinese beans.
I don't want to describe them.They should live in their fantasies.
Good job, from stopping the virus spread to the promotion of candles!
Although Chinese publications have been blocked, translations are still circulating on social media, such as this public post WeChat.
Media based in Beijing in Hong Kong, such as Speak Out HK (and Today Review (), have also published information about the video.
There are about 200 samples of the HIV-positive vaccine across the world, and many of them are written by Chinese libraries.
No one has passed the 3rd phase of testing right now.
Protest against the death of doctor Silvio Dala in Luanda.
Photo by Simão Hossi, CC-BY 3.0
Thousands of Angolans took to the streets to protest on September 12 in Luanda, Benguela and 15 other cities against police brutality.
The protest began after rumors broke about the death of doctor Silvio Dala, 35 years old, who died on September 1 under police surveillance.
According to authorities, Dala left his car from David Bernardino Children Hospital in Luanda, where he is working as the director of the clinic and was suspended by police because he doesn't wear a jacket.
The doctor was taken to the Catotes police station in the neighboring city of Rocha Pinto, and when he showed signs of weakness and starting to die, he fell badly and struck his head and caused a small injury on his head, according to the official police report.
It also said that Dala died while police officers went to his hospital.
The Medical Association rejected the report.
The party's president, Adriano Manuel, told Voice of America (VOA) that there is a controversy in the authorities' documentation that shows that the doctor was killed.
Manuel told the German Voices (DW) that the cause of the death reported by police is not real.
Everyone who is a doctor and has studied a doctor will know that this is not what killed Silvio.
According to DW, a news source from the Ministry of Interior says the investigation was conducted in front of family and prosecution and it was determined that the doctor was not a victim of violence.
The party has said that it will take a legal action.
Meanwhile, the Angolan government has formed a commission in collaboration with the Ministry of Health to investigate the incident.
The organisers do not believe the police report about Dala's death.
The banners used by protesters in various parts of Luanda said: No more killings, you have paid to protect us, you have not paid to kill us, I am Silvio Dala, they have killed Silvio Dala.
There are also demanding the Minister of Interior Eugénio Laborinho to resign.
The protest was organized by the Medical Association in collaboration with NGOs and civil society.
Protest against the death of doctor Silvio Dala in Luanda.
Photo by Simão Hossi, CC-BY 3.0
Protest against the death of doctor Silvio Dala in Luanda.
Photo by Simão Hossi, CC-BY 3.0
Since the beginning of the epidemic in Angola, there have been several cases of police using excessive force during inspections and sometimes causing deaths.
Speaking to Lusa, the dead musician Brigadeiro 10 Pacotes, whose real name is Bruno Santos, asked Lugarinho to resign and also asked the police school to improve its training system.
The police force is a institution that should give people courage, but today the people are unwilling, because they fear when they meet the police, he continued.
Protest against the death of doctor Silvio Dala in Luanda.
Photo by Simão Hossi, CC-BY 3.0
Many shared the protests on Facebook and WhatsApp to protest the incident.
Activist and scholar Nuno Álvaro Dala wrote on Facebook:
The COUNTRY'S POLICE ARE CONNECTED TO THE FALL OF AGENT SILVIO DALA
Photographs are very strong and very sharp.
We must all believe in justice.
The country's police must pay for the crimes they have committed.
Things cannot continue.
On Twitter, Isabel dos Santos, former chair of the board of directors of the Sonangol oil refinery, the daughter of former president José Eduardo dos Santos, said:
#EuSouSilvioDala today announced a peaceful and silent protest by the Sindicato Nacional dos Médicos de Angola (SINMEA), calling on all health professionals, other syndicates and civil society, against the police brutality in memory of Sílvio Dala, 12:30hLargo da Mutamba pic.twitter.com/blRs117IdY
Isabel Dos Santos (@isabelaangola) September 11, 2020
#IamSilvioDala.
On Sunday the Angolan Medical Association (SINMEA) announced a silent and peaceful strike calling on health workers, other parties and civil society workers to protest police brutality as a sign of remembering doctor Silvio Dala, at 6:30 pm in Largo da Mutamba
The title: Angolans entering the streets protesting police brutality and demanding the killings be punished.
Meanwhile, also in Tweeter Alejandro questioned the involvement of social media activists in Angola in the event:
When George Floyd was killed the Angolan Influencers showed their support to the Black Lives Matter movement, but with the death of Angolan doctor Sílvio Dala these brothers influencers do not do anything about the loss!
Ale Alejandro (@AlejandroCutieG) September 7, 2020
When George Floyd was killed, the Angolan activists on social media expressed support for the Black Life Process, but in the death of Angolan doctor Silvio Dala, they don't do anything about the tragedy!
Hachalu Hundessa interviewed with OMN via Firaabeek Entertainment / CC BY 3.0.
Editor's note: This is a two-part analysis on Hachalu Hundessa, a popular Oromo musician whose murder sparked religious and ethnic violence because of false information shared on social media.
Read Part 2 here
Ethiopian singer Hachalu Hundessa gained popularity for his creative and talent to spread the word about Oromo people.
He was killed in the streets of Ethiopia's capital Addis Ababa on June 29.
The night at 3:30 p.m., when Hachalu climbed on his car, a man named Tilahun Yami walked to his car and shot him on his head.
He was rushed to a near hospital where it was officially confirmed that he died.
It was later discovered that the bullets damaged his internal organs.
The police head of Addis Ababa reported that two accused have been arrested.
After a few days the government authorities sentenced the murderers and their two agents.
In his death, the country has entered a difficult time to tackle the following violence.
The fact is that Hachalu's murder was not clearly revealed and its consequences, rumors started to circulate after politicians and activists focused on the conflict between Oromo and Amahara, the largest ethnic groups in Ethiopia.
On his funeral day, mourners took to the streets of Addis Ababa and other cities surrounding Oromo.
The next morning Oromia Media Network (OMN), where Hachalu held his last interview, broadcasted live broadcasts on TV and also on social media and showed when his bicycle was taken from Addis Ababa to their home in Ambo.
The controversial announcement turned into an arena of conflict between government authorities and opposition leaders, with the question of where Hachalu and OMN was forced to return to Addis Ababa.
Ten people were killed and several injured in Addis Ababa.
The clash led to the arrest of some opposition leaders, including OMN leader Jawar Mohammed and opposition leader Bekele Gerba who were charged with inciting violence.
The tension erupted further after the government forces returned Hachalu's body and took him to Ambo via helicopter, where both sides continued to fight for their family's dignity.
After that violence and violence followed.
The riots took three days to burn some parts of Oromo and Addis Ababa and the real damages are: deaths of 239 people and hundreds injured, more than 7,000 people have been arrested for causing violence and destruction of valuable assets worth millions of Birr, Ethiopian dollars.
On June 30, the government tried to shut down the internet to stop the spread of violence on social media and continue for three weeks.
Several people were shot down by security forces but some media sources including Voice of America and Addis Standard reported that a group of angry people from the Oromo ethnic group attacked people from different ethnic groups, in the southeast of the Oromo city, targeting the families of non-Muslim and non-Muslim in the region.
The most violent violence was in a region with a mix of Amahara-Oromo people and religion may have played a significant role because of the understanding that: the South Eastern Oromo community is recognized by the diversity of Islam and the use of Afan-Oromo language.
One farmer in the area said that we thought Hachalu was a Muoromo after watching live broadcasts showing Hachalu's funeral activities following the traditions of Tewahedo Ethiopian Church.
According to reports, most of the victims were Amhara Christians, Oromo Christians and Gurage people.
One suspect said that the groups burned and burned property and committed the murder by cutting their heads and feet.
Reporting of the Conversation
While news about Hachalu's murder was only circulating, the diaspora news source linked Hachalu's death to the final interview he conducted with the OMN television station headed by Guyo Wariyo, which was aired one week before Hachalu was killed.
During the interview Gayo returned to ask Hachalu questions about his support for the ruling party and repeatedly asked him when he responded.
Hachalu refused to support the ruling party but also criticized the conflict and tensions in Oromo political parties, showing his freedom of speech as a musician, which made him a target of online attacks until his death.
Guyo however asked Hachalu about the historic abuse committed by Oromo people by King Menelik II who created the current Ethiopia.
Hachalu surprised many listeners when he said that Menelik's statue in Addis Ababa was the property of a Oromo farmer named Sida Debelle, and Menelik took the statue.
The response attracted a lot of congratulations and criticism from many people on Facebook and Twitter.
When Hachalu was killed a week later many Oromo communities outside the country felt that Hachalu's criticism of Menelik II inspired supporters of the kingdom and caused his murder.
On social media, people reacted to what Hachalu said against Menelik, and this led to a widespread spread of false information.
The other part of the interview contains information about tensions and conflicts within the oromo community.
In all the interview Guyo covered Hachalu about the political changes in the country and about the anti-government movement by asking questions about Prime Minister Abiy Ahmed, who is a Muoromo and that if the government has fulfilled the demands of the Oromo people since he came to power in 2018.
Hachalu reaffirmed that he was not involved in Oromo politics but criticized all who criticize Abiy's patriotism.
He defended his position against the main opposition leaders linked to Tigray People's Liberation Front (TPLF), which has been close to the legendary Ethiopian People's Revolutionary Front (the EPRDF).
The TPF turned into a opposition party after Abiy destroyed EPRDF.
Hachalu also spoke about the political violence in the Oromo region accusing both government authorities and the rebels of the right-wing Oromo Liberation Front (OLF) who are also known as OLF-Shane.
Following Hachalu's murder, the government took a 71-minute documentary and broadcast it to the public.
The banner includes a message of Hachalu's threats to death from the West of Oromo, where OLF-Shane militants are operating their operations.
Hachalu said he believed he would not be attacked online if he attacked OLF-Shane.
He directly spoke about the conflict between Getachew Assefa, Ethiopia's chief security officer during the regime.
Guyo, who announced the interview on his Facebook page calling it a must see a few days before his release, has been arrested by police since then and the government is investigating 71 minutes of the interview to find out the cause of Hachalu's murder.
Read more about the effects of Hachalu Hundessa's murder in Part II.
Image from Guardian YouTube video about women's harassment.
The epidemic has significantly affected women's rights in East and North Africa; from increasing violence in homes to losing their jobs.
But there is a clear place where women are affected, and this is after the erupting of the epidemic and a series of challenges to deal with.
In April, the United Nations announced that there are 2 million cases of hunger strikes which are being threatened over the next decade where it would be expected to prevent if the spread of the virus did not affect the plan and efforts of spreading violence
Destroying includes physical removal or removal of a part of the vagina, or burning a part of the vagina without any connection or myth, according to the World Health Organization (WHO).
This is a religious and religious tradition that has roots across Africa, Middle East and Asia, and is being practiced by traditional clergymen, nurses using candles, candles or bottles.
Attacks also known as cybercrime are believed to be one of the most violent crimes against girls and women, and are still reported very often in the Middle East.
It is estimated that at least 200 million women have been affected.
This is well explained by UNICEF in a video:
In the Middle East and North Africa region, censorship is a problem that primarily affects Egypt, Sudan, Yemen, Iraq and Djibouti.
Carlos Javier Aguilar, a child protection consultant, explains more,
Somalia is reported to have a high number of victims of rape where 98 percent of women aged 15 to 49 have been raped.
In Djibouti, a total of 93 percent have been affected, Egypt 92 percent, Sudan 92 percent, Mauritania 69 percent, Yemen 19 percent and Irak 7 percent according to a report released in June by the United Nations Population Protection Agency (UNFPA).
The situation is different according to ethnicity, ethnicity and even education level in every country and in rural or rural areas.
The spread usually occurs between poorer people or in families that are not educated in rural areas.
In Yemen, censorship has roots in the Peninsula but is only taking place in the north.
In Iraq, the act has spread widely in the north of the Kurdish province.
In Egypt it is more about girls living in the Middle East.
In Mauritania, more than 90 percent of women from the poorest families have been detained compared to 37 percent of women from high-income families.
BREAKING: More Reported Crimes
The size and height of homosexuality will be ignored because of the world's lack of a real representation of homosexuality, according to a joint report from March, approved by Usa Now, Europe's Anti-Corruption Network and American Anti-Corruption Network.
The report confirmed that this culture is growing and is taking place even across the Middle East and Asia, and the world is truly shocked.
Recent research shows that homosexuality is also taking place in Iran, along with all Gulf countries such as Kuwait, the Arab Spring, Omani and Saudi Arabia.
Divya Srinivasan from Usawa Now told Reuters that she was very surprised by the results of the small survey from areas such as Omani and Saudi Arabia where it is usually not the places that you can see in your mind when you are thinking about Occupation
This report was published while the epidemic took place in the Middle East and was not published or translated by Arab media and social media.
The lack of awareness about rape can confirm the idea that rape is not a good thing.
Social stigma
In the Middle East, there are prisons surrounding women's bodies where it is prohibited to discuss secrets such as rape which is affiliated with religious beliefs, religion and culture.
For example, in Egypt Christians and Muslims both believe that sexual harassment makes them more attracted to their expected husbands and protect them from the worst, and women fear that their daughters will not be released if they are harassed, according to a report on Anti-Homosexuality, a campaign which was launched in 2013 to raise awareness about homosexuality and also tell the world that homosexuality is not only in Africa but also in many other Middle East and Asia.
The organization continues to collect more information about homosexuality and has created a tool to collect information that helps one person or groups to conduct a small survey on homosexuality.
People don't want to avoid conversations and accusations of harassment if it happens a news event like the death of a 12-year-old girl who died after being raped in southern Egypt in February, where people talk.
Ghida Hussein, a Egyptian student, told Global Voices that:
Since we don't talk about this, it's like this problem is not entirely resolved.
The evacuation is taking place silently behind the closed doors.
It comes away from educated people in the city where activists and politicians live.
Growth is a hard thing and if the international community provides money and encouragement, you won't see a society based on the male class giving this attention.
Breaking the lines and speaking about harassment makes human rights defenders attacked in hate and hatred languages.
In Oman, feminist activist Habiba al Hinai, founder of the Omani Human Rights Institute, conducted a small survey in 2017 in Omani and found that 78 percent of women were killed.
After publishing his online survey, Habiba received attacks and threats:
I posted the results of the survey online and the response was high.
I have been attacked by religious conservatives who said homosexuality is part of the Muslim ritual.
In Omani, where kidnapping is not officially recognized, there is no security for the victims.
Habiba added this in his report:
How can you tell a man to talk about rape and then suffer all these damages including abuse, divorce, even family or marriage you can separate him from him, maybe even his wife can afford him - if there is no official support.
I don't expect these women to stand up and speak up with courage and confront the society.
Destroying Traffic: Fast, Doesn't Delay
In Yemen and the Arab Union, censorship is allowed only in health institutions, but not in homes.
In Mauritania, there is legal detention but not direct detention.
In Iraq, censorship has been banned in the Kurdish ethnic region, but it is still legal in the northern region of Iraq.
There have been signs of decriminalization.
The next years after the establishment of the Women's Rights Institute, Egypt has rejected censorship in 2008.
Sudan, in a political transition after 30 years of dictatorship, has been the first to arrest censorship in April.
But the implementation of the law is a huge challenge because defamation is still high and acceptance is also high.
Although the law is not a very important tool but they are still unclear.
The countries need a national plan and strategy to be implemented involving police, courts, health care workers, drivers and education to the social community.
A series of disasters and dictatorship authorities have slowed the reforms to block campaigns and financial resources and women's vulnerability.
Now all the world's eyes are focused on the fight against the crisis and its impact on economy and programs that are directly responsible for women in vulnerable situations and providing social services have been suspended or perhaps not a priority.
With many poor families and many young girls being expelled from school or teenager marriages, harassment is like a permanent place in this region.
Photo by Abubakar Idris Dadiyata, used with permission from The SignalNg.
Abubakar Idris Dadiyata, a prominent scholar and critic of the Nigerian government was taken home on August 1, 2019, in Barnawa near Kaduna, northwestern Nigeria.
One year after his murder, Dadiyata has not been found.
Abubakar Idris (Didiyata) was released from his home in Kaduna, Nigeria.
His genitals are still unclear.
His family and friends want answers to their questions which are: where is @dadiyata?
Abubakar is a victim of missing #DayOfDeath #StopDadiyata.
Dadiyata was a student at Dutsinma Public University, in the district of Katsina.
As a member of the People's Democratic Party (People's Democratic Party) Dadiyata has always clashed with members of the ruling All Progressive Congress party on social media.
More: Fear spreads against the kidnapping of a critic of the Nigerian government
All local government institutions and the central government are not concerned about anything
Dadiyata was brutally beaten by rapists at 7pm when she arrived at her home, a year ago on August 1, 2019, reported Premium Times.
Dadiyata's wife Kadija in an interview with BBC News remembered that her husband was speaking with a phone while his car is still running, when she was arrested by the killers.
Although Kadija couldn't hear what was being told or who was talking to him on the phone, she remembers her husband's rapists were following him and came to home.
Dadiyata's wife remained in their bedroom while her husband was taken and left by the rapists.
The worst thing, is that there is no information about Dadiyata.
It's sad, too, how their children continue to repair their lost father, Kadija told BBC.
In search of Dadiyata, Nigerian security agencies have continued to raise any accusations related to his disappearance.
Nigeria's National Security Agency, until January, refused to put Dadiyata in jail.
The National Security Agency says that since Dadiyata was taken home by armed men it does not mean that they are employees of the National Security Agency.
Also Kaduna's state lawyer, Aisha Dikko, refused to know who was or was involved in Dadiyata's rape.
In any way it is contrary to the traditional view of believing that because he was taken from Kaduna, the local government is involved, said Dikko.
However, the lack of responsibility for the National Security and the government of Kaduna province did not remove Dadiyata's wife and two children from her freedom.
A request for Dadiyata's release continues on Twitter with the hashtag #OneYearWithoutDadiyata, a demand for his independence from Nigerians.
Bulama Bukarti complained about the pain that this illegality has caused the Dadiyata family:
It is surprising how Nigerians can easily die such a way.
We must continue to do everything we can to connect Dadiyata with her family.
There is no place for such violence.
They who threatened Dadiyata will come to pay for it.
If it is not now then it must be later.
This Twitter user was shocked when he heard the interview of Dadiyata's wife:
I was shocked to hear Dadiyata's wife interviewing @bbchausa this morning.
The only thing she wants is the rapists to apologize and allow her husband to return to join her family, especially her younger children.
Akin Akíntáyọ doesn't understand how Dadiyata can die without being known for a year:
One question I ask is how Dadiyata and his car lost without a sign for a year in Nigeria; and the government is not worried about it, more than looking for healing instead of taking responsibility for him because he was their target because of his criticism?
The worst is that nobody is interested in finding the critic:
Similarly all state government institutions and the central government are fighting to avoid accusations of doing anything, said Human Rights Activist Professor Chidi Odinkalu in a interview with Vyral Africa:
More than saying they don't know who they are, nobody has shown efforts to tell us what they have done to find him and how they should not be involved.
This shows you how small we are.
What we can do is ask where is Dadiyata and why is our government not interested in him?
Students in Kaduna State, Nigeria.
Photo by Jeremy Weate, January 15, 2010 via Flickr / CC BY 2.0.
A group of armed men attacked a high school in Kaduna, northwestern Nigeria on August 24 and killed one man and beat four students and a teacher, reported online news outlet SaharaReporters.
The men with weapons arrived and attacked Damba-Kasaya village in the Chikun district of Kaduna on 8.45pm on motorcycles and were reported to have killed Benjamin Auta, a farmer, according to a news outlet Premium Times.
The armed men went to Prince High School where they killed Christianah Madugu and four students including Favour Danjuma, 9, Miracle Danjuma, 13, Happy Odoji, 14, and Ezra Bako, 15.
His father Happy, Isiaka Odoji, told Daily Trust, Nigerian daily that the rapists are demanding 20 million Naira (about $53,000) to free their children, but they are never able to collect that money.
The students being released were taking their final exams.
Because of the epidemic of the virus, only students who graduated from school were allowed to return to school.
The main government and the province of Kaduna remain silent about the births of these students and their teachers.
It's a Traditional Day in Nigeria
Twitter user Ndi Kato said the event is a tribute to the nation:
Today in the province of Kaduna, children in the secondary school where they were ordered to continue their studies have been kidnapped by armed men.
One person is reported to have been killed, the life of a young man has been extended, and some have left them and maybe we will never see them again.
This should not cost any nation.
But it's still a normal day Nigeria slammed Twitter user Chima Chigozie:
Some students have been taken to Kaduna, one of the men was killed during the incident.
The child's life has been changed, this should have shocked the nation, but NO, this is a normal day in Nigeria.
Jaja blames politics for causing public anger and anger against the student abuse:
Prisoners in Kaduna will not receive the support of Chibok girls because first they are female and secondly Goodluck Jonathan (GEJ) is not president.
Goodluck Ebele Jonathan (GEJ) was President, when 276 girls from a government school were kidnapped by Boko Haram rebels, from North East of Chiboko in April 2014.
The murder resulted in a globally circulating process with the hashtag #WeAreOurGirls shared by millions of netizens online.
More: Nigerians Celebrate the return of 82 Chibok girls in Boko Haram
On February 19, 2018, Boko Haram killed 110 girls from a science and technical school in Dapchi, northern Nigeria.
Read More: Women kidnapped by Boko Haram in Nigeria suspected dead
The kidnapping of Damba-Kasaya students and their teacher is a tragic incident.
The only difference is that now those who are responsible for this tragic event are not Boko Haram but armed terrorists.
The genocide of Kaduna
Criminal violence erupted in northern Nigeria in Zamfara, Kaduna, Niger, Sokoto, Kebbi and Katsina.
ACAPS, a free humanitarian organization, confirmed that the violence is not related to Boko Haram in the North East:
The illegal violence began as a conflict between farmers and farmers in 2011 and expanded between 2017 and 2018 including slaughter of animals, stealing for money, rape and murder.
Since March 2020 more than 210,000 people have been domestic refugees.
Rural communities are still living under the influence of genocide where between January and June this year have been killed at least 1,126 people from North Nigeria.
South Kaduna's villages are the most attacked areas where a total of 366 people have been killed in the first half of the year, said the International Organization for Human Rights.
Chikun LGA, the home of the detained students has been subjected to attacks from militant groups which have been plagued by murder and death and 45 communities have fled their home in 2019, according to a report from the South Kaduna People's Union.
South Kaduna people claim that the killers are Fulani tribes who are planning to steal land, assisted by the authorities and the state.
But Kaduna's governor Nasir El-Rufai rejected the illegality as a result of a planned destruction of land or desecration of religious ideology.
On August 22, Kaduna's government ordered people from entering the house from 6:00 pm to 6:00 pm, which in some areas is believed to be part of the government's plan to end the illegality.
However, the spokesman of the South African People's Union, Luka Binniyat, complained that hunger also kills us because people don't go to their homes, our people are completely uncertain.
Poet Henry Swapon and lawyer Imtiaz Mahmood.
This link is a collection of their photos widely circulated on social media.
Two people were arrested on May 14 and 15 for posting their comments on their Facebook pages.
The arrest raised questions among the community on social media.
The arrest of poet Henry Swapon
On May 14, poet and journalist Henry Swapon was arrested in his home in Barishal, South Bangladesh.
He has been accused of violating Bangladesh's Cyber Security Act
As a member of a small Christian community, Swapon was initially accused of him and his brother Alfred and Jewel Satkat of insulting the religious sentiments of Muslims and Christians on social media.
Bangladeshi poet and editor Henry Swapan was arrested under a cyber security law!
#BookFreedom #bangladesh #bangladeshiblogger #FreedomOfExpression pic.twitter.com/MGoCec2nsR
According to Dhaka Tribune, Swapon posted a statement on his Facebook page criticizing Lawrence Subrata Howlader, a Catholic Bishop in Barishal Church.
The priest chose to perform a cultural event in one of the Catholic churches on April 22, 2019, just one day after the terrorist attack in Sri Lanka.
Swapon thought that the Archbishop would announce the festival by respecting the lives of hundreds of people who died in the attack.
Other Christians denounced the language he used to the Pope and even threatened him to kill him.
Swapon has been widely speaking online denouncing all kinds of corruption and corruption in their city.
Swakrito Noman wrote on Facebook:
In Bangladesh, the strategy of attacking activists for insulting religious sentiments has become a common practice for Muslim leaders.
Now we see even the non-Christians have started using this method.
I think those who hate such criticism are mentally ill.
The government should organize the treatment of these patients.
We denounce the arrest of poet Henry Swapon and want him to be immediately released without any restrictions.
The arrest of lawyer Imtiaz Mahmood
On the morning of May 15, police arrested a high court judge and journalist Imtiaz Mahmud under Article 2017 of the non-existent, Information, Communication and Technology Act where one citizen, Shafiqul Islam, complained that Mahmood's Facebook publications have damaged his religious sentiments and triggered crime in the South East of Chittagong, Bangladesh.
Imtiaz Mahmood received a bail for a while the case was first filed but Khagrachhari court issued a retrial against January 2019.
Mahmood contributed to his comment during the ethnic violence that happened after a Bengali motorcade was killed in Khagrachhari, causing a group of Bengalis burning several homes and shops of residents of Rangamati in Chittagong.
The local sources told Dhaka Tribune that police did not take any action to stop the incident.
Thousands of such charges were filed from 2013 to 2018, when the Information and Communication Act was changed by the Internet Security Act.
Bangladesh harass social media.
Police have conducted a second arrest in two days under the Cyber Security Act.
Journalist Imtiaz Mahmood was arrested under the Ministry of Information and Communication on Monday morning.
#FreedomOfExpression #ICTLawhttps://t.co/eH8H38unCr
Journalist Meher Afroz Shao wrote on Facebook:
He loves the mountains and people who live there.
He writes about their rights.
I have never seen insulting words in his writing.
There is something wrong. There are a lot of mistakes.
I believe the mistakes will be resolved quickly.
PS: I've seen a lot of posts on Facebook that have racist and discriminatory elements in it.
If they are charged today, will the arrest warrant be issued immediately?
Many netizens have denied the arrest, demanding that the law be removed.
Bangladeshi immigrant Leesa Gazi tweeted:
It is absolutely shameful.
The Bangladesh government is not able to ensure public safety but it is trying to arrest people under the draconian Interior Security Act which is contrary to Bangladesh's constitution.
https://t.co/1sFKY10OPV
Journalist Probhash Amin wrote on Facebook:
After poet Henry Swapon, lawyer Imtiaz Mahmood (was arrested).
Freedom of expression has been blocked.
I want all evil laws to be enforced.
I want freedom of expression.
I want Henry Swapon and Imtiaz Mahmood to be released immediately.
Despite showing that the law would restrict freedom of expression, Bangladesh's parliament passed the Cyber Security Act in September 2018.
The law replaced another controversial Media and Technology law, which was also used as a tool to silence critics on the Internet.
The law punishes some online conversations ranging from insulting messages to insulting messages and religious values including a high fine.
It also allows long-term prisons for cybercrimes to cause violence in the society and by collecting, distributing and storing information and critical government documents through digital services.
The Bangladesh Editors Council said that the law is contrary to the constitution's freedom of speech, press freedom and freedom of expression.
Read more: Bangladeshi Free Expression activists say one Digital Security Act is aimed at harassment
The law gives a huge authority to law enforcement agencies to initiate investigations for anyone whose activities are allegedly threatening and threatening security.
Khartoum, Sudan.
Photo by Christopher Michel from Flickr under CC BY 2.0.
After the Sudanese coup, Sudanese transitional authorities have signed a peace agreement with The Sudan Revolutionary Front, the main rebel group that has continued to function even after the removal of its former leader Omar al-Bashir last year.
The historic peace agreement was signed on August 31, in Juba, South Sudan where it is supported by both traditional and international groups such as the Croatian, European Union, Egypt and some Gulf countries.
It is also plagued by a historic flooding season that has affected some parts of Sudan, resulting in a continuing weakening economic growth.
However Sudanese netizens are still celebrating the news online.
Danish blogger Waleed Ahmed wrote:
Today we are volunteering, back home.
The video shows the Sudanese Liberation Movement (SLMAA) led by Minawi announced to put weapons under fire on December 16, 2019, to support the revolutionary movement.
mini Arko Minawi, leader of the SLMA, wrote:
mini Arko Minawi.
Yesterday's signature will put Sudan in a new direction, in parties and people of Sudan, NGOs and social movements in collaboration with friends and region.
We must create a strong platform for our new history.
Sudanese Prime Minister Abdalla Hamdok welcomed peace agreement saying:
I send peace that we have signed today in our Sudanese nation to our children born in exile and in camps, to fathers and mothers who wish their villages and cities waiting for the glorious December revolution, the promise of return, the promise of justice and the promise of development and security.
The agreement guaranteed the freedom of self-rule of rebel groups in the areas they occupy under the control of the main government.
The agreement will ensure that one-third of the parliamentary seats are people from rebel areas to submit their demands and concerns.
The agreement also guarantees justice and equality for those who were charged by the previous administration mostly Muslim or non-Arabic.
This is not the first peace accord in the history of Sudan.
Some netizens said peace agreements are a normal transition in Sudan and cannot bring peace or peace.
Inbal Ben Yehuda wrote:
The event that happens once every 5-9 years is not a historical event, it is just a cycle.
Abuja Peace Agreement 2006
Doha Peace Agreement 2011
Juba Peace Agreement 2020
Best to wait before celebrating
The agreement has not been completed
Despite this tragic event, two rebel groups have not signed these agreements. The slma group, led by Abdul Wahid al-Nur, and the Southern Sudanese Freedom movement (SPLM-N), led by Abdelaziz al-Hilu, all volunteered because of the unanswered questions about the military system and national identity.
Three days after the signing of peace agreement Sudanese Prime Minister traveled to Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, to meet with al-Hilu to discuss the conflict according to the Sudanese solution
On Tuesday, Prime Minister Abdallah Hamdok held a secret meeting with Abdel Aziz al-Hilu in an attempt to break the barriers in the peace talks held by the South Sudan government.
The meeting resulted in the signing of a contract that will ensure the respect of the peace accord in Juba.
Sudan's social media flooded with a copy of the agreement written in English, focusing on the 3th section on religion and national issues:
The democratic nation must be removed from Sudan.
For Sudan to be a democratic nation where all human rights are respected, the constitution must have a principle of equality and nationality where individual rights should be respected.
Freedom of believing and practicing and religious activities will be granted to all Sudanese citizens.
The government does not have a national religion, there is no person elected because of his religion.
Sudan's citizens are divided into two groups on this issue: the first considers that separating citizenship and religion is fundamental to human rights; the second considers that the transitional government does not have the authority to decide on the issue without the consent of the public through democratic elections.
After the meeting, the Prime Minister's Twitter page published a copy of the contract in Arabic where its content was different from those in a English-language version.
While in English the attention is given to show that it is not possible to divide religion and nationality, in the Arab version suggests discussions on this controversial issue.
The difference in these two versions has raised many questions about the future of the agreement.
History, History Crisis
While peace brings joy in Sudan, Nile River continues to flood leading to unexpected human disasters.
According to a September 8 report by the National Security Council, the floods have killed 103 people, injured 50, animals 5,482, 27,341 houses have been destroyed and 42 210 houses have been destroyed, government and private buildings have been damaged, shops and warehouses 359 have been damaged and 4,208 crops have been damaged by the floods.
YouStorm on Twitter shared a video comparing the flow of water in Nile on July 16 and August 16:
Flooding on Nile River in Sudan on July 16 compared to August 30 #Sentinel2 North Khartoum.
Created by #EOBrowser @sentinel_hub #Sudanfloods pic.twitter.com/l8LRNBFY9m
On September 3, governor of Sinnar state Ustadhi Elmahi Sulieman announced the risk on his Facebook page:
The water supply of the Nile River this night has been increasing due to heavy rain that has caused the collapse of security walls which are a small pond built on the soil of Singa and Umm Benin, and water has started to flow into the city and residents.
So we are calling on all government authorities and private organizations to come out and help save the people as soon as possible and provide them with food, food and treatment.
The situation is shocking:
In the State of Sinnar | the city of Singa, the situation is awful after the rain broke its barrier to allow water from Nile River to enter the city.
The Sudanese youth from Tuti Island built a barrier to prevent flood water from entering their island.
It was a sad act, Hassan Shaggag told Hassan Shaggag:
These are the people who will build Sudan..and they are now fighting for power.
Sudanese people have a shortage of important necessities such as food, gas, medicine and electricity - after six hours of electricity.
Sudan's GDP is now down 202 percent, according to Professor Steve Hanke.
However, the transitional government has not yet managed to control the market.
Now there is a peace promise, what is the government's plan to improve the lives of the people?
Student leader Jutatip Sirikhan covered in black as a sign of a strike after his release.
Photo and explanation from Prachatai
This post is from Prachatai, a free media source in Thailand, edited and published by Global Voices as part of a content-sharing agreement.
Thailand's National Student Union President Jutatip Sirikhan was arrested on September 1, because of participating in the massive protests on July 18.
Jutatip was arrested in a car heading to school at the Thammasat campus of Tha Prachan in Bangkok.
He entered his Facebook page at 04:50 a.m. on September 1, when civilians stopped his car and showed him a warrant.
Jutatip was sent to lSamranrat police station.
The police officer took him to the station in another taxi because he didn't feel safe to ride a private car they came with and the officers who came to arrest him.
He continued to be active on his Facebook page, reading the article Basic Knowledge translated into Thai by Thomas Paine.
He was sent to the Bangkok criminal court and received a bail and was released at 10.20pm under the supervision of a lecturer from the university of Thammasat.
The court did not demand him to pay immediately 100,000 baht (approximately $3,91) for a bail, but he was given a guarantee that he would not return to the charges he was charged with, and these guarantees were given to everyone arrested and released.
Jutatip is the 14th activist arrested for participating in the massive protests on July 18.
15 other participants of the protest have received calls and report to Samranrat police station to hear their charges on August 28.
Jutatip was charged with violence, violating the Penal Code and the Anti-AIDS Act, as well as other charges.
Jutatip came to the criminal court after he was released and held a short press conference.
The colour can be cleaned, but we cannot clean the dust
I didn't want to leave since then.
I knew I had an arrest warrant
And I have been waiting for arrest for a long time, but it didn't happen until today.
Every time a person is arrested must be made bad words that we did not protest peacefully.
I am a student and I have been affected by the police for months, for years.
Why is there no compensation for me?
Why should there be a fine for only the police who are military officers?
Should be a call first, but what happened was that the police came with a warrant to arrest me directly.
It is a high shame for a student.
They received me by monitoring my phone calls from where I live.
They took people to my house, my family and sent me a warrant to arrest me so we have to stop our protests.
Everything is according to the constitution.
We pay our taxes, we must be treated by the government not by the government.
So today, I explained that we can do this.
We must stand for our rights and freedom.
Painting is also something that can be done.
Then Jutatip took a red shirt on his face and holding his hand on his head and holding three fingers on the Confederations Cup.
He said that black represents equality and justice, and they demand justice.
We show that this is right, this is a sign that we can do.
Even if it is a rainbow today, it is a way to show that we can rainbow at any time.
We can punish those who have authority because they arrest us and shoot us at any time without a doubt, because they have authority.
The colour can be enhanced but the noise cannot be enhanced.
After that, Jutatip thanked the lecturer who gave him a bail and the people who came to support him and helped the crowd clean the graffiti that stood in front of the court.
We will not stop fighting until we make everything, including the constitutional reforms and the new constitution, said Jutatip.
Screen capture from YouTube, by VideoVolunteers.
This post was originally written by Grace Jolliffe and originally published by Video Volunteers, a global network winning a prize and its headquarters in India.
The edited version is published below as part of a content-sharing agreement.
While India is going through a seven-term electoral process divided into seven phases from April 11 to May 19 to elect its seventh Lok Sabha, some Indian voters have faced unusual charges for boycotting the elections.
Read More: All you want to know about India's presidential elections
In Goa, South Indian state, residents of a small village in the province of Cancona (part of the district), Marlem village refused to vote on April 23 in the third round of the general elections alleging that the government has been the problem in their village.
Their main concerns are that important needs and services such as good roads and clean water services have never been provided by the government.
Social media presenter Devidas Gaonkar, a native of the Goa tribe called Velip, shows the villagers' speech:
In this video, Pandurang Gaonkar, a resident of Marli village said that:
From Tirwal to Marlem are only three kilometers but they are not complete.
Since today no action has been taken by the authorities.
They only give false promises, no implementation.
And because of that, we have not voted.
Residents of Marlem Village have been living in the village for over 20 years now.
In 1967, the forest department declared Marlem village as a safe haven for elephants.
This makes the construction of roads or any development work in this area difficult to implement.
According to reports, the plan to install a reliable power plant to reach the area was approved but was blocked recently due to criticism from the National Park Authority.
The other source of the frustration of local residents is the lack of good roads.
A person must travel from the main road 2.9km away in a bad road that is not well maintained so that he can find his first home in Marlem village.
Finally, the delivery of electricity and clean water to villagers has remained a challenge for villagers.
Despite making their complaints public, but they have not received a response to their demands, Marlem residents and residents from two other villages decided not to vote to draw attention to the authorities against their complaints.
The electoral commission workers came to talk to us about our decision to not vote and our position is there, added Pandurang.
Isidore Fernandes, a opposition leader from the Indian National Congress, who is a member of the parliament in Cancona, also met with local residents.
After listening to their concerns he assured him that he will help solve the crisis.
It is important for any government to build roads, provide electricity and water for their people.
Since then all government officials have stopped providing these services in Marlem village, Fernandes said.
Ignoring the elections has now been a form of a strike, although voting is not required in India.
Similar to Goa villages, villages in the Central Madhya Pradesh, West Maharashtra, and East Odisha have been using this tactic to get their important matters to the authorities.
However, none of these strikes have been taken into account by the government.
Many voters have started to use this tactic as a sign of their anger to politicians and government officials who ignore the communities they persecuted during the election in hope of winning their votes, failing to fulfill their promises after the election.
But finally, if boycotting elections will not change the society, what will the communities decide to do to get the attention of the authorities who need to hear their voices and take action?
Journalist Amade Abubacar.
Photo: caiccajuda/Youtube.
Journalists Amade Abubacar and Germano Adriano, who were arrested earlier this year while collecting news of a military conflict in the north of Mozambique, were released without charge on April 23, 2019,
Amade, who has been contributing to news sources including Zitamar News and A Carta, was arrested on January 5 while interviewing domestic refugees from Macomia district in the Northern Province of Cabo Delgado.
Germano, a journalist for Nacedje community radio, has died since February 6 and was found jailed on 18 February.
According to reports from the South African Media Authority (MISA), Amade and Germano were charged with spreading rumors of insulting some members of the Mozambique National Army on their Facebook pages where they announced the beginning of violence in Macomia villages.
The journalists were freed from Mieze prison in Pemba, headquarters of Cabo Delgado and are under investigation while waiting for a trial in a local court in Cabo Delgado.
The case is scheduled to be heard for the first time on May 17.
Since 2017, armed groups such as bullets have been attacking villages in Cabo Delgado, burning houses and killing residents.
More than 90 people have been killed since the beginning of the attack according to police reports.
Since today no group has been publicly involved in the attack.
In December 2018 the A Carta de Moçambique reported the presence of a Facebook page, which seems to be a fake name, which describes the attack of armed groups in Cabo Delgado.
It is not known whether the charges against Amade and Germano are related to the page.
The journalists' advocacy team says there is no connection between the page or other illegal activities on Facebook.
The charges against these journalists have been plagued by many doubts.
After Amade was detained, police detained him under the protection of the National Police.
He was transferred to a military prison where he spent 12 days without any communication and then transferred to a civil prison.
The journalists were only charged on April 16, a 90 day irregularity, contrary to the Penal Code of Mozambique, in Abubacar's case.
In the continuation of the case during their detention period, all journalists were accused of stealing government secrets on social media and inciting society through digital means.
The charges are contrary to the initial charges against them, which MISA translated as spreading a message of insulting some of the Mozambique's civil military leaders through a Facebook page that triggered attacks on local villages in Macomia.
In the 106 days in prison, Abubacar experienced food shortages and medical care, according to Amnesty International.
His family told @Verdade that they were not allowed to visit Abubacar during his detention period.
What happened to these journalists is part of the continuation of violence against media workers in Northern Mozambique.
Independent investigative journalist Estácio Valoi was arrested in December 2018, also in Cabo Delgado for legal reasons.
He was later released without charges, but his technical equipment remained in the hands of the army.
The Right to Justice
Cídia Chissungo, a activist and supporter of the #AmedeAwekweHuru campaign, celebrated the news saying:
#AmadeAbubacar and #GeramanoAdriano are finally RIGHT after being detained for 4 months.
We really celebrate but we will never forget how everything started.
We have always said that journalism is not a crime.
Thank you for support in
Angela Quintal, director of the Committee to Protect Journalists (CPJ), Africa said:
Now it is to ensure the charges are removed and #AmadeAbubacar can continue his writing career without fear of arrest.
The fact is that he has been detained without charge for 106 days before the bail, not the good thing he was doing.
He should not be punished!
Photo of Iranian Revolutionary Leader Imamu Khomeini on the wall of a building in Sanandaj, in Iran's capital city Kurdistan, is seen through a window.
Photo by Jordi Boixareu.
Copyright Demotix
Global Voices co-founder Ethan Zuckerman describes them as a bridge for people who love to share their home culture with people from other communities.
This idea was created through a system that has roots in Global Voices and describes the work and culture of the community.
As our work aims to bridge the gap between foreign views on Iran and the realities inside the country, Global Voices Iran has started a series of interviewing Iranian author and journalists who will do so.
This workshop will be held to understand how and how these people worked through explaining the outside Iranian community about Iran and the difficulties and controversies that exist in explaining it.
Golnaz Esfandiari: I think the use of social media in Iran and its benefits are growing
Golnaz Esfandiari is a leading presenter at Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty, and one of the few journalists who have focused outside Iran writing in English about the challenges and challenges of the Iranian society and politics.
Photo used with permission of Golnaz Esfandiari.
Read more: Interview with Golnaz Esfandiari, a Hungarian journalistic platform
In an interview with Global Voices, he said:
I think the use of social media in Iran has grown and its benefits are also growing.
Government officials admit this and I also see many people in the country using social media.
I think that since 2009, social media has grown exponentially.
Some Iranians told me they joined Twitter after reading about the claims of Iran's Twitter Revolution.
Social media helps conversations and share content that has been rejected or seen as insulting and people are discussing in transparency.
They also criticize government policy and views on social media.
Kelly Golnoush Niknejad: You should be a journalist, psychologist, professor and a reader of people's thoughts
Iranian media investors Kelly Golnoush Niknejad, founder of the Tehran Institute, a news source affiliated with The Guardian, where he writes about Iran and foreigners.
His project is one of the leading sources that provides different perspectives on the country in political, cultural and people's issues.
Photo by Kelly Golnoush Niknejad and used with permission.
Read more: How Tehran Institute Kelly Golnoush Niknejad connects Iran to the West.
In the worst view Iranian people have against Iran, he explained:
When it comes to Iran, I find myself always going back to 1979 and describing the changes that happened a decade after a decade to bring the meaning of this time.
It sometimes becomes difficult for Iranians to understand what is going on in Iran now without being Iranians.
This shows how important it is to cover Iran, put it in a special context of the normal life.
When we come to the country by providing only knowledgeable professionals it is not a fundamental or important thing for us as journalists.
That’s why even the most diligent people who watch the news don’t understand the fundamentals of Iran.
It is true if they follow the reports from Tehran Institute then they will have a different view.
I Ansary: I believe women will be at the forefront of any change in Iran
Nina Ansary is author of God's Prophet: Untold Stories About Women in Iran, the first book to write about the equality of women in politics from the late 19th century to now.
The point of the book of the Prophet of God
The book explains how women have managed to build the current Iranian history and continue to do so, as they continue to work and enforce basic principles of their rights and equality in communities that have been inhumane.
Read more: Interview with Iranian Women's Rights activist Nina Ansary at a Day of Change in the country
Ansary said she had a positive view of Iran's future and the role of a woman in her:
And it was because I saw their military presence.
And this is because women activists didn't get the right answer: women were not allowed to be judges but are now used as assistant judges.
Women were not allowed to study some of the fields, but for years they have managed to reach out to other fields that were more masculine, such as healthcare and engineering.
I certainly see positive things, but I believe women will be the frontline for any change in Iran.
Saeed Kamali Dehghan: They see Iran as a picture of black and white but Iran is not.
It's like a flood wave.
With over 800 posts on Iran, Saeed Kamali Dehghan is the first The Guardian author who volunteered to write about Iran and is one of the few Iranians employed by a major English news company.
Photo used with permission of Saeed Kamali Dehghan.
His many reports are about human rights violations in Iran, but as he said in a phone interview, the main problem for the Moroccan media is that they see Iran as a black and white picture but Iran is not.
Iran is like a Rainforest, spreading colors
Read more: Saeed Kamali Dehghan covering Iran in The Guardian
In the difficulties of writing a country that he is physically connected to, Saeed explains that:
As an Iranian I have my feelings about the country, but when I write about it I try to stay a little away to avoid prejudice.
But I am allowed to express my views while writing the opposite story and I have been doing something like that.
I wrote about why Canada understood Iran badly and this led the former foreign minister to accuse us on his Twitter account of being used by Iran's authorities.
I have been attacked by some people who have been accusing me of being employed by Iranians and others have been accusing me of working in the UK.
I believe this is a sign that I am doing my best.
Omid Memarian: Turning your anger into something to build and not taking personal things personally is art
Omid Memarian, a Iranian journalist living in New York.
Omid Memarian is a well-known Iranian journalist and now works in the US and has been covering Iranian news in both English and Jewish.
Our conversation wanted to know the differences in writing about Iran with different languages and his experience as a foreign and foreign journalist.
Read more: Iranian journalist Omid Memarian
Memarian describes his experience writing and reporting in the Iranian social community as follows:
There are still people in Iran who believe to facilitate social communities, political parties and press freedom, the Islamist government can change rapidly from inside.
On the other hand there are other forces fighting to prove that it is not possible and one way is to make the environment so vulnerable that nobody will be able to stay while doing what he was doing.
I encouraged me to continue doing what I was doing, writing and motivating about things I believed I was arrested and detained.
Hooman Majd: Iran doesn't have a unique difference: interesting here is that many people don't know much about Iran.
Now we are in the process of approval of US foreign policy.
Several weeks into the end of Obama's administration, there is a possibility that the US would end its long-term partnership with its long-time enemy, the Islamic Republic of Iran.
In Donald Trump's speech that will be a very harsh and brutal, I think it's time to sit down with journalists and writer Hooman Majd.
His books, articles and publications explain the two aspects of Iran that have widely appeared in the US mainstream media during Bush's period, when violence against the Iranian government became a major symbol in the late 2000s in foreign policy and media attitudes towards Iran.
Hooman Majd has been known as Iran's voice for Western countries.
Majd's photo by Ken Browar, used with permission.
Read more: Interview with Hooman Majd, a bridge between Iran's media and the US.
As a bad view of Iran has given a lesson since his 2008 book that aimed at countering negative views about Iran's society to American readers:
Ahmadinejad was the first to be open to the media, the first source of negative news.
But Iranians with American origin and European origin have written a lot about their culture in recent times, and there are a lot of trips between Iran and America between Iranians with American origin and Iranians.
Now they have a little understanding and there are a lot of books.
Iran is not a unique issue: but what is unique is that many people don't know much about Iran.
Protesters in Rio de Janeiro: Education is our weapon| Photo: Marianna Cartaxo / Mídia NiNJA/Used with permission
On May 15, thousands of Brazilians took to the streets in all 26 states protesting against the Bolsonaro government's taxation of education which will affect hundreds of schools and universities.
In late April, Brazil's government announced the cancellation of 30 percent of what was said to be a budget that was based on water, electricity, general operations and research.
When it comes to the total budget of the government for higher education, the revenue could be up to 3 or 5 percent.
However, the government has refused to grant scholarships to 3,500 high school students who were sponsored by the government.
From Paulista Street in São Paulo, a demonstration center to indigenous farms in Alto Rio Negro, near Colombia's border, people came out to defend public education.
In Viçosa, Minas Gerais, a group of 5,000 people protested with candles and heavy rain.
A satellite image showing a large crowd of protesters in Paulista Street in São Paulo against funding for education and scientific research.#15M #TodosPelaEducação #TsunamidaEducação #NaRuaPelaEducação #MarchaPelaCiência pic.twitter.com/BmHEYBuF9F
https://globalvoices.org/wp-content/uploads/2019/05/WhatsApp-Video-2019-05-15-at-21.0030.mp4
Brazil has 69 public universities and a large number of government universities and all offer first and postgraduate degrees free of charge and some social services such as law offices and hospitals.
Initially, the donations were conducted at three schools but later they were extended to all other schools.
Bolsonaro's education minister Abraham Weintraub said that this is not a donation but a re-use.
Weintraub explained that there are floods because public schools are a part of the damage.
When asked by journalists he describes the damage When he mentioned the presence of massive social gatherings in schools and the presence of nude celebrations.
Weintraub was appointed minister in April after his earlier stay was removed because of being involved in some conflicts.
The new minister has always commented on conservative policy such as drugs were identified in Brazil as a socialism, and wants to reverse the Marx culture in the classroom.
Some university officials have said that the donations could prevent their doors from opening in the beginning of the second term of 2019,
The federal prosecutor's office has released a statement to a lawyer accused of violating the Brazilian constitution.
Rio de Janeiro seems VERY GOOD!
Thousands and thousands are crying in Avenida Presidente Vargas night. entering against the budget of education and science.#15M #TodosPelaEducação #TsunamidaEducação #NaRuaPelaEducação pic.twitter.com/8MIn91crKX
Scientists from the University of Minas Gerais (UFMG) who research WhatsApp groups in Brazil have found a lot of conversations on the app after the announcement of the budget.
The study has created a tool that will monitor WhatsApp groups and will be used widely by a Brazilian investigative organization.
Leading researcher Fabrício Benevuto on May 8 on his Facebook page said :
[Image is part of] images without color/publications/events published because of their titles and topics.
There are photos of naked people at the event (not even in the classroom) and several slogans by protesters saying that it takes 12 years to graduate because they are taking drugs all the time.
This is clearly an intention.
In the same way of the election campaign.
Who endorses this fake news factory?
The article on Ciência na Rua (social science in Portuguese) claims that public universities produce 95 percent of scientific research in Brazil.
A study by a researcher from the US of Clarivate Analytics in 2018 shows that among 20 best research universities, 15 are part of the government network.
On the day of the protest, minister Weintraub was called to explain the budget cuts in the lower House of Congress.
Bolsonaro is an enemy of education
Education is a act of love and compassion#TsunamiDaEducacao pic.twitter.com/sEEOb5wDxz
Later, Bolsonaro was in Texas State in the United States where he met former US President George W. Bush.
When asked about the protests President said:
It's normal (that protests have happened), now, most of the people there are very uncomfortable things.
If you ask 7 times 8, they don't know.
If you don't know they don't know what they do, they don't know anything.
It is a fool and fool who has been used by a few fools who lead several public universities in Brazil.
Ugandan journalist Gertrude Uwitware Tumusiime has experienced a lot of stress while working as a woman journalist in Uganda.
Screenshot from The Other Side: Gertrude Uwitware Tumusiime on YouTube.
In Uganda, women who use digital media to report, comment and get information are faced with attack and harassment because they investigate and publish political content.
Online abuse has become a new tool of control.
Women journalists are carrying a heavy load of sexual harassment online, including threats related to political news.
These threats have prompted women's journalists to leave public discussions and left journalistic expertise more limited to men.
Read More: The cost of being a different opinion: Two social media platforms in Uganda
Joy Doreen Biira, a journalist.
Photo by Wazabanga via Wikimedia Commons CC BY 3.0.
In November 2016, Ugandan journalist Joy Doreen Biira, who worked for Kenya Television Network (KTN) in Kenya, returned home to Uganda for a cultural celebration.
While Biira was with them, Ugandan security forces battled the Rwenzururu army in the western region of Rwenzori, and their palace was burned.
The gun battle resulted in 62 deaths, including 16 policemen.
Biira wrote his feelings about the military attack by posting a comment on Facebook on November 27:
It's sad what I saw today in my own eyes in the kingdom's palace, the Kingdom of Rwenzururu, burning.
I felt like I was looking at the heritage in front of my eyes.
On the same day, Biira was arrested and accused of spreading satirical photos of the violent fighting between security forces and the Rwenzururu royal guards on a WhatsApp group with many members, according to Committee to Protect Journalists (CPIJ).
He also published a Instagram video of the King's palace burning and posted his stories on Facebook, CPJ reports.
Security officials in Uganda were allegedly forced Biira to delete social media posts and his digital devices were blocked, according to Freedom House's 2018 report.
Biira was charged with supporting terrorism by taking videos of a military attack at the royal palace which a punishment is death under the anti-terrorism law if a person is found guilty.
However, one day later, he was released on bail.
Biira's case sparked widespread criticism on social media with hashtags such as #FreeJoyDoreen and #JournalismIsNotaCrime.
The netizen criticized Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni for his manner of silence journalists:
#FreeJoyDoreen President @KagutaMuseveni must stop the tendency to silence journalists.
This is a serious human rights violation in our continent.
Biira's lawyer, Nicholas Opiyo, published a tweet showing the official charges Biira faced:
Joyana's bail warrant charged with helping terrorism (funny!)
#journalism is not a crime @KTNKenya @KTNKenya #FreeJoyDoreen
Opiyo told Global Voices that Biira's case was removed and rejected in March 2017 after the regime conducted investigations and failed to submit charges in court.
Similar to other cases like these, one carries a burden on the soul but feels a sense of anger, lack of justice, and anger, said Opiyo, who is also the director of Chapter Four Uganda, a human rights organization.
Opiyo added that sitting in jail for several days and enduring the pain of torture is a feeling that never comes to anyone.
Attacks online
It is rare for women who are facing online violence to get justice, and it is often difficult to ensure that their complaints are immediately taken into account and investigated.
In April 2017, Gertrude Tumusiime Uwitware, a Ugandan TV host, defended Stella Nyanzi, a scholar who criticized Museveni's administration for not fulfilling the promises of a campaign to distribute bread to poor girls.
The regime forced Uwitware to delete his Twitter and Facebook posts of support for Nyanzi.
He received threats on Facebook and was shot down by unknown people for nearly eight hours, according to the Uganda Human Rights Report 2017.
She was accused of asking her about her relationship with Nyanzi, insulting her and even cutting her hair.
Read more: Is a woman's fertility a bad word?
Women's activist Stella Nyanzi continues to fight in court
Uwitware later was found at a police station in Kampala.
However, the regime has not released any information since today about his detention.
Political journalists especially those who focus on opposition politics often face more threats than those who focus on other issues.
But women journalists have the worst situation because the government believes they are poor and are being treated more easily, according to Mukose Arnold Anthony, Director of Media Security and Human Rights at the Ugandan Journalists Association (UJA), who spoke to Global Voices via WhatsApp on April 3.
When it comes to online sexual harassment, female journalists who refuse to remain anonymous explain that most of them are emotional and emotional, Anthony said.
It happens to women journalists to suffer more psychological consequences, lack of their privacy, lack of their ability to travel, control, and loss of property because of their work, according to the UNESCO study on freedom of expression in Africa published in 2018.
And, according to the 2018, Human Rights Network for Women in Uganda survey, 12 percent of women have experienced violence and abuse, including death threats and arrests.
Three-quarters of women journalists have experienced a violation of rights in the hands of government officials such as police, district chiefs and security officers.
Attacks and harassment
Ugandan journalist Bahati Remmy faced attacks and abuse at work as a woman reporter.
Photo via Bahati Remmy Paydesk account, used with permission.
Bahati Remmy, a Ugandan journalist who is currently working in the US, told Global Voices that she left journalism in Uganda because she felt a loss of interest when she was covering elections in Uganda in 2016.
Ugandan police arrested Remmy while broadcasting a live NBS TV show owned by a private individual to highlight the eviction of opposition leader Dr.Kizza Besigye in Kasangati.
Remmy told Global Voices:
Police blocked the silence while blocking journalists from covering news about Besigye.
Police forced me to put my tears on their car, put my clothes in the parking lot and left me naked in front of camera, according to Remmy.
He was also followed and harassed by police officers on Facebook because the Ugandan government thought he had collaborated with Besigye to change the country.
He told Global Voices that a text message from unknown people appeared on his wall threatening him if he refused to tell him the way Besigye goes from his home.
After Remmy's arrest, Uganda's Human Rights Network organized a referendum to assess the realities of the case.
They asked: Ugandan police alleged that NBS broadcaster Bahati Remmy violated legitimate regulations and blocked police from doing their work so that they arrest him.
Do you agree with this?
Magambo Emmanuel wrote:
It is a false and false reason because there is a video clip showing how Bahati was arrested.
Police should stop sending their problems to journalists.
Davide Lubuurwa wrote:
Any person trying to inform people about the situation of the nation must be arrested.
The big problem comes to Uganda recently.
What disturbs me is that anyone who tries to express a negative statement against the current regime is considered a racist so it is best for Ugandans to protest.
Many women journalists in Uganda have left the work of journalism especially those that criticize the government because of fear of attack and defamation by the regime.
Journalists have explained that governments and security forces call editors and ask them not to publish news that gives the government a negative image.
The attacks are not reported especially by women, which makes it difficult to understand the realities of the problem.
Remmy told the Ugandan government to the Human Rights Commission of Uganda, but until today, nothing happened about his case.
The commission lacks the freedom to decide on those who submit complaints against the government.
His seven representatives, including his chairman, are appointed by the president, with the permission of the Parliament.
They are discriminatory, Remmy said, adding: they have a lot of arguments, and most of the cases they want to hear are those presented by the government.
Many of the threats faced by women online are closely related to violence against them on the Internet.
Remmy believes that the rights, status and dignity of women's journalists should be taken into account all the time because attacks against women harass the general media sector.
When Uganda prepares for presidential and parliamentary elections in 2021, the attack and censorship of women journalists by the government should be avoided because it affects access to information, freedom of expression and democratic rights of Ugandans.
Journalists' freedom is still a child being ignored in the country's system, Remmy told Global Voices.
This post is part of a series called The Code of Identity: a platform to control online threats against freedom of expression in Africa, These petitions question hate speech based on language or ethnic background, false news and abuses (especially against women activists and journalists) in seven African countries: Algeria, Kamerun, Ethiopia, Nigeria, Sudan, Tunisia and Uganda.
The project is funded by the African Initiative for International ICT Policy for East and South Africa (CIPESA).
The roots of trees are located on a 15th century wall in Kilwa Kisiwani, Tanzania.
In 1981, the tombs of the Kiswahili Sultan of the island were declared UNESCO World Heritage Site.
Photo by David Stanley, January 1, 2017, CC BY 2.0.
The editor's note: This personal post was written following a Twitter campaign organized by Global Voices Sub-Saharan Africa in collaboration with the Rising Voices project each week, a linguistic activist participated in a commentary on digital rights and African languages as part of the project, Matriki identity: The cause of censorship of freedom of expression in Africa.
According to the United Nations Organization for Education, Science and Culture (UNESCO), the diversity of languages and cultures is a strategic priority for people around the world in efforts to strengthen unity and solidarity.
This diversity of language and culture prompted UNESCO to declare International Mother Language Day (IMLD) on November 1999, a day celebrated on February 21 every year.
In order to strengthen the IMLD, the United Nations (UN) announced the International Year of Indigenous Language (IYIL 2019, to address the dangers of global extinction of indigenous languages.
Today, there are more than 7,100 languages spoken around the world, 28 percent of which are spoken in Africa.
Despite this, English is leading online in this area.
Six years ago, 80 percent of the world's online content was based on English.
Now, however, English content is reported to be reduced to 51 to 55 percent.
The question, therefore, is: Is the decline implying that people are more interested in their natural language than English, considering that less than 15 percent of the world's population speaks English as their first language?
Kiswahili: Occupy?
Kiswahili is recognized as one of the official languages of the African Union (AU), English, French, French, Spain and Arab.
Kiswahili is also a widely used language of the member countries of the East African Union (EAC).
Rwanda, a member of the EAC, through its lower parliament, passed a decree to make Kiswahili official in 2017 along with Kinyarwanda, French and English.
Despite being used for administration purposes, Kiswahili will be included in the country's education sector.
In Uganda, in September 2019, the government approved the establishment of the National Assembly of Kiswahili.
Uganda's Article 6 (2) of the Ugandan constitution also explains that Kiswahili will be the second official language in Uganda and will be used in the context as the Parliament can impose a law.
In 2018, South Africa, a 11th official language country, introduced Kiswahili as a compulsory subject in its field, from the year of 2020.
In 2019, the South African Development Community (SADC) adopted Kiswahili as the fourth official language of the Community.
Photo courtesy of Global Voices
Photo by Rachel Strohm, September 20, 2019, (CC BY-ND 2.0)
Despite being a widely spoken African language, with about 150 million people especially in East Africa, the coastline, southern Somalia, and other parts of South Africa, the landscape of Kiswahili online is bright.
John Walubengo, a lecturer at the University of Multimedia in Kenya, argues in a post in Nation, Kenya's daily daily, that lack of language and culture online creates a small global perspective.
Walubengo explains that many traditional cultures fail to raise their identity to English.
This sad fact however can only be changed if local communities strive to preserve their identity online and abroad, he says.
However, it is not enough.
There are several organizations volunteering in the frontline to develop and promote Kiswahili online.
The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers
(ICANN), a multi-national organization that regulates the Internet Domains (DNS), IP addresses and independent databases, established International Domains (IDNs), which allow people to use local names in different languages and languages. Probably, they are created using alphabets from different languages, such as Arab, Chinese, or Persian.
These letters are then coded in Unicode and used as allowed by IDN regions, a panel of criteria approved by the Internet Assessment Board (IAB), and its small-scale organizations; the Institute of Technology Workers (IETF) and the Internet Research Commission (IRTF).
The Universal Acceptance Steering Group (UASG)
UASG is a community of academic leaders, controlled by ICANN, which organizes communities online for one billion following netizens.
This is achieved through a process known as the United Nations Acceptance Process (UA), which guarantees that software and web systems are able to deal with all high-level TLDs and emails according to these categories in a clear way and with those in Latin and Latin languages and more than three letters.
UA serves netizens around the world in their native languages and geographic names that recognize their culture.
So, creating a wide range of languages.
ICANNWiki
The non-profit organization, which provides a week-long wiki on ICANN and Internet governance, has long collaborated with organizations, educational institutions and individuals in Kenya and Tanzania.
This has enabled East Africans to build, translate and increase the resources of the Week in their thoughts, language and perspective.
This Kiswahili project which I as a journalist have been able to participate in has widened the gap between Internet governance issues by changing the content of ICANNWiki to promote participation in targeted communities.
Localization Lab
Localization Lab, a global community of volunteer volunteers who are seeking to translate and integrate security guidelines and security devices such as TOR, Signal, OONI, Psiphon.
The technology focuses on security, privacy, and transparency by ensuring that indigenous activists have safe access to information online.
Localization Lab translates more than 60 devices in 180 different languages around the world,
Kondoa Community Network (KCN)
KCN is the first community to test TVWS, a non-standard technology that uses non-standard radio channels within 470 to 790 MHz to address the challenge of rural networking in Tanzania.
KCN teaches villagers to create and become a destination for natural content and their context.
Matogoro Jabhera, founder of KCN and assistant professor at the University of Dodoma, Tanzania, told Global Voices via Skype, that he believes traditional content encourages more foreigners to join online because they can understand their origins [] compared to the current situation when most of the content is in English.
Billions of netizens online
The world expects to connect the next billion users online and 17 million of these users are estimated to be connected online using language as their digital identity.
So, lack of original content could have a significant impact on digital communication.
In particular, it will affect digital rights, access to the Internet, access to information online, and the right to use their native language to create, share, and share information and information online.
So it is important to set up strategies that will continue the development of ICT and services, as well as the use of indigenous languages, to ensure digital communication for all.
This move, supported by innovative efforts such as infrastructure for training and learning, and rural ICT programs, can lead to digital revolutions, and thus promote digital rights of Internet users and reduce the barrier to digital divide.
Finally, this process will end the exploitation, recognition and distribution of all African languages and minority languages online as stipulated in the principles of the African Convention on Internet and Freedom.
The Mantiki Udentification Project is funded by the International Partnership for International ICT Policy for East and South Africa (CIPESA)
TEDGlobal Webspace.
Photo by Flickr user Erik (HASH) Hersman, June 3, 2007.
(CC BY 2.0)
Global Voices, through its Sudanese Sub-Saharan Africa contributors in collaboration with Rising Voices, will run a Twitter campaign as part of a project known as, Utambulisho: a platform to monitor online threats against freedom of expression in Africa, from April 20 to May 22, 2020.
Read more: MatrikiUdentification': A new tool for digital rights in Africa
As a continuation of Journalism to Freedom: Politics and digital rights in Africa, this five-week social media campaign will bring together a discussion organized by @GVSSAfrica including five African language activists, who will explore the difference between languages and digital rights.
The project is funded by the CIPESA Cooperation for International ICT Policy for East and South Africa (CIPESA).
Global Voices is one of the recipients.
The activists will tweet in African languages such as Bambara, Igbo, Khoekhoe, N|UU, Swahili, Yorubá, and French and English.
They can also share their experiences and understanding in a language perspective about the challenges that threaten digital rights.
The conversation will question how the cyberbullying threat affects online content in African languages; the spread of false information in African languages in different languages online and what companies or social organizations are doing about it; the impact of low-price internet access in areas with large African speaking communities; the importance of and challenges of access to information in African digital languages.
They also address the issues of organizational policy, as well as the challenges currently existing that can affect how citizens can express themselves freely in their language.
Join the organisers of the discussion on Twitter
This Twitter discussion will be presented by Denver Toroxa Breda (Khoekhoe/N|u/English) from Africa Kusiki, Adéṣínà Ghani Ayẹni (Yorùbá/English) from Nigeria, Kpénahi Traoré (Bambara/French) from Burkina Faso, Roseblossom Ozurumba (Igbo/English) from Nigeria and Bonface Witaba (Swahili/English) from Kenya.
Some of the participants participated in the online campaign @DigiAfricanLang to celebrate International Language Day.
April 20-24: Denver Toroxa Breda (@ToroxaD)
Denver Toroxa Breda.
Photo used with permission.
Breda, a Kikhoe speaker, a traditionalist or activist, is a writer who fights for the abolition of Kikhoekhoe and kin|u, the first languages in South Africa.
Kikhoekhoe is spoken in Namibia, reads in schools, but in South Africa where it is the focal point, only 2,000 people speak, not officially recognized language, is not in school.
The Kin|uu language has only one speaker, not officially recognized, and in schools, and is at risk of disappearance.
Kpénahi Traoré.
Photo used with permission.
April 27-May 1: Kpénahi Traoré (@kpenahiss)
Kpénahi Traoré was born in Côte d'Ivoire but his origin is Burkina Faso.
He is the head of RFI mandenkan, the Arabic language newsroom at Radio France Internationale (RFI).
It has been a great experience for Traoré to work in Arabic.
Before that, he thought it wouldn't be possible to do journalism in Malagasy.
Kismogo is Traoré's mother's language, although she had a Kidioula language in Côte d'Ivoire and Burkina Faso.
Malagasy call it Kibambara, Guineans call it Kimalinke, others call it Kimandingo.
May 5-8: Blossom Ozurumba (@blossomozurumba)
Blossom Ozurumba.
Photo used with permission.
Ozurumba is also known as Asampete, a name that can be translated from igbo to a good man.
Ozurumba is happy with igbo language and culture and has volunteered to ensure that several people learn to speak, write and read.
Ozurumba is the founder of the igbo community of Wikimedia users and often started a conversation about Wikimedia Foundation without being pressured.
He lives in Abuja, Nigeria, and loves the calm and atmosphere of the city.
May 11-15: Ọmọ Yoòbá (@yobamoodua)
Adéṣínà Ayẹni.
Photo used with permission
Adéṣínà Ayẹni, also known as Ọmọ Yoòbá, is a journalist and cultural activist who uses his journalistic work to promote, and promote the heritage of Kiyorùbá online and abroad.
As a sound artist, he has produced a lot of Kiyorùbá coverage of Nigerian radio campaigns and TVC.
He is the founder of the Yobamoodua Culture Story, a platform that volunteered to spread the language and culture of Kiyorùbá.
Ọmọ Yoòbá is also a language editor for Global Voices Yorùbá.
He is a Kiyorùbá language teacher at tribalingua.com where he teaches students from around the world.
He has also worked with Localization Lab, a global community of volunteer translators and netizens, computer programmers, and translators who work together to translate and restore digital security devices and topics to prevent blocking or blocking internet access.
Ọmọ Yoòbá has written a book called Ẹyà Ara Ẹdá Ọmọ Ènìyàn, a collection of illustrations with names of anatomy and anatomy of human and animal bodies that work in every part of the body.
He is a research participant at Firebird Foundation for Anthropological Research.
May 18-22: Bonface Witaba (@bswitaba)
Bonface Witaba.
Photo used with permission.
Welcome a writer, original content creator and activist, a student, researcher, and a consultant for online governance and policy.
He is the founder of ICANNWiki Swahili, a website that seeks to promote, translate, articles and 10,000 articles of Internet governance to Swahili for 150 million Swahili speakers by 2025.
Witaba also runs a younger project that seeks to develop the skills of students, scholars, and individuals in private sectors and; governments, through technical courses on Internet governance.
Protesters demanding the release of former president Robert Mugabe (who is now dead) from power on November 18, 2017.
Photo by Flickr user Zimbabwean-eyes (Free to use).
On the morning of November 15, 2017, Zimbabweans woke up with news that the former president, late Robert Mugabe, had been released from power in the coup, and was in power in his home, the palace, and his family.
General Sibusiso Moyo, who is currently Minister of Foreign Affairs, announced on national television that the president was safe under the government security and that the situation is in other levels.
Soon after the announcement of General Moyo, Zimbabweans were shocked on social networks such as WhatsApp, Twitter and Facebook to get updates on the situation.
For the first time, the new popularity of social media to provide information and encourage protests has sprung up among Zimbabweans, as protesters entered the streets and supported the withdrawal of Mugabe from power.
The new government, led by Emmerson Dambudzo Mnangagwa, changed the power of social media.
As former minister of state security, Mnangagwa also recognized the importance and role of misinformation in Zimbabwe's political sphere.
In March 2018, to recognize the political powers in front of him and to ensure a victory in the presidential and parliamentary elections in the following year, Mnangagwa ordered the youth of the ruling ZANU PF (Zimbabwe National Union-Patriotic Front) to spread social media and online to harass and attack opposition.
In Zimbabwe after Mugabe, his plan has created a crisis of misinformation and false information, leaving Zimbabweans with only a few reliable sources to get information and know about what is going on in the transition period and protests against the government.
While the new government claimed to denounce fake news on social media reports that they considered threatening the current administration, it also made a conspiracy to mislead the public about how they handled the anti-government protests.
Pride for freedom of expression online
Zimbabwe has experienced a significant increase in the use of internet on mobile and social media in the past few years.
Internet growth increased 41.1 percent, from 11 percent of the population to 52.1 percent between 2010 and 2018, while mobile growth increased 43.8 percent from 58.8 percent to 102.7 percent over the same period.
This means half of the population is now connected to the Internet, compared to only 11 percent in 2010.
However, false information and false information have become a trending topic because of several reasons: widespread media divides, government proposals to restrict social media, limited official communication and poor education among Internet users.
During the protests against the government in January 2019, when government security forces arrested and attacked hundreds of protesters, the news of the attack clashed with the government's claims that it was false or when it denied its presence.
The government blocked access to the internet to block the circulation of information and caused a lot of controversy.
Government leaders and their supporters also used a tactic to mislead information about the protests and raise suspicions in any false information by using the name of fake news.
Traditionally, in Zimbabwe, citizens consider any information given by government ministers as accurate.
For example, Deputy Minister of Information Energy Mutodi came out to convince people that everything was ok and that videos and photos of soldiers patroling the streets were created by few fools.
Mutodi continued to mislead the nation when he claimed on national television that there was no internet access but there was a disturbance on the internet.
In another case accused of false information supporting the government, millions of people were blocked on social media during the January protests.
Others deployed virtual private networks (VPNs) to continue reporting, however reports were circulated that deploying such technologies would lead to arrests, causing fear and anger.
In March 2019, when Human Rights Watch (HRW) published a tweet denouncing the brutal use of the government to control the January protests, government supporters used Twitter to attack the HRW.
One user tweeted that the organization was spreading false rumors and called it a genocide organization designed to pressure innocent countries to pursue US colonial interests.
Another reacted to the government's demands and lamented that the violence was a result of innocents who were trying to steal the president.
And misinformation about government policy and other public interest events continues to spread after the January protests.
Recently, members of the ruling ZANU PF used Twitter to mislead the public about the disappearance of Dr. Peter Magombey, head of the Zimbabwe Hospitals Association (ZHDA).
He was arrested on September 14, 2019, following the announcement of a strike in the health sector.
The ZANU PF Youth Affairs Secretary explained Magombey as a fool and ignorant.
The ZANU PF Patriots account said the reports of his kidnapping were false.
Others spread false claims that doctors killed many patients during the strike, including more than 500 people in one hospital.
Zimbabwe's myths
The media control in Zimbabwe has a roots in the 20th century colonial policy, which was stifled with violence to expose the public in front of political authorities.
The Rhodesian government led by Ian Smith focused on propaganda and censorship as its best tool, not only to support the legitimacy of the government but also to spread false information about the war.
The colonial government passed a large number of laws against freedom of expression or against Smith's anti-apartheid policy and implemented these laws brutally to target freedom fighters.
Media control was a common practice before independence in 1980, and this marked the example of the government in the field of communication and media policy for the years that followed.
As famous South African journalist and journalist Heidi Holland wrote in her book, Dinner with Mugabe: The Untold Story of a Freedom Fighter Who Became a Tyrant:
Many people in ZANU PF have lived in brutality in their daily lives to be seen as normal.
The forest war, or the Second Chimurenga war, has never ended in Zimbabwe.
Today, Mnangagwa continues this tradition, suppressing criticism through fake information and online reading.
This post is part of a series of articles examining digital rights violations through techniques such as Internet blocking and misinformation during important political events in seven African countries: Algeria, Ethiopia, Msumbiji, Nigeria, Tunisia, Uganda, and Zimbabwe.
The project is funded by The Collaboration on International ICT Policy for East and Southern Africa (CIPESA).
Protesters participating in June 2018 Women's March in Kampala, Uganda.
Photo by Katumba Badru, used with permission.
In Uganda, the internet has become a buzz when the government is trying to stop the noise of opposition growing online.
For years, Ugandan authorities have used different tactics to destabilize the opposition and return the ruling National Resistance Movement and President Yoweri Museveni to power.
This includes blocking media sites, spamming SMS and blocking social media platforms.
While Uganda's 2021 general elections are near, leadership leaders are expected to continue these tactics.
Prisoners during 2016 elections
During the 2016 general elections, Ugandan leaders were forced to shut down both social media platforms.
The first arrest was implemented on February 18, 2016, during the presidential celebration, and affected social media platforms and mobile money services.
The detention took four days.
On May 11, 2016, social media platforms, including Facebook, WhatsApp and Twitter and mobile money services were blocked again.
The prison was suspended for one day and was held one day before President Museveni was appointed for his fifth term as president.
Museveni has been in power since 1986.
The opposition against his administration is growing: According to a poll released in April 2019, the majority of Ugandans are against the 2017 decision to remove the 75-year-old criteria for presidential elections, which would allow the 74-year-old president to run for the 2021 elections.
During all the opening events in 2016, the Ugandan government mentioned that the reason was national security to regulate the internet.
The removal was carried out by Ugandan security forces and the Uganda Communications Commission (UCC), which controls the communication sector, online publications, broadcasting (both radio and television), film industry, postal services, email and printing.
On February 18, 2016, MTN Uganda, a mobile phone service provider, released a statement on Twitter confirming that UCC, a mobile phone service provider, had ordered MTN to shut down all social media and mobile money services because of security risks.
The move also affected other mobile operators such as Airtel, Smile, Vodafone, and Africel.
On the same day, President Museveni told reporters that he ordered the shutdown of social media: Actions must be taken for security to prevent many people from entering the chaos, a short time because other people use these channels to say false, he said.
On March 17, in a formal statement during the Supreme Court decision where President Museveni's victory was rejected, UCC director Godfrey Mutabazi explained that he received instructions from the Police General, Kale Kayihura, to shut down social media sites and mobile money services for security reasons.
The prison threatened the rights and daily lives of Ugandans using the internet and social media platforms to access information, commentary and their daily business.
A week before the 2016 elections, Ugandans volunteered to publish and discuss the election using the hashtags #UgandaDecides and # UGDebate16.
The Ugandan online presence was fueled by the first ever television debate, the first one that took place in January and the second, a week later.
Despite the introduction of social media, many Ugandans continued to report on the elections using a private IP address known as VPN.
On the day of the election, citizens were able to participate in the news about the delay in voting machines in various venues, the cases of fraud in the election, and the results of the election time on social media.
Human rights activists say that strategic planning during the elections reduces the speed of communication, while access to information and the voice of citizens is critical.
The Internet shutdown blocks people to talk about things that affect them, such as health, relationships with friends and political commentary, Moses Owiny, head of the Center for Multilateral Affairs, a free policy analysis platform operating in Uganda and Tanzania, told Global Voices in an interview.
According to Owiny, the opening aims to prevent opposition in politics on the basis of the government's fear that citizens' comments may provoke public attention, which he believes is unverifiable but plausible.
Uganda's history of shutting down social media platforms and websites
On April 14, 2011, UCC ordered Internet service providers (ISPs) to shut down Facebook and Twitter access for 24 hours to block access and exchange.
The order was issued during the massive walk to work protests led by the opposition following the rising price of oil and food.
The communications authority said that security forces called for the closure of social media to prevent violence.
In 2011, the election was plagued by SMS messages containing certain phrases such as Egypt, bullet and people power.
In advance of the 2006 general elections, UCC ordered Internet service providers to block access to Radio Katwe website for publishing false and false news against the ruling National Resistance Movement and its presidential candidate, according to the 2015 Collaboration on International ICT Policy for East and Southern Africa (CIPESA).
The Ugandan authorities blocked access to the radio station and the Daily Monitor website for publishing free election results.
These platforms were quickly returned but only after the electoral commission announced the results.
2021 elections: What are the tactics?
President Museveni in May 2013.
He has been in power since 1986.
Photo: Foreign and Commonwealth Office on Flickr (CC BY 2.0).Since 2016, the regime has been arresting opposition politicians and journalists.
Robert Kyagulanyi, popularly known as Bobi Wine, singer and leader of the opposition party People Power, who is also a MP, has already declared his candidacy for presidential term.
Bobi Wine is currently facing criminal charges for insulting the president and if he is found guilty, he will not be allowed to run.
According to Human Rights Watch, in 2018 the regime targeted six opposition members including Bobi Wine and Francis Zaake, before the August 15 elections in Arua (northern Uganda).
Police and the army arrested the group and 28 other people on August 13, 2018, and charged them with murder.
Later they were released on bail.
The same day, police also arrested two journalists, Herber Zziwa and Ronald Muwanga, as they reported on the election and the violence related to the election, including the brutal shooting of Bobi Wine driver by the army.
Read more: #FreeBobiWine: Protests mount over torture and arrest of a young political force in Uganda
As the 2021 elections come to an end, there is a possibility that the Ugandan regime will continue suppressing opposition, including blocking social media.
Indeed, since the 2016 elections, there has been no change in the legal system that allows the government to restrict freedom of expression and online access.
According to 2016 State of Internet Freedom in Africa report, the 2013 Communications Regulatory Act gives UCC more power and works under Article 5 that allows communication regulators to monitor, inspect, control, and control communication services and set standards, monitor, and implement transparency on information.
For the government's request, UCC used this space to order Internet service providers (ISPs) to block access to social media and mobile money during the 2016 elections.
The government continues to use these laws to restrict public debate and silence political opponents, particularly during the elections.
Owiny argues that the government has the ability to shut down the internet whenever it seems to be necessary: Where the government's security and its citizens are connected, and where the government's security is threatened, the government's security and its protection will be prioritized.
Non-governmental organizations and human rights advocates have been preparing in Uganda so that a similar opening in 2016 will not happen again.
Several organizations wrote a joint letter to the African Union and Canadian organizations demanding to criticize the decision of the Ugandan regime to ban access to the internet during the 2016 elections.
Unwanted Witness Uganda sent the Ugandan government to court, including Internet service providers (ISPs) and UCC, in a case filed in September 2016.
The organization pointed out that the government's planned internet shutdown violated the rights of Ugandans of freedom of expression as defined in Article 29 (1) of the 1995 Constitution.
However, the court ruled that the defendants were unable to prove any violations of the suspension, Unwanted Witness told Global Voices.
Supporting the lack of access to the internet during the upcoming elections will require more advocacy.
Owiny suggested the need for civil rights activists to raise talks between government and private sector to present the worst consequences of the closure because private sector is feared by the government.
Uganda was one of the first countries in Africa to issue an Access to Information Act (ATIA), in 2005.
The law promises to provide efficiency, transparency, transparency and accountability that will allow the public to access and participate in decisions that affect them as citizens.
Will the government fulfill its mission to promote the right to access?
And will it fulfill its promises?
This post is part of a series of articles examining digital rights violations through techniques such as blocking internet and misinformation during important political events in seven African countries: Algeria, eEthiopia, Msumbiji, Nigeria, Tunisia, Uganda, and Zimbabwe.
The project is funded by The Collaboration on International ICT Policy for East and Southern Africa (CIPESA).
Students from DCMA School performing various musical instruments at Old Customs, Zanzibar, 2019,
Photo courtesy of DCMA.
Thousands of foreigners visiting Mkongwe, Zanzibar, a historical city that holds a huge history of the island, listen to the sounds of music from DCMA, a music school aimed at promoting and preserving the music of the island and other parts of the Indian coast.
Since 2002, the school has been promoting and preserving the unique culture of Zanzibar that combines Arab, Hindi and African culture through music.
17 years since the establishment of the school, it is clearly facing a financial crisis that threatens his closure.
Almost 70 percent of the 80 students in the school are not able to pay the school fees, which are about $13 per month, according to the official DCMA report.
Although the school has received donations from international donors and friends, it is currently facing a heavy storm that would force him to close his arms and leave the Old Customs House in Zanzibar, known as Old Customs House.
Without immediate funding to continue its activities, students and teachers of DCMA are worried that the hearings heard from the walls of the building and making the islands enjoy art entertainment can collapse.
The school not only teaches and promotes traditional culture and heritage through music, but also is hosted by a large group of young artists who are looking for alternative ways to live their lives with art.
DCMA student learns to play taarab music.
Photo courtesy of DCMA.
We have started to face a financial crisis, says Alessia Lombardo, Director General of DCMA, on the official video of DCMA.
From now to six months, we are not sure that we can be able to pay teachers and other workers.
Now, 19 teachers and a few other workers have not been paid their salaries for more than six months because the school has been struggling to obtain support from friends while trying to create a sustainable revenue system for the school.
Although the islands are known to attract a lot of tourists because of their beautiful beaches and luxury hotels, many residents suffer from a significant lack of work although reports by the World Bank show that poverty has increased in the island.
For more than 17 years, DCMA has worked tirelessly to promote and protect the heritage of Zanzibar through music.
Where was born legendary Arab musician and singer Siti Binti Saad and Fatuma Binti Baraka, or Bi.
Kidude, Zanzibar is the home of a music scene that sprung up through cultural diversity and collaboration between the Zanzibarns in the past hundreds of years.
Today, students can learn traditional music such as taarab, rumba and dumbak, as well as other instruments such as rumba, qanun and Oud, as translators and translators of culture and tradition.
Neema Surri, a violin teacher at DCMA, has been learning how to play the instrument since she was 9 years old.
I know many young people who want to learn music but cannot pay a small fee because of poverty and unemployment, Surri said in the DCMA video.
DCMA students exercise at Old Customs, their school, in Mkongwe, Zanzibar, 2019.
Photo courtesy of DCMA.
After having completed the DCMA workshops, certificates and certificates, many DCMA students may work on international platforms as prestigious bands and independent artists.
Tanzanian Amina Omar Juma, a former DCMA student and current DCMA teacher, recently returned from a visit to South Africa along with her award-winning Siti and Her Band, which is known for combining roots with traditional Arab voices and modern rhythms.
Also, in collaboration with his colleagues, who are former DCMA students, he released his first album, Fusing the Roots, in 2018, continuing to perform at Sound of Busara, the largest music festival in East Africa, the same year.
Here you can listen to the band's song Nielewe along with its video, showing the impact of Zanzibar to describe the story of a woman who faces domestic violence and dreams of music life, as Omar Juma's personal story:
Read more: East African Women in Music Playing To Stop Marriage
History of cultural diversity and collaboration
More than 15,000 visitors have gone through the school building to enjoy live performances, workshop and classes and meet DCMA artists representing the future of Zanzibar's culture and heritage, according to DCMA.
With stories of India, Britain and Africa, the school is proud to be a result of different cultures, with cultures connected to the Indian Gulf and the Arab Gulf.
The Omani Sultan, a popular king between 17 and 19, moved his rule from Muscat to Zanzibar in 1840.
From the Old Town, Omani leaders operated sea trade, including gold, gold, clothes, based on boats driven by the coastline between India's Indian coast to Oman and East Africa.
Youths in Zanzibar understand the importance of understanding their history to determine whether their future and the music they produce today represent a desire to put a bridge between the old and the modern.
Recently the students of DCMA and their teachers started TaraJazz, a fusion of traditional Arabic and modern spaces.
His musician, Felician Mussa, 20, has been learning to play violin for three and half years; TaraJazz is one of the most searched clubs in the island, here by photojournalist Aline Coquelle:
The Swahili Sea tells a story of mixed culture and DCMA continues this tradition through music collaboration.
Every year, the school organizes a project called Swahili Encounters, a project that meets known musicians from Africa, Middle East, Europe and North America for creating real music streams within a week.
At the end of the meeting, new artists are asked to perform at Sound of Busara, and often these teams have a long-standing relationship across languages and cultures, confirming that music is the world's language.
DCMA organizes a live show every week to show the talents of its students and friends visiting the musicians, Ms. Mkongwe, Zanzibar, 2019,
Photo courtesy of DCMA.
The DCMA school recognizes that music inspires and unites people without regard to their cultures and also employs talented youth living in a poor economy and a huge lack of employment.
With the number of 1,800 students in the DCMA training, this school is the only music school they know, where they can learn and grow as artists and artists.
One tourist from Tunisia, who recently visited the DCMA school recently, wrote on TripAdvisor: Personally, meeting the musician was the best time I was on the island there.
While Zanzibar’s tourism sector is growing rapidly, the DCMA school believes music plays a crucial role in celebrating, preserving and promoting the culture of Swahilis, their heritage and their history.
Zanzibar is more than a beach and a luxurious hotel is a place that has a rich heritage in diversity and diversity.
Editor's note: The author of this post has volunteered at the DCMA school.
Sierra Leone: Health workers preparing to enter the Ebola treatment center.
Flickr image by EC/ECHO/Cyprien Fabre, August 2, 2014.
(CC BY-NC-ND 2.0)
On August 12, the World Health Organisation (WHO) released a positive report on the progress of a series of trials of several anti-ebola drugs in the Republic of Congo (Democratic Republic of Congo).
WHO pointed out that the tested ebola medicines have shown positive results that will bring hope to the lives of Ebola patients, and continues to explain that two out of four tested ebola medicines have shown a strong ability to treat Ebola.
Who is responsible for this Ebola treatment?
Professor Jean-Jacques Muyembe-Tamfum, Director General of the Institute National de Recherche Biomédicale (INRB) DR of Congo, invested a large part of his life in the search of Ebola.
While international media is reporting a lot about how Ebola causes a huge number of deaths in Congo, the stories about the epidemic are often shared by these media.
Muyembe-Tamfum explained : We won't say again that Ebola (EVD) is not against us.
Based on Muyembe-Tamfum's important work, researchers tested four Ebola drugs: ZMapp, remdesivir, mAb114 and REGN-EB3.
The response to a medical trial conducted by 499 participants in the study showed that patients who were treated with REGN-EB3 or mAb114 had a greater chance of recovering than those who were treated with two other drugs.
This study was conducted under the initiative of Institute National de Recherche Biomédicale (INRB), the Congolese Ministry of Health and three other health organizations: the International Medical Corps (IMC) and Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF).
Congolese citizen involved in the delivery of Ebola vaccine
Muyembe-Tamfum has been researching Ebola since the first reporting of the disease in Congo when it was first reported in 1976. Dr Jean-Jacques Muyembe, Director General of the Institute National de Recherche Biomedicale of the Republic of Congo and his colleagues have found a new Ebola vaccine that can cure the symptoms of Ebola in only three hours.
Dr Jean-Jacques Muyembe, director of the Institute National de Recherche Biomedicale of the Republic of Democratic Republic of #Congo and his colleagues have discovered a new Ebola vaccine that can treat the disease in 3 hours.
The professor of anatomy at Kinshasa University of Medicine, the Republic of Democratic Republic of Congo, has now spent nearly 40 years looking for a cure for this disease.
In 1995, she worked with WHO for the implementing of the he worked with WHO in implementing prevention strategies after the first reported Ebola cases in Kikwit, Democratic Republic of Congo.
Professor Muyembe-Tamfum (sitting with a voice) speaks during a public education exercise in Beni, North Kivu, the Republic of Congo, in September 2018.
Photo courtesy of MONUSCO/Aqueel Khan (CC BY-SA 2.0)
Following this revolution, Ebola victims are now looking forward to a quick response and being sent to hospitals for more health care.
When 90 percent of the patients will be taken to health centers and receive treatment and return to their age, they will begin to believe in this medicine and build confidence in their communities and citizens generally.
Jean-Jacque Muyembe-Tamfum
Causes of Ebola treatment given attention
The first Ebola patients were reported in 1976 near the Ebola River in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
According to the Center for Disease Control and Control (CDC), since then, Ebola has been spreading regularly from natural source (which is yet to be known) and leading people in Africa to die of this disease.
The Ebola crisis since 1976.
Photo from the Anti-Corruption Center
In 2014 and 2016 there were more than 28,600 people affected by Ebola in West Africa.
According to WHO's 2015 report:
In 2014 Senegal had one Ebola case and no reported deaths.
WHO announced Nigeria's response to Ebola as part of a massive effort to tackle the rapidly spreading disease.
In January 2015, Mali was reported to have 8 Ebola patients and 6 deaths.
However, the situation was worse between March and June2016 in three countries: In Sierra Leone: more than 14,000 people died of Ebola with 4,000 deaths; Liberia: nearly 10,000 people died of Ebola and 3,000 deaths. Guinea: 3,800 patients and 2,500 deaths.
A general overview of the Ebola International Disease
The Ebola epidemic that caused serious damage to African countries sparked panic and fear in 2015 when two ebola patients were reported dead in the US, one Spain and one Germany.
GabyFleur Böl, a researcher at the Berlin Institute for Disease Assessment, Germany, reported other Ebola cases in Spain, Germany, Germany, United Kingdom, Italy and Switzerland.
At the same time, Ebola infections were considered death sentences due to lack of adequate treatment.
As Böl previously said, the high rate of deaths due to Ebola and /a> sometimes false news reports about Ebola contributed to worldwide panic.
These reports were also contributed to 2017 a study which Hal Roberts, Brittany Seymour, Sands Alden Fish II, Emily Robinson and Ethan Zuckerman analyzed Over 109,000 articles published in major American media and blogs between July and November 2014, a focus of analysis on Ebola.
They discovered three major events about Ebola news in major American media and blogs took place on July 27, September 28, and October 15 in 2014:
On 27 July, it was first reported that American doctors in Liberia were treated for Ebola.
On September 30, the media reported widely about Thomas Duncan having died of Ebola in Texas and was the first time the disease has been reported in the United States.
On October 12, the reports of the Ebola patient who is a health care provider were mixed in the US.
After October 12, other cases of Ebola were reported repeatedly, leading to a rapid increase in reports.
There are probably many American media outlets reporting about Ebola because of the epidemic in the country.
Also, due to the ease of spreading information on social media, the Ebola epidemic has been widely discussed in European and American media.
However, what is expected is whether the Ebola vaccine found by a African from the Democratic Republic of Congo which treats the African disease will be featured in the media as it was in 2017.
Erick Kabendera giving training to journalists in 2012, Dare s salaam.
Photo by Pernille Baerendtsen, used with permission
On 29 July, 6 armed soldiers arrested Erick Kabendera from his home in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania and detained him.
Police say Kabendera has violated a self-immolation order for investigation on his citizenship as a Tanzanian.
For the past week the police stormed a flag house two times, denied his passport, other personal documents and questioned his family.
As of August 5, the authorities resolved the case, Kabandera was charged with embezzlement of money, avoiding paying taxes of US$ 75,000, and involvement in a cybercrime. These charges are according to a case filed by the CPJ.
Police say Kabendera has committed this crime for four years since 2015.
For the charges against Kabendera he can be sentenced to 15 years in prison and is not allowed to receive a bail.
Magufuli of Tanzania
First they threatened the journalist, when the noises have been increasing, they claimed he is not Tanzanian, and is now charged with cybercrime and illegal taxation.
Without Erick Kabendera, his duty is to be a journalist.
Media freedom has risen sharply in Magufuli's Tanzanian period, reported by CPJ.
Representative of the Committee to Protect Journalists (CPJ) in Sub-Saharan Africa, Muthoka Mumo says:
It seems that authorities have always tried to prove the reasons for his arrest, the free journalist and critic.
First they claimed that Erick Kabendera's citizenship was not granted, today they have added several different charges, which make us wonder why they wanted him.
As a journalist Kabendera has been criticizing President John Magufuli's administration and has often been responsible for press freedom.
He reports on local and international media such as The Guardian, African Arguments and The East African about Tanzania's politics and how it divides people.
JJebra Kambole, Kabendera's lawyer, says, the charges also shocked Kabendera for criticism of the government in a post published in The Economist, which says John Magufuli is threatening the freedom of speech in Tanzania.
The latest news: journalist Erick Kabendera was charged with insulting statements against the government based on a post published in The Economist, which says John Magufuli is threatening Tanzania's press freedom, a description from Zebra Kambole states that Mr Kabendera is denied bail.
Politics is being used as a tool to silence people
The Kabendera family says, this is not the first time the government asked about citizenship.
In 2013 the government also filed similar charges but the case was rejected later, according to The Citizen.
Kabendera at that time saw that the authorities wanted to use the investigation of his citizenship as an excuse.
Last year, The Citizen also reported several cases where the government used the question of citizenship as a tool to stop criticism in Tanzania.
Aidan Eyakuze, director of Twaweza, a civil society organization, focused on Voices of the People, said the authorities have suspended his passport and refused to travel while his citizenship investigation continues.
Two weeks before the incident, Twaweza reported the results of a survey called Tell the Truth to the People?
Public opinion on Tanzanian politics
The Science and Technology Commission (Costech) alleged that the study was unauthorized and threatened to take legal action but the case was rejected, according to the same article by The Citizen.
In recent years Tanzania has introduced a number of new laws targeting bloggers and media, civil society organisations, cultural and cultural organizations and academics and researchers as an attempt to regulate information coming from Tanzania and restrict freedom of expression and political rights.
Read more: Will Tanzanian Bloggers Accept Tax or Stop Blogging Tax?
#FreeErickKabendera
Thousands of journalists, human rights activists, angry and angry leaders have appeared on social media calling for Kabendera's release:
AFEX Africa calls the charges a clear intention of violence
It's nine days now and police in Tanzania continue to detain journalist Erick Kabendera suspected @AFEXafrica well there is a need for a correction of this aggressive violence.
https://t.co/7UFZkzYzwV @MRA_Nigeria @FXISouthAfrica @gmpressunion #FreeErickKabendera #NoImpunity
AFEX (@AFEXafrica) August 6, 2019,
Kabendera, who has often trained and encouraged young journalists, has made her former student tweeting this message:
I met Erick Kabendera just one time in my life, and for less than 80 minutes.
He came as a teacher invited to teach us (media and communication school - @UniofDar).
But despite being with us for a while, I learned a lot from her.
He really motivated me
#100K4Erick
Another netizen thinks Kabendera's arrest and defamation is a sign of alert for other citizens:
I DO NOT HAVE a flag because I am Tanzanian OR because I am Journalist I DO NOT HAVE a flag because I live in Tanzania with Erick.
The Right Doesn't Matter Today And I Wake Up, It's Probably Better For Me.
No One Cares When Defamation takes place
I and we (All) are Ivan Golunov.
A banner by Meduza, used with permission
: This Russian language definition means a level of weakness that might be enough maybe a good way is to present how the number of suspects and arrests of Ivan Golunov a prominent investigator is growing.
He was arrested on June 6 in Moscow for allegedly being involved in drug trafficking.
Golunov was arrested and threatened to meet a lawyer which is contrary to Russian law.
His lawyer confirmed his pain in jail.
After being transferred to the hospital he was allowed and given a special vaccine on June 8.
Initially Russian soldiers showed photos of suspected drug traffickers in the Golunov neighborhood but they were later removed.
The Russian pro-Kremlin news outlet today confirmed that the photos were not taken in Golunov gorges.
The charges faced by Golunov could lead to 10 to 20 years in prison.
Golunov 36 years old works at Meduza, one of the few independent communities using Russian language remaining in Russia.
Meduza was registered in neighbouring Latvia, but it has offices and few journalists in Russia.
Golunov has led the publication of several cases of corruption involving high-ranking leaders.
Since Golunov was arrested, Meduza has been publishing Golunov's posts under creative commons license and has encouraged media and individuals to republish the stories, which has been strongly supported by Global Voices.
Among the most important news he published is about the Mayor Pyotr Biryukov who approved projects for his family and how the project to make moscow a beautiful city had a higher budget.
The news he was involved before he was arrested was about the regulation of funeral services in Moscow.
The arrest of Golunov prompted mixed reactions among journalists, activists and lawyers and even famous singers and famous people outside Mscow and Petersburg.
On June 10, three major newspapers agreed to publish a version of Golunov's support on the front page.
The newspapers were sold and published a new record.
In an unusual situation pro-Kremlin and Channel One, which has many readers, are calling for a fair investigation.
On June 12 it will be Russia Day, where demonstrations and public protests are allowed by local governments.
For constitutional laws, public protests need permission.
Supporters of Golunov have announced that they will have their own march without official permission.
Kremlin observers say the Russian government is looking to remove charges against the journalist before June 20.
On a day when President Vladimir Putin, whose levels have been lower in the country's history, will be speaking directly in a year-long public conversation where he receives questions from citizens on phone and social media.
Kenyan writer Binyavanga Wainaina at the Brooklyn Book Festival, 2009.
Wainaina, 48 years old, died on Wednesday 22 May in Nairobi, Kenya.
Photo by Nightscream, CC 3.0 and Wikimedia Commons.
Just 24 hours since Binyavanga Wainaina Mwandish Mkenya disappeared in this world, but its presence and impact continues to spread around the world.
In fact, an open-minded journalist blamed tensions and challenged the government for a revolutionary writing that would open the door for thousands of writers who wish to change in writing and explaining how Africa is.
Writer, teacher and LGBTQ activist Binyavanga Wainaina died on Sunday, May 22, in Nairobi, Kenya, after being killed shortly.
Today I thought: What will your life be like when you leave?
Binyavanga's death made me think about what I was five or many years ago and how he was for us as a young man with the passion and hunger for change on our continent and for us too.
Fungai Machirori (@fungaijustbeing) May 22, 2019,
For a few minutes, friends, fans and fans Wainanina erupted on social media sharing memories and thanks and discussing his wonderful speeches.
Wainaina is known for his satirical post, How to write about Africa, published in a 2006 magazine.
He is also known for his 2012 memories book, One Day I'll write about this area, and Mama, I am a Prophet, published in Chimurenga, as well as Africa is a Country, published in 2014.
The article went viral on Twitter because people tried to show the truth and the newspapers called Wainaina one of the 100 most influential people in the world
In the post How to describe Africa, Wainaina called Western media and the support of all Nairobi-based industries to perpetuate inappropriate racism on Africa with a lot of sarcasm and sarcasm.
You won't try to put a picture of a good African on a bookshelf or inside it unless that African has won a Nobel Prize.
AK-47 bullets, good eyes, open mouths: use this.
If you want to include a African, ensure you get him from Masai or Zulu or Dogon clothes.
His beard was a bit heavy, writes Nigerian writer Nwachukwu Egbunike.
His article or book widely quoted by academics, NGOs and aid workers has had a huge impact on Africa and the results continue to spread, surprising and shocking.
On its impact, writer Pernille Bærendtsen writes:
For me, the post followed me since I was gifted in 2008 by my Kenyan friend.
I am sure I was one of the people interviewed by Binyavanga: A Tanzanian development worker employed by a Danish government organization wrote about the results of the article.
This was when development and assistance of the industries increased its efficiency to obtain a voucher for the price shift.
I had many reasons to feel sad, but I had time to plan for change.
Binyavanga later explained in Bidoun magazine how this article took place in life and two effects: By exposing and describing the dangers of novelists, NGO workers, musicians, teachers, students and travel writers who read these instructions on how or how not to write about Africa, they start asking for his consent.
Wainaina was a son of a Kenyan father and a Ugandan mother, he continued to question the falsehoods being told about Africa especially through a 2012 anniversary magazine called One Day I'll write about the place here.
With a detailed story, it attracted readers from his childhood in 1970s in Kenya and when he was a student in South Africa where he spent years in exile.
The criticism dismissed the book as real and true, but Wainaina later confessed that he had forgett the essence of his life.
Mama, I am a shoga, Wainaina was the first Kenyan woman with a high profile and a very transparent attitude on social media, raising awareness from the community.
It seems to be a lost image in his memory.
Wainaina noticed that he was a boy for his mother when she was nearly dying.
His post came in time as a campaign against the massive anti-gay summit and a law against homosexuality was proposed in Uganda and later Tanzania where homosexuality is criminal.
Read more: Tanzania's stance on homosexuality destroys political agenda
However, unlike other expatriates, Wainaina returned home as Nanjala Nyabola explains BBC on Twitter, saying it was important:
For those of us who lived with renowned Kenyan journalists living in prison, detained, poor or misunderstood, he returned home and it was very important.
He was a misunderstood man but for this he is always grateful.
We must say our thoughts
While Binyavanga was truly appreciated by international groups, home he criticized and faced harsh pressure on the established principles.
Binyavanga argued for freedom of speech and reflection.
In courage in a LGBTQ community he insisted on changing the principles
In response to the noise and other responses, the same year Wainaina wrote We should say our thoughts, on Yuotube with six sections containing his thoughts on freedom and freedom.
I want to live freedom of thought, he explained in the first part.
I ask this generation of young parents to have young Africans writing their own stories it is a simple political act that everyone should have.
I am seeking to see a land where all kinds of ideas are not allowed until they are allowed.
I am an African of all Africans, I want to see this continent change.
Wainaina often expressed his passion for poetry through her writing, education and management.
In 2002, after winning the Caine Prize for his home discovering post, he used the award to help establish Why?
The newspaper is aimed at developing voices and new ideas spreading around the world.
Why?
It continued to be published and networked with journalists from Lagos to Nairobi, Mogadishu to Accra.
Read more: We work to prevent explosions': a word spoken in East Africa
While he accused Kenyan social contracts of being racist and later revealed that she has HIV on Twitter on World AIDS Day 2016 it often came with backlash, struggle and pain.
Wainaina was a brave man who struggled along the lines and often clashed because the famous shoga seemed to be his role as a human being.
He had fans but received criticism from renowned journalist Shailja Patel, who accused Wainaina of being a toxic anti-interracial man.
Twitter user Néo Músangi describes the weaknesses of the Chinese in his tweet:
I have no power but I love Binya as my friend in foreign and advocacy.
I am so sad that he killed others.
I am sad that he failed as a human.
He would hate us cleaning him.
Journalist Bwesigye Mwsigire, director of Writivism Festival in Uganda, also described the conflict on Facebook:
His lifestyle was a problem.
Good and leave mistakes.
People we care about because of their work and their ideas are people.
It is a human.
We are ready to love them in their complexity?
Now, much has been talked about it.
There is no need to return to what was said.
People have reminded him of his pain.
This leaves the pain that a person feels for his death.
There is only one Binyavanga Wainaina.
It's a joke for now.
Let's celebrate her life.
Emotional talent
Kenyan activist Boniface Mwangi tweets after tweeting a tribute to Nigeria on Facebook; hate and homosexual comments followed his message.
Wainaina was a talented personality who should be remembered:
I sent a text message on Facebook about Binyavanga's death, #RIPBinyavanga was a very bad comment and sad I have never read.
Even the devil who steals taxes and kill people doesn't have such a hate.
The fact is, Binya had a mental and intellectual talent and will continue to be remembered and remembered
Ugandan mother rights advocate and writer Rosebell Kagumire highlighted what she learned from the courage of Nigerians to speak out:
You don't let anxiety.
Don't stop you yourself.
Listen to what is needed to be said.
Very well written.
Life with your truth and your heart.
When you breathe your last breath there will be millions of words you have given to Binyavanga
In his life and letters, he gave himself and countless others the permission to imagine life as it could be otherwise, and his sudden passing inspired poetic musings:
One day I will write about your beautiful hair
One day I will write about your tears
One day I will write about your intolerance
One day I will write about your ability to think
One day I will write about your refusal
Today I write thanks
Kenyan Yvonne Adhiambo Owuor, a journalist and journalist of Dust, a true friend of the Nigerians, concludes with a final mourning:
Who told you to go?
From your body night without a new address?
The face is stuck, eyes are stuck, he said, You only have 3 seconds to fix your lines here.
Who told you to leave?
From your head without a new address?
Who can go out of fear and suffering in a tearful drawing?
Now he is one of the most famous people, you can join Binya Cathedral with a huge legacy of his work.
The front page of de Angola's newspaper about Telstar's winning proposal.
Photo by Dércio Tsandzana, April 19, 2019, with permission
Angolan President João Lourenço on April 18 followed the government's proposal for mobile phone service in the country, saying that the winner of the proposal Telstar did not meet the requisites required to provide the service.
The President's decision may show divisions in the Angolan government.
Telstar was founded in January 2018 with 200,000 shares (about 600 USD), and its main sponsors Manuel João Carneiro (90 percent) and businessman António Cardoso Mateus (10%), according to Portuguese Observador.
According to Angolan netizens, Manuel João Carneiro's victory was granted by former President Eduardo dos Santos.
The Observador newspaper reported that 27 companies participated in an application process opened by the Ministry of Information and Technology under José Carvalho da Rocha.
According to the Angolan newspaper on April 25, João Lourenço signed regulations that introduced a new law for the submission of a proposal.
After the first proposal results were released to the public, many Angolans questioned the integrity of the process.
Some went further by saying that the winner Telstar has never had a website.
This was shared by Skit Van Darken, editor and presenter on Facebook:
Telstar Telecommunications, Ltd, was established on January 26, 2018, with a first 200,000 income from the newspaper Diário da República, whose sponsors are the general Manuel João Carneiro (90 percent) and António Cardoso Mateus (10%).
The strong alliance is with Mundo Startel, a well-known company, registered by INACOM, a telecom regulator with a license although it has expired.
a company that doesn't have a website!
I DO NOT HAVE ANY DETAILS WITH OTHER AGENTS
This country is AiBU
Now, Joaquim Lunda, a journalist and social media presenter, praised the President's act and even claimed that the chief minister ran away from the risk of being defeated:
I am grateful and proud, the decision made by the President of the Republic, João Lourenço, to cancel the government's proposal that the Angolan Telstar won the licence for the fourth telecommunications operator in Angola.
There were many reservations and a lot of points to clarify around the issue.
The person does not see the value of a company that was formed in 2018 with 200 million first-term revenue, awarded a prize.
I am sure that the days of the minister of communication and information technology are counted.
After failure with ANGOSAT 1, now and what we see today, I am worried if Hofu will do anything.
Let's enjoy the game silently!!
The President's decision came after the minister who led in 2017, the satellite project Angosat 1, is back in trouble.
Adriano Sapiñala, head of the main opposition party, looks at the problem as a sign of weakness in the government:
JLo (João Lourenço) should plan for his team because yesterday the Attorney General said that the trial date has expired and Telstar would continue with the next step because it was the winner of a fraud proposal and today JLo comes out and removes the proposal!
Communication is not good?
Now maybe the minister takes a stand or JLo should leave him because if he rejected the proposals it is because his process was not good and it doesn't affect any good person, they should be responsible!!
Blanka Nagy speaking in the January protests.
Photo by Márk Tremmel, CC BY-NC-SA 2.5.
This story was written by Tamás B. Kovács and translated by Anita Kőműves for the non-profit Hungary magazine, Atlatszo.
This republished publication is available here as part of its collaboration with Global Voices.
Media supporters of Hungary's government have started a new attack on Blanka Nagy, a high school student who spoke badly against the government in several protests since the end of 2018.
Nagy regrets the widespread criticism against him and has also been sexually harassed by one news source.
He has already filed a defamation case and won a case against three organizations Lokàl, Ripost and Origo, which support the government, said he was going to school.
However, after Nady won a case against Origo, the source attacked him again by publishing his school report.
Nady told Atlatszo he was thinking of prosecuting Origo again because of their recent news.
Blanka Nagy has become popular in Hungary last summer after giving a speech in a protest against the government, where she criticized prominent politicians, using harsh words.
His harsh words were shared by social media users through a video of his speech.
Two months after his video brought a stir on social media, supporters and activists such as Zsolt Bayer started a series of attacks against him.
They said he had failed his many studies and had lost many days of study.
They also called him a talented man who wants to be popular and famous.
His lawyer sent a copy of his results to court and showed that he had not failed in his studies and the papers were given to Origo's lawyers.
The news outlet decided to publish a report from the findings of Nagy's results and stated that he has already graduated from History last term and is also in a pending examination.
When #MediaMakingHungary threatens about young protester Blanka Nagy, she hated her for insulting her and won.
They were asked to apologize and correct their information but they refuse and continue to insult him.
TV2 broadcasted all the time to criticize the results, mentioning the papers being sent to court but didn't say what the verdict was https://t.co/MyllWb2Jwh
Joost (@almodozo) April 5, 2019,
I and my lawyer think we should investigate a news source who published a copy of my school results, Nagy told Atlatszo in an interview.
He said that Origo had no right to publish his results.
He and his lawyers think that Origo had no right even to see the results when he represented the court.
And their recent accusations are not true too, Nady said.
I don't forget my History lesson, different from what they said.
I have a good result my numbers are more than 2 (which is equivalent to C).
What they say is false.
I would be afraid if it was true because in my family there was a history teacher among my grandchildren, he finished saying.
I think all these threats against me are very strange but I will never repeat them again.
It shows in some way how I threaten some of the ruling party's top officials.
The fact is that Zsolt Bayer's own attack on the opposition media for spreading false information against me, confirms that, he adds.
Blanka Nagy a student at a high school: Fidesz faces a scary, sad, bad and a tragedy.
The evil group of smugglers, this small government, are making their donations for their survival while you are struggling for hunger while you are struggling for poverty while you are struggling for poverty while you are struggling for poverty while you are struggling for poverty while you are struggling for poverty while you are behind bars.
He said the truth.
This is Hungary.
Fake reporting and revelations are the only weapons of the Hungaryn government.
Some opposition authorities have responded by threatening the media with censorship.
According to recent statistics collected by Atlatszo, major propaganda sources have failed many cases, and were ordered by the court to correct information 109 times in 2018.
They cannot put their ideas in our minds so they shoot us #SOSNicaragua As reads a poster of a protester during a protest for political prisoners in Managua.
August, 2018.
Photo by: Jorge Mejía Peralta (CC BY 2.0)
Since the massive protests against President Daniel Ortega took place in Nicaragua in April 2018, the government has banned protests, arrested thousands without filing charges and suspended both major and alternative media sources.
The efforts to engage in talks have failed, the future of Nicaragua remains a difficult question.
Protests began in protest against the changes to social housing policies that would increase the tax on revenue while reducing environmental interests.
Initially the process was carried out by the authorities opening the door for national protests demanding President Daniel Ortega, his wife and Vice President Rosario Murillo to resign.
The numbers of deaths caused by the protest are mixed and have not been updated since last year because restrictions against censorship have increased.
In December 2018, the government blocked some NGOs that were closely monitoring police violence and human rights violations including the Center for Human Rights in Nicaragua (Cenidh) and the Institute for Development of Democracy (Ipade).
In December, two groups of the International Human Rights Commission (IACHR) Special Rapporteur for Nicaragua (MESENI) and a Free Fan Club were evacuated from the country, leaving Nicaragua without a independent human rights agency and launching a new violence action, according to Women's Rights Activist and Educational Activist María Teresa Blandón.
Read more: We are the victims we help victims': Nicaragua's human rights violations
The numbers of injured, identified by the government in August 2018 have increased to 197.
However, the Human Rights Watch has reported a total of 322 deaths until September 18, 2018, where most of the deaths were suicide attacks on the head, neck and head.
Blogger Ana Siú wrote on Medium recently about her experience in April 2018 protests:
I saw my school friend attacked by a gang via Instagram Mubashara.
I heard him screaming and fighting to avoid being beaten [] Finally, a man who attacked him on a bus left him but he took his phone.
He didn't know that he is still innocent.
He then said, let's go!
We have to take these phone calls.
The incident took 20 minutes.
He also spoke about May 30, which was a historic protest organized on the day Nicaragua celebrates Mother Day where 15 people were killed.
On that day we changed our minds about the protests.
Some of us at the protests saw how they were killing young people.
It is the first time police attacked such massive protests with firearms.
I have never been close to such a death.
When students clashed with each other at university in the capital Managua, farmers blocked roads in rural areas.
In June protesters in Masaya declared the East city a free city from the dictatorship.
The government attacked protesters who set up security guards and responded to police attack.
Protesters continued to engage in violence and violence and in August 2018 there were 22 deaths of police officers, according to government statistics.
In late 2018, police started what they called operación limpieza (Operation of cleaning) to break barriers and charge suspected suspects.
The reports say security forces did so in collaboration with militant groups.
Many students, farmer activists, rights defenders and journalists were targeted in the dangerous campaign and many have been charged.
And some health workers who cared for the victims during the protest have received shock for what they did.
The Nicaraguan Doctors Association has said at least 240 doctors were expelled from public hospitals as a way to rescue them.
Read more: Nicaraguan protesters and journalists face intense attacks on the street and on social media.
In September the protests have become illegal, and all activities in the streets need special permission from the authorities, where such permission is rarely granted.
On February 27, 2019, a meeting table was opened between the government and the opposition party, Alianza Cívica por la Justicia y la Democracia, followed by the release of hundreds of people from prison.
Similar to the previous conversation, the meeting did not include farmers and students activists, because some are in prison, and others are in exile.
Not only the new president a new start
Since the country's crisis is entering a second year now, the concerns and fears of the future of Nicaragua are being fueled by the hashtag #SOSNicaragua, which is being shared daily with claims, photos of victims and prayers on students in prison and their families.
Read more: Nicaraguan Diaspora activists carry two bags
Nicaragua's news outlet Niú interviewed protesters who led the February protests in nearby Costa Rica and described the difficulties of their lives in exile.
Alejandro Donaire, a student who said he fled the country after participating in a peaceful protest, told Niú how it was difficult to feel part of the community and the normal life, after spending a long time living hidden, walking and protesting.
Madelaine Caracas, spokesperson of a student group known as Students for Democracy, also shared Niú's wish to see a change in Nicaragua that will be more than Ortega's departure:
We want to remove dictatorship, sexual harassment, selfishness and other negative aspects that have taken place in the country's political culture.
We believe Ortega will leave this year and that I will return to Nicaragua this year.
And I am sure because Ortega is currently in international and economic skies and because all those who participated in April's protests have been prepared fully.
This last round of talks between the government and the opposition ended on April 3, with agreements on two of the four topics discussed.
First, the government has promised that it will release all political prisoners and secondly respects the freedom of citizens.
There has been no agreements made about justice for victims of electoral violence or resignation for the 2021 elections.
The opposition group the Union of Civilians said that the government has failed to respect the agreement.
It continues to be reported that police have continued to suppress peaceful protests.
As of April 6, there were only 50 prisoners among 600 political prisoners who were freed, and detained in their homes.
Later on April 17, after a new sanction by the United States, more than 600 prisoners were freed and went through home prisons, however according to the Civil Society, only 18 members of the group were in the list of political prisoners who were expected to be freed.
In the minds of people such as activist and researcher Felix Madariaga, the new leader of the Nicaraguan Tomorrow has remained in prison today.
Meanwhile, opposition groups have held a rally to mark the events of April 2018.
With a warning from the authorities and a permit against the protests, there is also expected to be a new pressure from the police.