Photo by President of the Republic of Nigeria Federation, President Muhammadu Buhari by Bayo Omoboriowo via Wikimedia Commons, May 29, 2015, (CC BY-SA 4.0).
The Nigerian government announced on Friday that it shuts down Twitter in the country several days after the network canceled a dangerous tweet by Nigerian President Muhammadu Buhari claiming that the government will use force against the Igbo tribe.
Despite the removal of the tweet, the message went to spread on social media, reminding the pain of a civil war that lost more than a million lives.
But the tweet triggered a movement on social media to stand with Nigerians of the Igbo tribe.
In a series of tweets published on June 1, 2021, Buhari is threatening to deal with Nigerians from the eastern part of the country using the language they understand, referring to the civil war in Nigeria between 1967-1970 against the separation movement of the Republic of Biafra, in the southeast of Nigeria.
The tweet was posted after a series of attacks on the government and security forces in the area, which is blamed for a militant group associated with the Biafra (IPOB), the movement of people calling for Biafra's occupation.
The group has denied responsibility for the attacks, according to American Voices.
Many of those who show the lack of discipline today were young to understand the devastation and loss of lives that happened during the Nigerian Civil Fighting, said a tweet of Buhari that has now been cancelled:
A screenshot of Nigerian President Buhari's
Tweets that responded to the statements made by Buhari who appeared outrageous at the State House, the country's capital, Abuja, about the probability of attacks against electoral officials.
I think we have given them a lot of platform
They have said what they wanted, but now they want to annihilate the country, he said, speaking of those people who want to separate themselves:
Buhari has spoken with her mouth
Buhari, the former general, was in the military during the Nigerian civil war.
The war resulted in more than a million deaths from the Igbo and other residents of the Eastern region, according to Chima J. Korieh, a professor of African History at Marquette University in the United States.
For many Nigerians, the struggle for separation of the state of Biafra, generally, is considered a horrific incident to be forgotten, but for the Igbo people who struggled with separation, it remains a phenomenon that changed the meaning of their lives, says Nigerian journalist Adabi Tricia Nwaubani.
(Dou: Journalist from the Igbo tribe.)
Twitter policy about hate behavior prevents tweets that preach violence and threaten people with a racial, ethnic, national origin.
Such tweets, like Buhari, are deleted by the company or users themselves, force them to cancel anti-government content.
Lai Mohammed, a Nigerian minister, described the exclusion of the president's tweets and the social media company as an incident of suspect:
Twitters Mission In Nigeria Is Suspicious, Says Lai Mohammed pic.twitter.com/6hbAKsnjVM
Tweets with threats still appear online
A study by the Digital Africa Research Lab (DigiAfricaLab) suggests that tweets about the threats written by Buhari still appear on accounts two days after they were cancelled by Twitter, a case quoted by other users:
More than 30 hours after Twitter deleted the tweets of Nigeria's president @MBuhari for violation of the law, tweeted cancelled BADO INAON on many online accounts because of the quotation!
Using different accounts through different materials, DigiAfricaLab could see more than 17,000 tweets quoted by users before the social network has not deleted the tweets from the @MBuhari and @NGRPresident account, both of
In addition, DigiAfricaLab was able to click and raise President Buhari's tweets.
The tweets I am can still be seen by Twitter users because the twitter tools used by Twitter (API) depend on other media tools that link Twitter to work on URL.
Another factor, according to J. D. Biersdorfer of New York Times, is that deleted tweets can still be available and can be seen from the results of searching online until the website is convicted by a new version of tweets on the main account page.
The reaction to the hashtag #IAmIgboToo
President Buhari's tweet sparked an intense discussion from Nigerians on Twitter, a discussion that hit the user's headlines with the hashtag #IAmIgboTo to express their disappointment.
Likewise, Twitter users in Nigeria from different ethnic groups also used the names of Igbo to stand with the Igbo people.
The analysis carried out on June 4, 2021 by Global Voices using Brand Mentions showed that within seven days, the hashtag #IAmIgboTo was mentioned 508 times, used 319,200 times, has reached 457,500 people, shared 313,100 times on Twitter and Instagram.
Image of the words mentioned in the hashtag #IAmIgboTooo
Human Rights activist Aisha Jesusfu under the name of Igbo Somtochukwu, referring to join me to praise God and curse how President Buhaari threatened Igbo people saying the attack on Igbo people is against me:
My name is Aisha Somtochukwu Jesusfu.
Any threat to the Igbo people is to intimidate me.
To attack Igbo people is to attack me.
Represent the 1967 threats from President Buhari to the Igbo people
No Nigerian is more than any Nigerian
The creator and music producer Jude Abaga (M.I Abaga) expressed his enthusiasm for the country to continue in front of this hateful statement:
The explanation that Nigeria takes the people of Igbo is republican and leaves the same unchanging view
#KomeshaSars Rinuola (Rinu* Oduala, under the name of Gbo Ochiaga, referring to the leader of the military forces, remembered with pride the sweet contribution of the Igbo women to the history of Nigeria, referring to the Women's Revolution on November 1929:
I remember the Aba Women’s Revolution where at least 25,000 women protested against colonial violence.
I come from the same place of women with the bribe, born with courage & tolerance over the years of violence and injustice.
My name is Rinu Ochiagha Oduala #MimiNigbo
Blossom Okayamba, a translator of Global Voices' Igbo language, noted that the threats begin and undermine one's character:
It becomes easier to alleviate the moral doubts about murder, discrimination or torture others simply because of ethnic identity.
If they don't look human, it's easy to justify violence against them.
Maintaining humanity, according to Ombemba, makes it easier to alleviate the moral and moral sense of murder, discrimination, or torture of people just because of their ethnic groups.
Photo by makeitkenya, CC PDM 1.0
On March 27, a heated discussion broke out on Kenyan social media on the statements made in the air by three radio broadcasters during the morning Breakfast Show.
Advertisers were discussing the ongoing court case involving Eunice Wangari, a woman who was pushed outside the 12 floor building by a man with whom she had relations.
On Twitter, angry Kenyans enraged Shaffie Weru, Joseph Munoru, and Neville Muysa for their comments on the case of alleged sexual harassment, calling the bloggers-threatening.
Shaffie insists that the woman was pushed from the 12th floor of the building in Nairobi after saying no to a man is because she became too independent for putting herself in such a situation.
What a hell!
The case has divided netizens as there are some who agree with the reporters.
Although the three were expelled by the radio station, it brought out how the Kenyan regional hostility has grown for women.
There are about 21.75 million netizens in Kenya, or 40% of the country's population, according to data survey by DataReportal in 2021.
Nearly 11 million people are social media users, 2.2% increase compared to 2020.
According to another international telecommunications System (GSMA), the number of mobile phone ownership is almost equal to women and men with a five-minute difference to men who own or have access to media outlets compared to women, at least three netizens in Kenya are women.
As a minority in the region, women in Kenya have often grown towards netizen abuse
And although in 2018 the law against Internet abuse was passed in a country that defines behavior as participation in a way that could lead to anxiety or fear of violence or destruction or loss of property for the punishment of up to 10 years in prison, the oppression of many people online is still rampant.
Below we will explain two popular events that took place at least 12 yams ago where social media has been used as a platform for violence against women in Kenya.
COVID-19 patient
On March 2020, Brenda Iyv Cherotich developed the first COVID -19 in Kenya.
After he recovered, he came and described his journey as the world began to understand the new virus.
But Cherotich was not received cheerfully as he expected.
After conducting an interview in April 2020, he was confronted with harassment and disturbances from Kenyan On Twitter (which is popular as #KOT a word frequently used to describe active Kenyan twitter users participating in debates on the site) who sought to defam and question his story.
Other online harassers intercepted his personal life, personal conversations and photos were widely circulated online, perhaps after being expelled by his friend or closest person.
The hairstyle looks like Corona itself
After annoying this, Kenyan health minister Mutahi Kagwe came out in defense of Brenda, calling for the arrest of the oppressors and mentioning them as an embarrassing effort by the government to fight COVID-19.
Health Minister Mutahi Kagwe tells the police to convict social media users for harassing Brenda
And that wasn't the end of it, another victim recently collapsed in the #KOT attack: TV broadcaster Vyonne Okwara was targeted after defending Brenda and supporting the minister's argument to convict harassers.
I do not agree with Yvonne Okwara.
Your report doesn't matter.
It is a transparency and aromatic to the top heavens.
Where was your voice when your colleagues stripped MANAUME (Lonyangapuo) naked and shared his naked photos?
This is toxic
Okwara criticized the oppressors for targeting women.
He said that Brian Orinda, the three COVID-19 victim, was there when he made his way to recover with Brenda, received no clear response.
This sparked the fingers of cartoonists who had their day on Twitter attacking Okwara.
Using a gender card all the time.
Women are required to protect their dignity first.
Playing images like this and participating in them are also immoral.
The poor and ignorant situation from Okwara.
So poor, you wonder if Corona ate the brain.
The nakedness of men was online.
She has suddenly gained some negligence by choosing about it.
At the beginning of the year, Ikulu's main spokesperson Kanza Dena was also affected by Kenya’s continuous exploitation.
As he grew up holding a press conference in the riot, cyber harassers defamed his body for his weight.
Quickly it became a debate on social media, and part of Kenya and the press constitution defending Dena.
He is fat, tall, short!
Who set the standards for women to be seen?
Why is it our problem that @KanzaDena has added weight?
Indeed, she is a new mother, but she is not in debt to anybody!
Give him rest please!
This is new below we must reject them
The Elephant article, one of Kenya's largest digital publication, noted that the regional social media in Kenya and the world has become the borders of poisonous words and violence.
There is no controversy that social media has become an important tool for social and professional development, more for women.
Many women have built their businesses in the region and, in the process, have learned how to join others.
Many find customers to buy and sell their products on the runway.
Others find platforms to make a point of view, resulting in hundreds not just millions of social businesses that are not just sparking economic growth but enabling young men and women directly to economically.
They have also learned how to improve their skills of entrepreneurship.
Of course, social media has emerged as a better place for business.
This is important for economic empowerment and for women.
Source, The Elephant.
It seems that for women to participate in an important conversation on topics that directly affect their lives, the Internet should be a safer place than it is now.
The rainbow flag.
Photo by Marco Verch on Flickr, CC BY 2.0.
Caribbean countries, one after another, have been rehabilitating their legislative books to reflect on the equality of homosexuals by eliminating the age of colonialism which prevents the fraternity of nature.
In 2016, it began in Belize.
Two years later, Trinidad and Tobago followed, although his move has not been interpreted into law change.
Three years after the court made it clear that the laws were going against the constitution, Trinadad and Tobago seemed to be on the way to correct the Primes (EOA) related to homosexuality.
The law aims to be read, to curb certain forms of discrimination and promote equality among people of diverse circumstances.
For the purpose, the Fursa Commission and the Fursa Sawa Court were set up to address the issues but so far, they fail to address the issues of discrimination against homosexuality.
The laws that exist deal with gender, race, ethnicity, ethnicity, religion, marriage, or disability in the affairs of employment, education and so on.
The pressure to regulate the current law increased after the Scotiabank Bank in Trinidad and Tobago announced on April 14 that it will expand the health care of a couple of same-sexual employees, as is the case with multiparty workers.
The announcement also raised strong discussions in the country and was commended by the US Business Cup (AMCHAM) by Ian Roach, chairman of the Fursa Sawa Commission, quoted in a discussion with the Newsday newspaper Trinidad and Tobago saying:
It is a good step for both the private sector and the bank, which has different types of employees.
It is important for others to follow this move, despite what the law emphasizes.
Government attorney Faris Al-Rawi said he was inspired by the Scotiabank Bank's move to protect people's rights and that the doors are open to do what is needed to remove the various forms of discrimination that exist in the country.
Al-Rawi's stand seems to change according to his position after the 2018 High Court sentence; as soon as an unconstitutional decision was issued, the government declared his intention to appeal.
While Trinidad and Tobago have made significant progress towards removing various forms of discrimination, but when it comes to discrimination against homosexuals in the country, the fear of homosexuals using religious arguments has not changed much.
Looking at the public response to the Scotiabank Bank's announcement on social media platforms like Facebook the opposition was strong.
At the same time, homosexuals continue not only to deal with discrimination, but also violent acts, most of which end with loss of life.
In a recent event, the death of Marcus Anthony Singh, a member of the gay party in the area where he lives, sparked a heated discussion on the complex environment gays face in particular, as well as their security and discrimination.
Most of the conversations have been taking place through Twitter Spaces, a platform of voice conversation that enables discussion and safe education.
While the Attorney General Al Rawi has not officially issued the transition of the law, both homosexuals and their colleagues, the hope remains that the measures taken by private companies like the Scotiabank Bank will not long be taken away by the government, and ultimately bring about social change.
Duval, a French engineer and founder of the Gaël Institute.
Photo used with permission.
For internet and technology companies, the accumulation of information by Internet users has been their primary source of income.
However, this means of acquiring income puts users at risk as it proves itself in frequent cases of publicity, broadcasting of information and development.
Is there a better way to improve the privacy of internet users?
Companies such as Google and Apple have made it necessary to gather everyday information from their customers, mobile phones, and the connections of various users used frequently as calendar and agenda.
Several resolutions have been following the real place where a person is, and on the other hand the use of health and sports that focuses on collecting clients of customers.
It is believed that these reports are being collected and analyzed with a view to simplify and provide the user with what he urgently needs.
The fact is, however, that internet users and technical users do not know that they are freely reporting for no pay.
Netizen policy activists such as the Austrian Citizen Max Schrems, expressed his feelings about the systematic practices of internet companies and the use of technology to acquire income through the information of their customers.
He highlights the dangers of the repeated harassment and violation of the right privacy law.
One of these incidents was probably well described in a Facebook event known as the Cambridge Analytica case where a private Cambridge Administration Institute Analytica collected updates of 87 million Facebook users without their consent to help the presidential candidates Ted Cz Donal
Schrems says he warned Facebook representatives about the gathering of information from their customers by Cambridge Analytica, but he could not convince them to take action:
Facebook representatives without consulting the words said that in their opinion, when you use a veteran platform you have allowed the people to submit their applications and other materials... for collecting data.
However, why ask yourself about privacy online whereas you have nothing to hide?
Activist Edward Snowden had the answer to this question in Reddit debate in 2015:
Thinking that you don't care about privacy because you don't have anything to hide is like thinking you don't care about the right to express yourself because you don't have anything to say.
The real impact of the use of media platforms
French digital engineer and data expert Gaël Duval has long engaged in the creation of computer users including the Linux Centre for Mandrake, which is the endearment of Linux (second Linux) that everyone has the right to improve and use.
Duval decided to create an end to the system that helps provide sure protection for the information of mobile phone users: /e/OS.
Global Voices spoke to him to find out how technology affects people's lives, opportunities and their effects.
Here is his view of the development of this technology:
This is a philosophical question.
Personally I have mixed feelings about technology because I always have a lot of it about technology.
However, there is a time when I feel tired, I remember those times when you need to call, you are going to an isolated place.
No doubt that was a very smooth and fast life.
Young people might be surprised that until I was five years old, home there was no phone or TV.
There is a time when I think I lived a very different world life, and that isn't really there anymore.
On the other hand, it is very interesting when we try to imagine what we can do in the presence of modern technology, such as contacting a person in the most diverse part of the world through videos of high quality and seeing gasoline cars that fill our lungs with dangerous smoke.
For those who remember, letting the pleasures and restaurants of the years of his system, we are currently facing a high risk of support in the news technology.
A study conducted in 2018 that involved child-based behavioral problems and absensitive telecommunication practices, found that excessive mobile phone use lead to a number of problems including a problem with impairments (ADD) and sonona.
A survey published in 2020 by Common Sense Media noted that 50 percent of the youth in Los Angeles state said they could not stay without using their mobile phones.
The effects of the use of these technologies were recently highlighted by reliable sources in The Social Dilemma's Netflix article, which explains the testimony of former corporate workers including Google, Twitter and Facebook how they were setting up an environment to influence the user to create an addiction for exploitation.
Some governments have tried to tackle the problem by enhancing the law to build awareness of users and increasing accountability to companies.
In 2018, the European Union (EU) passed the Code of Information Protection (GDPR).
This law has added a number of requirements regarding information care in the form of an unacceptable consensus of the user's information and calls for companies to be responsible for eliminating these information after a three-year period without compulsion.
It also provided a great compensation for those who will not respect these regulations.
However, its implementation is facing a lack of work in government authorities, and this law is also about the member states of the European Union.
A tool to empower technology users
As things turn out now, Duval was convinced to organize a tool that enables people to take over the task of protecting their own information, as he explains:
Our Motto is that your report is yours, since our information is our own, and for those who think it should not be so, they don't want freedom and peace, or they own a business that is broadcasting, as personal information can help sell advertising at the cost of more.
This is how the innovative system operates:
/e/ is a system to end the digital solution that doesn't use any information to go to Google/ such as when you look up, where you are and what you think about the privacy of the user.
This system does not in any way address the user's personal data.
It also provides basic online services such as email, museums, calendar, communications all related to the internet.
Duval says that, when it comes to personal data, Google and Apple have similar objectives to pay for Google's commercial system, which basically depends on 8 to 12 billion each year for putting Google's episode on iPhones and iPads.
Duval added:
Using iPhone, the user is sending an average of 6 MB to Google, a day.
It is twice the amount sent by Android netizens.
In addition, Apple's external system is blocked, completely missing from the transparency.
It should only trust them.
We, for our part, are allowing for a change in private policies: all of the /e/OS systems and the organizational tools of online conservation (the shoes used in the creation of this system) are free.
This system can be interrogated and investigated by experts.
In the context of the high increase in the use of mobile phones, it is clear that the law alone is not enough to build awareness and provide users with accurate information and skills to protect their data and here is where it comes to the importance of digital tools that help users get more accountable
The information and understanding is essential to preventing UVIKO-19 infections.
Photo shows health workers in Kenya educating communities about HIV.19.
Photo: Victoria Nthenge and Trocaire has CC BY 2.0 license
The beginning of Kenya's UVIKO-19 vaccine has been plagued by accusations of corruption, bias and corruption that have left many poor people and the elderly waiting in long lines outside public hospitals this time the country faces a third epidemic of infections and deaths due to HIV-19.
Meanwhile, hundreds of Kenyans are paying as much as $00 so they can be called early, as explained in several Kenyan accounts along with the Kenyan and international media.
In early March, Kenya purchased more than 1 million Oxford-AstraZeneca through the COVAX Review Programme on Earth, organized by the World Health Organization via COVAX.
The availability of the vaccines launched a free vaccine campaign at a rice and private hospital.
The release of these drugs was distributed in three stages: health workers and immigration agents, citizens over 58 years old and adults with a variety of health problems, and other citizens living in dangerous conditions such as those living in unofficial shelters.
The country depends on receiving 24 million tips via COVAX.
According to The Washington Post, Kenya aims to contribute 50 percent of its population by June 2022 in collaboration between the COVAX project and international aid.
In a press release, Kenya's UNICEF Representative Maniza Zaman commended the arrival of the first vaccines in Kenya.
Following the arrival of these vaccines, UNICEF and its colleagues are applauding the COVAX's promise to ensure that people from lesser economic countries are not left behind in this international plan to save lives of people by vaccination, he said.
However, the third plan was confused after the operation began because of the last minute decision to hurried the plane's second term as a way to deal with the third wave of infection, resistance political interests, and the government's failure to communicate and inform citizens.
In an article interviewing what is happening in Kenya's UVIKO-19 vaccine, Patrick Gathara, a writer based in Kenya and an award-winning political cartoonist, said:
With a loud and selfish voice, politicians claimed that they should be given priority to build faith in the public, although the Ministry of Health already reported the absence of the major opposition of the vaccine.
Since the government ignored the requirement to explain its plan to the people, there was a lot of confusion about where and when people are expected to stand in line.
Despite government directives to give priority to citizens over the age of 58, media in Kenya reported that business and politicians without this age have been receiving services incompetent, showing deeper and poor discrimination in the country's financial age.
At the same time, qualified elders and poor Kenyans, who do not have access to help and have no money to care for, seem to be waiting in lines all the time from 11pm in the morning, and be asked to go back another day because the drugs have ended, according to the news written by The Washington Post.
They have another door to their friends, Mary Njoroge, 58, one of the teachers, told The Washngton Post.
Without someone to help you complete all the process, what will you do?
A similar incident was reported at another government hospital and @_Sativa, a Twitter user based in Nairobi, who is also a Kenyan.
On the Twitter thread, he described what his aunt had met, a retired schoolteacher with over 60 years.
While the elderly waited for a line, the nurse called the names and the young men came before and got a vaccine.
When her aunt asked what was going on, the nurse gave her a number [ a phone... which she could spend on money, she said on the Twitter thread.
Following reports of increasing mobilization for the vaccine campaign, Kenya's Health Minister, Mutahi Kagwe told the media:
I think we have come to the place where we have created a syndrome that anyone can go to a vaccine and get a service.
I want to put this issue clearly, those providing a vaccine will be accountable for all the medicines they used and that the drugs must be given to someone who deserves the service.
President of the National Association of Nurses in Kenya Alfred Obengo asked Kenyans without a priority list to avoid standing in a vaccine.
Describing how the Kenyan government could avoid the controversy in implementing the plan, Gathara concludes his post by saying:
We could avoid this administration as the Kenyan government and its allies around the world, including the World Health Organization and western governments, would work with Kenya as a partner of this initiative and not a colony subject subjected to violence and exploitation.
It is very sad for Kenyans, their colonial country does not know how to do it.
In December last year, the whole world focused on Argentina where abortions were legally allowed in the country.
But how much are girls and women being forced into parents in other parts of the world?
Watch or listen to this Global Voices Insights show, where our South American editor Melissa Vida conducts a conversation about reproductive rights with experts and subsequent activists:
Deboa Religionz (Brazil): a cultural expertise who runs research projects on biometric ethics, women’s rights, human rights and health.
She teaches Brasilia University, but also studies at Brown University, and is a fertility rights activist.
Her statements about abortions, equality in marriage, separation of governments and religious issues and research on NGOs have received a variety of national and international awards and have been contested in various competitions.
Joy Asasira (Uganda): Advocacy advocate for Birth Health in Africa, Human Rights, and Psychosian and global advocacy strategy, campaigning, and activism and planning.
Joy was awarded the Ugandan Association of Lawyers (ULS) of Best Human Rights Attorney for 2018/2019 and was recognized as the foremost female leader in World Health at the World Women's Summit in the world held at Stanford University in 2017.
Emilie Palamy Pradichit (Thailand): founder and director of the Manushya Corporation, which started in 2017 (Manushya is the Sanskrit word for Human Rights), with the aim of mobilizing the power of local communities, particularly women who advocate for human rights, in order to fight for equality.
Emilie is an international human rights lawyer who deployed to the rights of isolated communities.
R Umaima Ahmed (Pakistan): an independent journalist.
He was originally the Deputy editor of The News on Sunday and The Nation.
R Umaima has over 10 years of online content and newspaper experience.
He has focused on digital security issues, women and animal rights.
It is also Global Voices author.
Dominika Lasota (Poland): a 19-year-old climate activist who is also part of the Fridays For Future and Women's Strike movement.
Telecommunications service agency waiting for customers in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania.
Under the 2020 content regulations, freedom of expression is tightly restricted by the government's administration to remove unauthorized content.
Photo by Fiona Graham/WorldRemit on Flickr, CC BY SA 2.0.
This post is part of UPROAR, a media project that asks the government to address the challenges of digital rights in the Universal Periodic Review (UPR).
In early March, when Tanzanians began questioning and where President John Magufuli was, many citizens used social media to raise questions and express their concerns.
In response to these questions, the government threatened to arrest anyone who used social media to spread fake information about the president.
Government authorities referred to Tanzania's Cybercrime Act 2015 and the Tanzanian Electronic and Postal Communications (EPOCA) regulations set up in 2020 to describe the possibility of arresting and enforcing those who violated the laws.
This was a continuation of government measures, which has frequently applied the laws of cybercrimes and the principles of online content to regulate and restrict digital rights and freedom of opinion in Tanzania.
On March 17, former Vice-President Suluhu Hassan announced on national television that John Magufuli died.
A few days later, Hassan was sworn as the sixth president of Tanzania.
Until then, at least four people had been arrested in different parts of the country for spreading false rumors about the health and place of Magufuli.
Many are now wondering whether Tanzania will review its regulations that regulate online content after the Magufuli regime, or whether these laws will continue to apply until 2025 the remaining Magufuli period will be completed by President Samia Hassan.
In early March, Innocent Bashungwa, Minister of Information, Culture, Art and Sports of Tanzania, warned the media to avoid spreading rumors about Magufuli, who was not seen publicly since February 27.
Law Minister and Constitutional Affairs, Tiger Nchemba, also threatened netizens through his Twitter account for distributing rumors, referring to Article 89 of the Buddhism and Article 16 of Cybercrime Act.
Police head Ramadan Kingai expressed a desire to get to know the Twitter account with Kigogo's name, which has long distinguished itself from blasphemy.
Human rights activists have denounced these measures taken by government officials and the fear of these regulations as well as the threats associated with its implementation.
Netizen Principles: The suppression of digital rights
For more than a decade ago, Tanzania has enjoyed extensive internet and technological developments.
Despite these developments, the government has been setting up an environment for controlling companies and debate platforms and as a result independent media are failing to distinguish itself in terms of the type of comments published by the face of its representatives.
The Internet has created a new platform online for young Tanzanian bloggers and social media activists to raise their voices, but the government does not agree with this new reality.
In 2010, Tanzania published an Electronic and Postal Communications Act, which was of its kind in the country.
As of 2018, specific regulations that regulate online content were issued through the Electronic and Postal Communications (Online content) 2018.
The government argued that these regulations focused on closely monitoring the use of social media, particularly, against the problem of information that spreads hatred and cyberspace.
However, these regulations were not only used against mainstream media but also for individual bloggers and content service providers, who were shocked by a new legal requirement to pay $900 US dollars for license.
The requirement was also about anyone who prepares and levies TV or radio.
Large darkness spread on social media as a result of this sudden fee requirement where many bloggers and creators decided to stop their business because of the high costs.
Politicians and social media users criticized these regulations by getting free of social media and civil society.
In 2020, Tanzania issued a new amendment to the principles of online content, under Article 103 of the Electronic and Postal Communications Act, 2020, and began to apply on July 2020, broadcasting it via the Declaration Na 538 in the Government News.
Some of the major differences between the 2018 and 2020 version of the Netizen Principles o (EPOCA) are
First, Tanzania's Communications Authority (TCRA) reconstructed the topics and multiplied minorities under online content: information & entertainment and education and religion, and continued to curtail personalities.
2020 Netizen Principle, Part VI, Article 116:
Anyone providing online services without access to a proper license, commits an offense and his punishment is the ruling of paying a fine of 6 million Tanzanian Shilingi (2,587 USD) fine
Second, the TCRA added a list of unauthorized content and included, among other things, content that encourages to record people's phones, surveillance, data, censorship, recording, and interaction without permission.
Third, the Netizen Code (EPOCA 2020) regulations have also reduced the period in which a license can work for violations of principles of content by suspended or deleted.
Under 2018 regulations, a license license had 12 hours to do so.
But in 2020 regulations, under part of the III, Article 11, the time for any violations of content was reduced to 2 hours.
Failure to respect this time allows the authorities to intervene, either by blocking or removing the account.
Global Voices spoke to some of the law and human rights experts who criticized the amendments of the 2020 Principles, stating that they challenge the digital rights and rights of civil society.
They said that these regulations restrict digital rights and prevent bloggers and journalists from owning online content.
The biggest problem here is that there are no precautions that have prevented these authorities from being abused, and in the meantime, these authorities are damaging to the freedom of fair expression in Tanzania, said one of the human rights experts who requested not to be informed.
After the poles: Tanzania's digital rights bill
Under the rule of Magufuli, civil society organizations, media and digital rights have been deteriorating rapidly in the face of suppression, gradually, independence online.
After the sudden Magufuli death, many are now wondering about the future of digital rights in the country after six years of administration that has continued to show signs of ribs.
Global Voices spoke to some government officials for not mentioning new regulations and human rights and free speech online.
A special specialist in Tanzania told Global Voices, with no mention:
These regulations are unfair because anyone can be convicted, as not many citizens understand the interpretation of these regulations.
Another thought that the government is treating social media as kero.
He warned citizens to be cautious when speaking in public platforms because the government has the legal power to obtain information through the owners of the platforms.
2020 Netizen regulations make it impossible for a person to be online, under the 9th Crisis (e), netizens to sell the internet (internet café) to register their own online identities, to put an online identity on the computer and to shut down the security lines.
These regulations contribute to criminal acts of defamation of the people, preventing the right to misinformation, punishing the violation of these regulations and granting too much authority to dispose of the TCRA and other under its control.
The Netizen Code (EPOCA) regulates internationally accepted digital rights standards.
For the most part, these regulations restrict freedom of opinion and press freedom in Tanzania.
However, the Tanzanian government is responsible for respecting and maintaining the rights of people to express themselves and gather together with journalists, civil society members, and opposition politicians, according to the Tanzanian constitution and international contracts and those of the community.
These rights are necessary for the right to vote.
Tanzania is situated on digital rights.
Under newly sworn president Hassan, the question of whether the Chama Cha Mapinduzi will continue to silence and restrict digital rights in the country?
Editor's suggestion: The author of this post asked for his name not to be revealed for security reasons.
Taking it to Tanzania ahead wasn't easy, when President John Magufuli came to power in 2015.
His slogan was here a Labor, seen in a green and yellow hat, the colors of the ruling party in Tanzania, the Revolutionary Party Chama, led by Magufuli.
Photo by Pernille Baerendtsen, used with permission.
Thousands of people are gathering in sporting grounds, airports and roadsides, in areas across Tanzania, where President John Pombe Magufuli's body was transported from Dar es Salaam to allow citizens to be treated for a week in Dodoma, the headquarters of the government, the islands of Zanzibar, and Victoria, where she will be home,
Magufuli was announced to die at the age of 61, on March 17, in a speech by former Vice-President Samia Suluhu Hassan, launched on a national television station, an announcement that ended several weeks of rumors about the state of health and where he is.
He allegedly died of heart disease:
Death Report by President Wa United Republic of Tanzania.
The sudden death of Magufuli, however, has left Tanzanians, and others, curious of politics and governance in the East African country.
On Friday, Hassan was vowed to be the sixth president of Tanzania, writing the history of the first woman as the president of Tanzania, the second president to be born on Zanzibar Islands that are part of Tanzania, and the first Muslim woman to take the highest service place in the country.
Under Tanzania's constitution, Hassan will serve for the rest of the remaining five-year term of the Magufuli presidential presidency going to 2025.
In this short video, widely circulated on social media, Hassan ignores any doubts about her ability to lead as a woman:
To all those who are skeptical that this woman will be president of the United Republic of Tanzania I would like to tell them that this person standing here is president.
I would like to repeat that the one standing here is president of the Republic of Tanzania, a female-ranged Republic.
While Tanzanians are mourning Magufuli and reflecting on this sudden change, many seem to be optimistic with Hassan.
Opposition politician Zitto Kabwe, head of the ACT Wazalendo party, has the hope and history of Hassani in activism and work as a civil society member.
The wonderful history of President @SuluhuSamia in 20 minutes told by him Himself.
He said he was activist.
He was a member of the Citizen Actions.
Thank you Chambi for making me see this.
It is not enough to listen.
While Hassan is best known as a man of reconciliation, calling for unity and calm during this transitional period, Magufuli is known as a bulidoza, the nickname he received as the Prime Minister of Building to recognize his success of roads being built.
Remembering Magufuli
Kanga remembers Tanzania's fifth president, John Magufuli, who died on March 17, 2021.
Burian our father god to love / We will always remember our hero
Many Tanzanians and Africans in general remember Magufuli on social media for bad and good.
Magufuli’s bad and good cannot be denounced with the same seriousness, and that means that the memory he leaves behind is controversial but very meaningful.
The camps of supporters of Magufuli and opposers of Magufuli will not agree and the debate will continue for years.
Magufuli gained popularity in the first days of his presidency for his promises of violently fighting corruption.
His efforts to establish large projects aimed at strengthening infrastructure and industrial development increased the hopes of many Tanzanians independence after decades of international aid.
Last April, for instance, Magufuli refused a $10 billion (USD) loan from China for a huge port project interested in being implemented in Bagamoyo near Dar es Salaam, saying, only a drunkard can comply with this condition.
This trumpet curses President Magufuli to the last year's elections.
It reads: You promised You Have Done Thanks.
It is arrayed by photos of Magufuli's success in road construction, aircraft purchase, bridge construction and modern railways.
Photo by Pernille Baerendtsen, used with permission.
His anti-corruption stand also attracted the West, and the media originally wrote his position with a positive view.
For some, Magufuli is remembered as a truly African son and an African activist who put the interests of Africa first.
Others remember him as a popular president putting patriotism above anything else:
I have been following Tanzania as it laments John Magufuli.
We denounced his digital methods and criticized him for his ignorance of science, but it is clear, watching people standing on the road.
However, Magufuli's administration was dictatorial and had a profound impact on human rights and freedom of expression.
For more than six years, Human Rights Watch, Amnesty International, the Committee to Protect Journalists (CPJ), Global Voices and others have been monitoring the declining protection of civil rights and human rights.
Tanzania dropped six positions in the Freedom of Expression measured democracy and independence between 2020 and 2021.
While the Parliament was discussing the January 2019 Civil Party Act, a law criticized for tightening political parties, it was interpreted as the worst indication of the owl when it appeared inside the parliament.
The rule of the blogosphere often used a variety of laws such as the Electronic and Postal Communications Act (EPOCA) (EPOCA), or the Cybercrime Act for voice and free expression.
A change in 2020 regulations aimed at preventing citizens from spreading information that could lead to a violation of peace or sedition and content that covers epidemics or serious diseases without any confirmation by the government through its senior officials.
Citizens could not speak about the earthquake that hit the coastline last month, despite news of an explosion in the country a few months later.
And during the two weeks of rumors about Magufuli and his health in early March, at least four people were allegedly arrested for tweeting about the presidential disease.
Or died to Korona?
Magufuli reportedly died of a heart disease which says he had been receiving treatment for 10 years.
But Magufuli's sudden death left many questioning whether he was infected with the Korona virus (UVIKO-19).
For many in particular, Western countries Magufuli will be remembered for denying the existence of Korona's disease.
As the disease enters Tanzania, the government took precautions and provided guidelines on how to fight the spread of the disease, but later, Magufuli has repeatedly considered the people's prevention to continue their business as the biggest economic threat of the disease.
He often challenged international guidance on health regulations such as wearing the continent, avoiding congestion and vaccines urging citizens to rely on requests and medical treatment as alternative measures.
After Magufuli blocked the announcement of Korona's infections last April, he stressed that Korona had failed with the power of prayer.
Shortly thereafter, he announced that Tanzania does not have Korona's disease.
Although it is impossible to say how much Korona affected Tanzania, what we know is that Korona did not leave.
When Korona's new explosion took place in January, many Tanzanians talked about their testimonies on social media, telling about the disease as diagnosed as Korona.
Recognizing that they could be arrested for discussing Korona, the discussion went on the name of new pneumonia and the challenges of respiracy.
But Magufuli took his stand against the vaccine in a speech he gave at his home in Chato, on January 27:
If a white person could come up with a vaccine, then he would have discovered the AIDS vaccine; he would have discovered the source of tuberculosis; and now would know the malaria vaccine; he would get cancer.
This request may be considered as a backward to Magufuli's predecessor, President Jakaya Kikwete, who has served as an ambassador to the world for protection at the beginning of 2016.
Last month, Magufuli finally admitted that his country has a problem with a corner, urging Tanzanians to wear their own continents.
The curious say Magufuli's move to change the views of the korona were sponsored by the death of the Zanzibar Seif Sharif Hamad.
Several senior officials from a class of prominent politicians near Magufuli have died of the disease.
As crowds of people continue to gather to pay their last respects to the president, on the other hand his death has generated some
Shortly after Magufuli's death, journalist Elsie Eyakuze emerged on social networks to speak out about life as a result of Korona's explosion in Tanzania, while the president pointed out his intentional disregard for the Korona virus.
On Twitter, he said:
Now.
For the real story I have been at a loss to tell for too long.
#uzi.
In March 2020, Korona's explosion began to take place around the world.
Tanzania was not left.
But in April 2020 we stopped any efforts together to curb the spread of the disease in the country.
On his final tweets, he said:
Did he die from Korona?
Yes, of course.
This and that.
And they.
Tanzanians.
And elsewhere.
But aren't those who want to talk about you?
They are not the Story itself.
It is part of the story.
A friend is looking for you.
Can you?
Can we do this to be ours?
Please do so.
I will do that.
Tomorrow.
In an open letter to Magufuli, Eyakuze explains the change in Magufuli’s ideology, but uses a tactic to understand the other's feelings, a tactic that seems to be defeating Magufuli himself once again and forgiving him.
Tanzanians agree with the complexity and seriousness of Magufuli's death and the memories he leaves behind while their eyes are closed in front.
Who has the power to decide what is visible and what doesn't appear on the web?
This is the important question posed by activist and writer Jillian C. York in his next book Silicon Values,* being launched on March 23, 2021.
On Wednesday, February 10p. 2:00m GMT, Jillian will join the executive director Ivan Sigal for a live video conversation about his book, which, as he explains in the diplomacy, we seek to exclude the history of how mass communication platforms in Silicon Valley created its own system, which is about how we govern.
Jillian, the director of the International Freedom of Expression of Independence in Electronic Frontier Foundation, and is a popular Global Voices member, where he struggles to write about digital freedoms and freedom of expression in the Middle East.
The show is free and open to the public and will fly directly on Facebook, YouTube, and Twitch.
We are eager to see you join us on Monday, February 10 p. 2:00 GMT (click here to look at the time of your area)!
*We bought this book through this link will help contribute to Global Voices.
A young man watching his mobile phone in Tanzania, December 9, 2018.
Photo by Riaz Jahanpour, by USAID / Digital Development Communications via Flickr, CC BY 2.0.
Korona's first virus was reported in Tanzania in the middle of March, 2020.
However, after a statistic continued to climb to 509 patients and 21 deaths in late April, the Tanzanian government announced that there is no one HIV patient in June.
That same month, Kassim Majaliwa, the country's prime minister, told the parliament that there were only 66 patients across the country, but he did not provide further explanation.
Since then, the government has been silent about the Korona virus, with strong political statements denying the presence of the virus continued to be released without any patient statistics or deaths.
Today, many activities are going on as usual, including a tourism sector in Tanzania, which attracts thousands of foreigners to the country via unorganized airports.
The Zanzibar airport got the lowest of two stars in the health and security assessment by Critics of Security in Airports against UVIKO-19, the only criteria to verify the actions taken by airports to strengthen the warnings during the outbreak.
According to Skytrax's report, two newly infected South African virus patients were proved to travel to Denmaki on 19 Janura, from Tanzania.
An eagerly awaited music concert that takes place once a year, Busara Voices, will take place in the middle of February on the islands of Zanzibar, in the face of the European Union in Tanzania and some European ambassadors in Tanzania, while the country is facing a high risk of the new type of virus that is spreading in the country and South Africa, Brazil.
On January 24, the Catholic province of Arusha issued a petition to its adherents against the presence of UVIKO-19 in Tanzania, calling on its faithful to follow all important health precautions to protect themselves from the spread of the virus in the churches.
Although the record shows that Tanzania has fewer patients compared to other countries, the government's silence over UVIKO-19 statistics has raised concerns among health professionals and human rights activists, who are prohibited from speaking and talking about HIV-19 on media platforms.
The country made a revision of the 2018 edition of the Electronic and Postal Communications Communications (Source in July, blocking information related to a deadly or deadly disease epidemic or anywhere without the permission of the authorities.
Although preliminary HIV prevention measures were taken, schools, colleges, offices, and other social activities are now back in normal shape.
However, the virus continues to spread in the country.
President John Magufuli expressed concern about the quality of laboratories and the integrity of his aristocracy after alleged attempts to be made using poppai and goats to bring the response to the virus.
The president said he said the statistics were causing a senseless cynic and shortly thereafter, chased Nyambura Moremi, director of the nation’s health labed, for allegedly censoring test results.
The UVIKO-19 team created by the minister ended up dissolved.
In June, Magufuli thanked God for removing the virus from Tanzania, following three days of national prayer.
He made the announcement publicly at Sunday, amidst the faithful who praised him, claiming that God has responded to their prayers.
Magufuli praised the faithful for not wearing the region, despite the call for the World Health Organization to call on the continent to wear the region to prevent the spread of the virus.
Magufuli, nicknamed bulldozer for his extremist stand against corruption, was elected for the second time in October 2020 in a highly criticized election for discriminating against the opposition.
Before the election, Tanzanians were surprised at the end of the networks where all major social media platforms including Instagram, WhatsApp and Twitter were closed.
To date, many Tanzanians cannot enter Twitter without using VPN.
For more than five years, the Magufuli administration has obsessed the freedom of democracy and civil practices along with the right to freedom of expression and access to information on digital platforms.
Following the extremist position of the government to deny the existence of UVIKO-19, Tanzanians are not allowed to provide any statistics of UVIKO-19 that the government is unsafe, which means that ordinary citizens including journalists and health professionals are being blocked from commenting on HIV-19 in important domains or reporting.
The right to access UVIKO-19 information has become a privileged class for some, according to a state hospital who spoke to Global Voices for unknown terms, fearing expulsion.
Unlike other countries with special teams that work for UVIKO-19, Tanzania has a few posted information about EVIKO-19.
The statement against HIV-19 seems to be accepted by many Tanzanians, including health professionals, who ignore key measures to take lectures as the wearing of the continent and avoiding congestion.
Global Voices visited a number of hospitals including Muhimbili, an appeal hospital in Dar es Salaam, the country's Cultural capital, and Benjamin Mkapa Hospital in Dodoma, a political capital, and watching a few warnings against the spread of HIV.
People are allowed to enter hospitals without wearing the region, there are few cleaning facilities and washing their hands and existing ones that are waterless or disintegrated, for example, in the middle of pregnant women Muhimbili.
While Magufuli's regime has not shown concern for the virus's impact on everyday civilian life, many ministers of his government and his departments agree that the UVIKO-19 exists.
Tanzania's Finance Minister calls on his Ministry's staff to take all precautions against the virus, at the same time saying Tanzania is not affected by UVIKO-19.
Image from Mwananchi.
For example, when Magufuli was sworn for the second time last year, the government authorities took a lot of warnings against the UVIKO-19, forcing all in attendance to measure body temperature and wash their hands on sprouts and sprout their hands.
On January 25, Tanzanian Finance Minister Dk. Philip Plano asked his ministry to take a warning against EVIKO-19 and at the same time deny the disease in Tanzania, during his meeting in Dodoma, there were political headquarters.
Many local experts are afraid to speak, in fear of action.
Global Voices spoke to a health agency who believed that Tanzania could be facing a second wave of blast but thinking citizens were hidden.
The expert didn't want to be named, afraid of taking action.
Another health professional told Global Voices on its anonymity that people must know the state of UVIKO-19 so they can be cautious and prevent the spread of the virus to their communities.
He said that leaving people in the dark makes their work difficult but he believed that Tanzanians will try to protect themselves by taking all the precautions as recommended by the World Health Organization (WHO).
He told Global Voices:
Politicians have captured the whole issue of UVIKO-19 and are playing a dangerous game, but when people start to die they will start expelling medical personnel.
Another doctor who spoke to Global Voices for his anonymity said that although there is hope for protection, the Tanzanian government's statements to deny the presence of the disease will ensure access to it, because the government has not taken any action to seek out the world's markets, and instead run for herbal medicines.
In December 2020, Health Minister's spokesman Gerald Chamii expressed doubts about the global vaccine, telling the East African magazine:
It doesn't take six months to get a vaccine or a cure.
We have stranded ourselves since the blast began, I am not sure it is wise to implement the immunity and spread it to the public without medical tests to prove its safety for our people.
Finding information is important for democracy and development.
Tanzania's netizen rules have been misused aiming to silence voices by those speaking against Tanzania's reaction to the issue of EVIKO-19.
Freedom of expression, including the right to obtain, receive, and share information, has been protected by international laws.
In Tanzania, the right to freedom of information, and information and information, is recognized by Article 18 (1) and 18 (2) of the Tanzanian Constitutional Republic of Tanzania.
However, these rights seem to be more theories than reality.
In a state where the government denies the presence of UVIKO-19 and the existence of laws that prevents people from reporting and commenting on the disease, online and streets, Tanzanians are left without key information and many are afraid to speak.
This post is part of a series of articles that study the evacuation of digital rights during interim banning the spread of HIV in nine African countries: Uganda, Zimbabwe, Mozambique, Algeria, Nigeria, Namibia, Tunisia, and Tanzania.
The project is funded by Africa's digital Rights Foundation run by the International ICT Policy Cooperation for East Africa and the Vision of Africa (CIPESA).
Image showing a graduation of police training in Mozambique | a photo of a screen on August 19, STV Youtube, was beaten by the owner
Mozambican police documents evacuated in the press in August showed that 15 students were pregnant at a police training school in Matalane, the district of Maputo province.
The documents say that these pregnancies are the result of the sexual relationship between students and teachers without describing whether they were voluntary.
However it has been stated that pregnant students will not be able to finish their training now, and they will travel back to their homes and police.
In the end the report said that the trainers involved will be suspended.
When asked by the newspaper O País on August 8, General Police Commissioner Bernardino Rafael said that all participants will meet with disciplinary procedures.
It didn't take long before this case was condemned on social media.
Several netizens pointed out that the school's decision was not pleased and demanded justice for the women.
Kuharajati Fátima Mimbire wrote in Facebook:
Matalane should be taken seriously.
I am deeply disillusioned by the pregnancies of the 15 students of the Matalane training center.
This big thing.
It is a great thing because if the documents show the participants are teachers.
Now one person with authority over another is conceived and the result is a little process?
This reminds me about a teacher who claimed sexual corruption for her students to give them to the grades or not to defam them because her views are stupid, and instead of being charged that the teacher was transferred to teach them elsewhere.
And there he continues his spray.
Txeka, a female rights activist, also condemned this issue on Twitter:
The Counsel of Matalane
Making a society of social equality in protecting equal rights for citizens requires academic education and development policies regarding citizens' development and scientific knowledge and ethics and patriotism.
The Counsel of Matalane
Blaming violence against women is a common practice for philanthropists, known for harassing women and perpetrating them to abide by men's demands and convicting the victims' actions and reducing the guilt of harassers.
University professor Carlos Serra said:
Matalane?
It's a tiny piece of snow peeping and Matalane is ours.
I think the day starts to tell their odds, starting from their childhood.
Similarly, journalist and activist Selma Inocência said:
Very few teachers have been in court, charged and convicted.
They are responsible for losing their childhood thousands of girls.
School is not a safe place.
The statistics show that hundreds of girls get pregnant in school and other participants are teachers and school principals.
The request has been passed calling for punishment for the officers involved.
So far more than 3,8000 people have been shattered.
For the government this issue is fundamental and is undergoing a thorough investigation at the ministry level and the head of the Mozambican police chief.
The judge cannot and will not tolerate such issues.
The law must take its course and it is for everyone.
Nobody is above the law.
The investigation continues by investigating details in this case and considering the psychological and emotional condition of pregnant women because they deserve to be respected for their dignity.
Another Trial
This is a continuation of the brutal cases faced by the women of Mozambique who are not being reported in the media.
One of the cases that recently became headlines was that of Alberto Niquice, Liberation Front of Mozambique, who is facing criminal case for rape in a 13-year-old child in 2018.
Earlier this year, 30 civilian institutions in Mozambique asked Niquice not to be appointed again in 2019.
However, the vice president took the office and is working as usual in the parliament.
Another case in the media is regarding the atrocities committed by Josina Machel, the daughter of the first president of Mozambique, Samora Machel.
In October 2015, Josina was beaten by her three-year-old Rofini Licuco being left with one eye's blindness.
Licuco was sentenced to 3 years in prison and 4 months and paid a compensation of 300 million meters ($4.2 million) for Josina.
However Rofino appealed and this year the Supreme Court dismissed the case far from claiming that there wasn't enough evidence in the case.
Tuesday, contribute Global Voices: https://globalvoices.org/donate/
2020 year has been unique and unfinished.
Above all, we of Global Voices have continued to publish stories from all four corners of the world, bringing our readers a unique global perspective on issues such as the blast of EVIKO-19, racial equality, protests in countries such as Belarus and Thailand, and more, and more.
The Blogger community, writers, journalists and digital activists of Global Voices has been working for over 16 years to build bridges between countries and languages and defend media freedoms, transparency, and the right to everyone, wherever and freedom of expression.
Please Change Global Voices This Tuesday of Giving
Our work and the community of our international authors is proof that human relations regardless of the diversity diversity range can change how people understand the world.
Please contribute today to help us develop this important work.
... Changia Global Voices >
December 2004.
It was necessary to be a university student to use Facebook, Twitter was still unused, aggressors were still living in the fabric of convincing narratives.
Our phones were still unreasonable, leaking at the time meant water and you would call him a fundibomba to repair, and Amazon.com was still unable to sell some products.
There were many news sites, blogs were there and they did well, and we started to talk online.
That is where Global Voices was born.
We have been there for 15 years!
At the age of dogs, that is 110.
Over the years, that is equivalent to 1000 years.
Today we wish to use this opportunity to thank our twenty journalists who circulated around the world and our faithful readers and allies for giving Global Voices power and the ability to keep going.
Since 2004, we have helped write a big story around the world.
We have published nearly 100,000 articles, and created special posts designed to enable local communities to take advantage of digital networks and fight for online rights, including building a network of translators who translate over 51 languages.
Without you, there would be no Global Voices.
Help us to complete another 15 years.
We really mean you need your help.
Donations from individuals help to protect our freedom and enable us to make difficult decisions to grow and change.
Please support today!
Donate now!
Travelers crossing the border between Ghana and Togo, West Africa, on January 25, 2016.
Photo by Enock4seth via Wikimedia Commons, CC BY-SA 4.0.
African leaders have taken a hasty decision to combat UVIKO-19.
The African Center for Disease Control (ACDC) created a UVIKO-19 work on February 5, before the continent has seen a single patient.
Today, Africa, which is currently the world's lowest infrastructure with 1,293,048 confirmed HIV-19 patients and most interestingly 1,031,905 patients reporting on recovery, according to Africa CDCP.
The country has less than 5 percent of the patients reported around the world and less than 1% of all deaths worldwide.
Now, as African countries led by the African Union they are completing the COVID-19 barriers and preparing to reopen their economy and borders, many governments are using creative technology.
The diversity of unity, of African technology that can monitor the spread and convene COVID-19 centres across the continent has led to the use of PanaBIOS, a technology of biological observation supported by the African Union.
PanaBIOS has produced a software program that sets firearms and websites and uses algomus to follow people at risk and record samples from nature to laboratory.
The technology is created by Koldchain, the Kenyan Spring Institute, and funded by AfroChampions, public and private collaboration designed to bring together the resources of Africa and the institution to help the panels and success of private sectors in Africa.
Ghana is the only country for this time that uses the PanaBIOS technology while opening its borders.
PanaBIOS to ensure travelers can use test results from other countries to meet the demands of port consent for the country they are traveling through the PanaBios program or by adding to the information generated by transport papers.
Medical officers in the port are using a commercial version to regulate health papers in the right way for all countries.
Complete laws to protect data and privacy
The African and African coalition CDCP urges member nations to take part in a TV-based platform, PanaBIOS that will allow the results across the continent to be joined together.
But the prospect of intervening has raised a lot of questions about data's credibility and privacy.
Government and manipulation censorship can exacerbate fear and threaten citizenship, especially in the continent where only 27 out of 54 countries have a perfect law of security and data independence.
Other countries in Africa, if Ghana has altered the law to give the president an urgent authority to deal with the disaster by ordering a telecommunications company to give private clients such as a customer store, the memory of the customer's phone, a mobile money data that has been transferred to use and has not been used, the agendas of traders, and address.
To be sure of data security and security, all the learning techniques used by PanaBIOS are in the general data.
The data collected is edited for the analysis of statistics not a private data to raise for arriving, where it will be decided to reach suspects or victims.
To ensure the prevention of intervention, the African Union, the PanBIOS, and its colleagues must propose how they want to take into account the laws of data protection of different countries to protect privacy, to ensure the consent of the data and to avoid taking part in a business data.
Currently, this pragramu-use does not have a private policy available to the public, where it describes users the rules of collecting and participating in the data.
The challenge is how the policy will achieve a variety of purposes, votes, nationals, and lawsuits to protect data such as the United Africa Convention on Internet Security and Security of Personal Statistics, South African Development Community (SADC) regulation on data, West Community (Africase) on West Africa Development.
Technology solutions have contributed to success in coping with COVID-19 Africa
Aside from PanaBIOS, some Afika nations have complemented the technological response to the spread of COVID-19.
For example, scientists from Sengali have created a COVID-19 mechanism that costs $1 and 3D of patients.
Wellvis, an organisation in Nigeria, created a COVID-19, an independent Internet tool to help users measure the risk of contamination according to the signs and history of being threatened.
The South African government used a text message Whatsapp to provide interactive conversations to answer common questions about false stories, the symptoms and treatment of COVID-19.
And Uganda, women in the market used a Soko Garden to sell their products at home to use the program, then a motorcycle taxi to take the buyer.
Africa has succeeded in regulating and regulating the spread of COVID-19 has been associated with the poor, the capacity to measure and monitor the deceased, and the likelihood of being vulnerable to SARS-CoV-2 other Africans.
But it is clear that technology-profit inventions have contributed to the sharpness of COVID-19, as well as the leadership at the beginning of the disaster.
Solomon Zewdu, deputy doctor and Melinda, summarized how, in January, while many western nations hesitated, Ethiopia started a scratching AddisAba's congress.
Rwanda became the first African country to suppress ordinary constitutions on March 21, and a number of countries in Africa recently followed the hivo: South Africa implemented numerous usual threats as it grew up with 400 cases and two deaths.
(In that number of people, Italy grew up with over 9,000 cases and 400 deaths took action.)
By contrast, the beauty of those affected by dying in America is six times the number of Africa.
Public health professionals calculated that the disaster would affect the African continent and the dead bodies of the streets.
Bayana, Africa has proved otherwise.
This story is based on a study by Factcheck Lab, a coalition of facts based in Hong Kong, which is also a Global Voices partner where the author is a member of the community.
From September 22, news and social media outlets circulating in Chinese networks did not mention that the main scientist of the World Health Organization (SAD), Dr. Soumya Swaminathan, said Chinese vaccines against COVID-19 have been confirmed by the effect.
These reports and publications are quoting the source of a minute video produced by Chinese television by the use of video participation in China Miaopai.
The video shows a speech by SAD executive director Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus speaking about the need to raise the need for HIV vaccine, followed by Dkt.Swaminathan's statement.
In the CCTV video, which shortly describes WHO's prime scientist: China’s HIV-19 vaccines are guaranteed to have an impact (), a Swaminathan report:
As you know, they have a perfect vaccination program and some vaccines in advance in clinical testing, this is also a concern for us, we are closely following it.
Some of the colleagues have confirmed the benefits of the ongoing clinical trials.
But Dkt.Swaminathan's original speech is edited.
His last sentence, in fact, started with a word if, and the root of the background made it appear as if he says it confirmed instead.
The Dkt.Swaminathan's complete statement is the following:
We have been involved in the debate with China for the past months because, as they also know, those who have a perfect program to promote vaccines and their vaccines are taking the lead in front of the clinical tests, it is interest for us, so we follow closely.
We have had a constructive and open discussion and have always insisted on their promising volunteers around the world if some of their vaccines have gone through tests of the ongoing clinics."
So I think of the ongoing dialogue, it is still clear and we are sending many countries to know about it.
These statements were made at a press conference are not the SAD case that took place on September 21.
A complete number of the one-pm event can be found here.
The conference aimed to submit an advisory coverage of an US$18 billion and other organisations to send a vaccine to the UVIKO-19 before the world.
So far, 156 nations have registered themselves in this plan; neither China nor America are among them.
As was estimated, CCTVT video, as well as the information report produced, has attracted patriotic consent.
The website at Weibo and Daily Economic News has been loved by more than 337,000 people.
Below here are some popular opinions:
I am very proud of my country.
This is the gift of the National Day and the Festival of Interior.
You can't think of China's straw.
Navunia my country.
China has saved the world.
After auditors certainly signed the words of Dkt. were misled, the media baradh, including CGTN and CCTV, deleted their social media publications.
Among them is China Youth Communist Party, whose post was shared by Twitter user @Emi20JP before disappearing from Weibo:
Tedros fits to be shot first.
As @Emi20JP, many of the Twitter survivors believed WHO was assisting China with distorting the video, and published a negative comment for Tedros:
Tedros is a toilet resistance!
I will give Tedros an extra shot!
And my mom told me, the news of the team said America will buy a lot of vaccine from China.
I don't have to explain. Leaves live in their fantasy.
A very good job, ranging from the spread of the virus to the marketing of the vaccine!
Although Chinese publications have been deleted, copyright sources are still circulating on social media, such as the public post WeChat.
Beijing news agencies in Hong Kong, such as Speak Out HK (and Today Review), have also published information on the video.
There are about 200 HIV vaccines-19 far from the worldwide clinical test, and most of them have been created by Chinese libraries.
Nothing has passed a 3nd trial date now.
Protest against the death of physician Silvio Dala in Luanda.
Photo by Simão Hossi, CC-BY 3.0
Hundreds of Angolans took to the streets to protest on September 12 in Luanda, Benguela and 15 other cities against police brutality.
The protest started after shocking news about the death of a 35-year-old doctor Silvio Dala, who died on September 1 under police care.
According to authorities reports, Dala left with his car from David Bernardino Children's Hospital in Luanda, where he works as a clinical director and was suspended by police because he did not wear the continent.
The doctor was taken to Catotes police station in the nearby town of Rocha Pinto, and when she showed signs of desperation and started to faint, she collapsed and made a slight head injury in her head said the official police report.
It also said that Dala died when police officers took him to the hospital.
The Medical Association opposed the report.
The party's president Adriano Manuel, told the American Sauti (VOA) that there is a controversy in the authority's explanation where it shows that the doctor was solved.
Manuel told the German Voice (DW) that the source of death the police described is not real.
Anyone who is a medical doctor and has studied medicine will know that this is not what killed Silvio.
According to DW, a news source from interior ministry says the investigation took place in front of the family and the prosecutor proved that the doctor was not a victim of the beating.
The party said it would take legal action against the police.
Meanwhile the Angolan government has formed a commission associated with the Ministry of Health to investigate the event.
The Kenyans do not believe the police report on the death of Dala.
The banners used by protesters in different parts of Luanda said: No more Massacre, You Protect us, you are not going to kill us, I am Silvio Dala, They Kill Silvio Dala.
There were also those who asked the Minister of Interior Eugénio Laborinho to resign.
Protests were organized by the Association of Doctors in collaboration with civil institutions and institutions.
Protest against the death of physician Silvio Dala in Luanda.
Photo by Simão Hossi, CC-BY 3.0
Protest against the death of physician Silvio Dala hiko Luanda.
Photo by Simão Hossi, CC-BY 3.0
Since the beginning of the controversial disaster in Angola, several cases of police have been reported to use powerful force during the investigation and sometimes lead to civilian deaths.
Speaking to Lusa, a blasphemer on Brigadeiro 10 Pacotes, whose real name is Bruno Santos, asked Lugarinho to resign and also asks the police school to improve its training structure.
The police force is an institution that should give the people the courage, but today the people are not courageous, namely scared when they meet the police, he concluded.
Protest against the death of physician Silvio Dala in Luanda.
Photo by Simão Hossi, CC-BY 3.0
Many moved the protests on Facebook and WhatsApp to protest.
Activist and scholar Nuno Álvaro Dala wrote in Facebook:
NEW THIS NEVER PRESENT AND DEVER NATION DALALA
Images are very powerful and equal.
We must all demand justice.
Police in the country must pay for their crimes.
Things cannot continue to be this.
On Twitter, Isabel dos Santos, former chairman of Sonangol's gasoline cords, former presidential daughter José Eduardo dos Santos, said:
#EuSouSilvioDala sábado anunciada manifestação pacífica e silenciosa pelo Sindicato Nacional dos Médico, de Angola (SINMEA),convidando to dodossipic de de deúdelalacomcomcomcomcomcomcomcomcomcomcomcomcomcomcomcomcomcom
Isabel Dos Santos (@isabelaangola) September 11, 2020
#MimiNiSilvioDala.
On Saturday Chama of the Angolan doctors (SINMEA) announced a quiet and peaceful strike calling on health workers, other parties and civil institutions to protest police brutality as a sign of remembering the doctor Silvio Dala, at 6:30 pm.
The headline: Angolas enter the streets against police brutality and demanding the killing.
Meanwhile, in Tweeter Alejandro also questioned the participation of netizens in Angola in this event:
Quando o George Floyd foi morto os chamados Influencers Angolanos mostraram o seu apoio aovimento Black Lives Matter, masm a morte dodico angolano Sílvio Dalas vs irmão influence famão
Ale Alejandro (@AlejandroCutieG) September 7, 2020
While George Floyd was assassinated by the so-called Cambodians who demonstrated his support for the Black Life process There is a Treasure, but in the death of Angolan doctor Silvio Dala, they do nothing about this!
Hachalu Hundessa was interviewed by OMN via Firaabeek Entertainment / CC BY 3.0.
The Editor's note: This is a two-language analysis on Hachalu Hundessa, a prominent Oromo musician whose murder provoked violence of religious and ethnic beliefs because of misinformation presented on social media.
Read the second part here
Ethopian musician Hachalu Hundessa gained popularity by his creative and talent to identify the public about the Oromo people.
He was killed in the outskirts of Ethiopia's capital, Addis Ababa, on June 29.
That night on three and a half hours, while Hachalu got off his car, a man named Tilahun Yami walked to his car and shot him in his chest.
He was rushed to a nearby hospital where he was officially confirmed dead.
It was later discovered that the bullet seriously damaged its internal organs.
Addis Ababa's chief police reported that two suspects have been arrested.
After a few days the authorities sentenced the killers and their two partners.
In his assassination, the country has come into a difficult time to calm the violence that followed.
The fact is that the Hachalu massacre is not clear and its result, rumors began to spread after politicians and activists stressed the conflict between the leaders of Oromo and Amahara which are the largest ethnic groups in Ethiopia.
On the day of his funeral, mourners were flooded in the streets of Addis Ababa and other cities surrounding the province of Oromo.
The next morning the Oromia Media Network Centre (OMN), where Hachalu conducted his final interrogation, aired broadcasts via television and networks and showed while his coffin was transported from Addis Abababa to their home in Ambo.
The slow-driven announcement turned into a struggle between the authorities and the opposition leaders, with some controversies to be buried in Hachalu and OMN had to announce; they were reportedly forced to return to Addis Ababa.
Ten people were killed and several others injured in Addis Ababa.
The clash led to the arrest of some opposition leaders, Jawar Mohammed, the leader of OMN and the opposition leader Bekele Gerba where they were charged for inciting violence.
The controversy broke out further after the government authorities took Hachalu's body back and took it to their hometown Ambo by helkopta, where both sides continued to compete and deprive the families of the dates of giving their brother a proper burial.
After that the violence and clashes followed.
The clashes took three days to rip apart some of the cities of Oromo and Addis Ababa and the real devastation is: the deaths of 239 people and hundreds injured, more than 7,000 people have been arrested for causing violence and destruction of the worth of millions of bids, cash.
On June 30, the government tried to shut down the internet to prevent the spread of mobilization that is being carried out on social media and ending for three weeks.
Several people were shot by security authorities but some sources were attacked by the American Sauti and Addis Standard reported that angry groups from the Oromo tribe attacked people of different groups including cities and streets of different faiths, located in the South East of Oromo, targeting families of non-lamists and Muslims in the region.
More violence was in the mixed region of the Amahara-Oromo and religion may have played a big role because of the awareness that: the South East Oromo community is identified by the sands of Islamic religion and the users of Afan-Oromo.
One local farmer said that we thought Hachalu was Muoromo after watching lively broadcasting the Hachalu burial activities following the traditions of the Tewahedo Ethiopian Orthodox Church.
According to reports, many victims of the violence were Amharaan Christians, Christians in Malaysia and the people of Gurage.
One evidence said that the groups destroyed and burned property and committed murder by slapping the heads and feet of the victims.
Interror forecasting
When news about the Hachalu massacre was heard only, the source of the Democratic Diaspora included his death and a final interview made by Hachalu and the OMN station led by Guyo Wariyo, and it was launched a week before Hachalu was killed.
During an interview Gayo repeated asking Hachalu questions about his support for the ruling party and regularly interrupted him in response.
Hachalu refused to support the ruling party but also criticized the conflict and separation in the Oromo political parties, expressing freedom of thought as a musician that made him vulnerable to online attacks until the day he was killed.
However, Guyo asked Hachalu about the historic harassment of Oromo people by the now-building Ethiopian King Menelik II.
Hachalu surprised many listeners when he said that a horse planted by Menelik at a statue in Addis Ababa was the property of a Syrian farmer named Sida Debelle, and Menelik stole the horse.
The response attracted a proud and critical comment from different people in Facebook and Twitter.
While Hachalu was murdered a week later many Oromo out of the country felt that Hachalu's attempt to criticise a Menelik II image angered the supporters of the royal Ethiopia and caused his death.
On social media people struggled with what Hachalu said against Menelik, and this led to widespread rumors with a lot of false information.
The other part of the interview has been carrying information about separation and conflict within the Oromo community.
Throughout the interview Guyo dug Hachalu about the political reforms taking place in the country and about the anti-government movement by asking the question about Prime Minister Abiy Ahmed, who is Muoromo and that if the government has managed to meet the demands of the Oromo people since coming to power in 2018.
Hachalu repeated that he was not involved in Oromo's misconduct but criticized all those who judge Abiy's patriotism.
He protected his position against the main opposition leaders who joined the Tigray People's Liberation Front (TPLF), which once marked the closest party with Ethiopian People's Revolution Front (the EPRDF).
TPLF became an opposition party after Abiy demolished EPRDF.
Hachalu also spoke of the ongoing political violence in the Oromo Region condemning both the authorities and militants of the right-year militant group Oromo Liberation Front (OLF) where it is also known as OLF-Shane).
Following the Hachalu massacre, the government managed to take a 71-minute interrogation line and throw it to the public.
The plant includes a message of death threats used in Hachalu from the West of Oromo, where the OLF-Shane militants operate.
Hachalu said he believed he wouldn't be attacked on the internet if he praised OLF-Shane.
He spoke directly about the conflict with Getachew Assefa, Ethiopia's Supreme Security officer at TPLF in power.
Guyo, who announced the interview on his Facebook page, calls you to see it a few days before his explosion, has been arrested by the police ever since and the government is investigating the 71-minute strip of the interview in order to find some examples that will help them solve the origin of Hachalu's massacre.
Read more about the effects of Hachalu Hundessa's murder in part 2.
Photo from Guardian YouTube video about women's reception.
The COVID-19 disaster has affected women’s rights in the Middle East and North Africa; from increasing violence in the homes to losing their jobs.
But there is one phenomenon where women have been affected, and this is after the explosion of Korona's disaster and a tent to deal with.
In April, the United Nations announced that from the clashes due to the struggle of a corona crisis, there are 2 million cases of resentment that are excluded from the future decade which would put one in the way of preventing one another from impassing plans and efforts of revolting and
Refugees include partially cutting or eliminating the external vagina, or injuring the vagina without any connection or concept of medical treatment, according to the World Health Organization (WHO).
This act is a traditional and religious tradition that has grown roots across Africa, the Middle East and Asia, and is carried out by bias, magicians with knives, torches or bottles.
Cybercrime is also known as the banning of the interior is believed to be one of the most extreme violence against girls and women, and it is still being reported in the early part of the Middle East.
At least 200 million women have been affected by it.
This is well illustrated by UNICEF in a video:
In the Middle East and North African region, remorse is a problem that primarily poses a problem with Egypt, Sudan, Yemen, Iraq and Djibouti.
Carlos Javier Aguilar, Child Security Adviser, explains more,
Somalia is thought to have a large number of rebuke victims where 98 percent of women between 15 and 49 years of age have been detained.
In Djibouti, an estimated 93 percent have been affected, Egypt 92 percent, Sudan 88 percent, 69% Mauritania, 19% and Iraq 7% according to figures released in June by the United Nations People's Development (UNFPA).
This varies according to social class, tribes, and level of education in every country and in urban or rural areas.
Refusion often occurs among the poorest or in uneducated households in rural areas.
In Yemen, reception has taken root in the Pwani region but is taking place a little in the North.
In Iraq, this action is widely circulated in the northern part of Kurdi.
In Egypt there is more for girls living in Egypt's Upper Plain.
In Mauritania, more than 90 percent of women from poorer families have been subjected to rebukes compared to 37 percent of women from higher income families.
UKE BREAKING: A Minimum More Reported Cruelty
The magnitude and breadth of remorse will have been despised because the world does not have a real picture of full rebuke, according to a joint report from March, has been approved by the currentity, the European Network for Deliberation of Tragic Revolution and Movement from the US.
The report demonstrated that the tradition is growing and is also taking place even in the Middle East and Asia, and the world has certainly ignored reception.
Small data recently shows that cynicism is also taking place in Iran, as well as in all Ghuba countries such as Kuwait, Arab Emergency, Omani and Saudi Arabia.
Divya Srinivasan from Usawa now told Reuters that she was shocked at the results of a small study from places such as Omani and Saudi Arabia where it is not usually areas that can come to mind when you think about the issue of Criticism
This report was published when the COVID-19 disaster was raging in the Middle East and was not published or translated at all by the Arab media and social media.
Social misunderstandings about remorse can confirm the notion that remorse is not a matter of concern.
Social Eyes
In the Middle East, there are surrounds of women's bodies where it is a ban on publicly discussing confidential issues such as remorse that are linked to traditional beliefs, religion and culture.
In Egypt, for example, Christian and Muslims generally believe that girls' rebuke makes them more promising to be expected and preventing them from doing wrong, parties also fear that their daughters won't get married if they don't receive it, according to Tokomemeza Uke uke Ukergly campaign, which was organized in 2013 to help the community understand both the divis and the world to survive.
The organisation is increasingly collecting more bias and has created a way of collecting information that will help individuals or groups to do small research on marginalism.
People prefer to avoid dialogue and repulsive topics may just happen to touch the headlines like the death of a 12-year-old daughter died after being abducted in South Egypt in February, people speak.
Ghida Hussein, a Egyptian student, told Global Voices that:
Since we are not talking about this, it is as if the problem isn't clear.
A remorse takes place silently behind the closed doors.
It comes from people educated in the cities where activists and politicians sit.
Cybercrime is a complex thing and maybe the international community should have funded money and mobilization, but you won't see a society dominated by a class of men paying this priority.
Breaking cracks and talking about rebukes makes human rights defenders targeted in abusive and hateful languages.
In Oman, women rights activist Habiba al Hinai, founder of the Institute for Human Rights Omani conducted a small survey in 2017 in Omani and found that 78 percent of women were detained.
After publishing the results of his research online, Habiba received attacks and threats:
I posted the results of online research and reactions.
I am attacked by conservative religious figures who said that remorse is part of the Islamic ritual.
In Omani, where reception is not officially recognized, there is no protection for the victims.
Habiba added this in his statement:
How you can tell a manusura to talk about arbitrary remorse and then face all these consequences if criticized, insulted even family or family may completely exclude him, maybe even a husband can divorce him – if there is no formal way to support it.
I do not expect these women to stand up and speak up and face the community.
Lack of Cybercrime: So Hard, Unfulfilled
In Yemen and the Arab Union, remorse has been restricted in the health institutions, but not in the homes.
In Mauritania, there is a legal barrier but not a direct prohibition.
In Iraq, reception is prohibited in the religious province of Kurdi, but it is still legitimate in the central Iraqi region.
There were signs of abstinence.
In the years following the establishment of the women’s rights organisation, Egypt has forbade prosecution in 2008.
Sudan, during a political transition after 30 years of dictatorship, has been the first to denounce anti-government practices in April.
But enforcement of the law is a real challenge because refusal remains at a high level and is also widely distributed.
Although the law is not the most important weapon but it is not enough.
Countries need a national strategy to be implemented involving police, courts, healthcare workers, clerks and social media education.
The series of regional disasters and dictatorships has delayed changes blocking the campaigns and resources of decoration and degradation of women’s circumstances.
Now all the world's eyes have been focused on fighting COVID-19 and its impact on many economies and programs that directly relate to the rights of women in peril and providing social services have been postponed for or perhaps not for a priority.
With so many poor families and girls who are released from school or child marriage, celebrating is like taking the place without being known in this region.
Photo by Abubakar Idris Dadiyata, used with permission from The SignalNg.
Abubakar Idris Dadiyata, a prominent lecturer and critic of the Nigerian government, was kidnapped in his home on August 1, 2019, in Barnawa neighbour and Kaduna, North
A year after his abduction Dadiyata has yet to be found.
Abubakar Idris (Didiyata) was kidnapped in the state of Kaduna, Nigeria.
His movements are yet to be known.
Her family and friends want answers to their questions: Where is @dadiyata?
Abubakar is the victim of loss #SikuYaKu lost #IchieniHuruDadiyata.
Dadiyata was a trainer at Dutsinma University, in Katsina Province.
As a member of the opposition party and Democracy (People's Democratic Party) Dadiyata was always confused with members of the ruling Party for All People's Development (Agressive Congressive party) on social media.
Read More: Fear of Network Against the Presidency of the Nigerian government
All state government agencies and state administrations do not pay attention to anything
Dadiyata was arrested by the kidnappers on 7pm when he arrived at his home, a year ago on August 1, 2019, reported Premium Times.
Dadiyata's wife, Kadija in an interview with BBC participation, recalled that her husband was talking to the phone while his car engine was burning, when he was arrested by the captors.
Although Kadija couldn't hear what was being spoken or who was talking to her on the phone, she remembers her husband's kidnappers were following her and they came home.
Dadiyata's wife remained watching the window in their room as her husband was taken away and left the captors.
Worse, it is that you have no information about Dadiyata.
It hurts, very much the way their children keep asking their missing father, Kadija told BBC.
In the wake of searching for Dadiyata, Nigerian security organisations have continued to withdraw from all kinds of accusations related to her disappearance.
Nigeria's National Security Department, until January continued to refuse to detain Dadiyata.
The National Security Department says that since Dadiyata was taken to his home by armed men does not mean that they are staffed by the National Security Department.
Also, Kaduna State's chief attorney, Aisha Dikko, refused to recognize his or her role in Dadiyata's kidnapping.
In any case, it's ironic to believe that since she was abducted in the state of Kaduna, then the state of state is involved, said Dikko.
However, denying the role of the National Security and the Kaduna state state government did not take away the envy of Dadiyata's wife and their two children, nor does it restore her freedom.
The request for Dadiyata's release is still being launched on Twitter with the hashtag #IkaMojaBilaDadiyata, alleged for his freedom from Nigeria.
Bulama Bukarti lamented the pain this terrorism has caused Dadiyata's family:
It is surprising how a Nigerian can be so lost.
We must continue to do everything possible to connect Dadiyata with his family.
There is no place for such piracy.
Those who captured Dadiyata will come to pay the price.
If not now it should be later.
The Twitter user was disappointed when he heard an interview with Dadiyata's wife:
I was shocked to hear Dadiyata's wife interviewing @bbchausa, this morning.
The only thing he asks is that the kidnappers forgive him and let his husband come back to join his family, especially his younger children.
Akin Akíntáy Obama does not understand how Dadiyata can disappear without being known for his year:
One question I ask myself how Dadiyata and his car disappeared without leaving a sign for a year in Nigeria; and neither is the government worried about it, is seeking to wake up instead of taking responsibility for his criticism?
Unfortunately, even if nobody cares to find the critic:
Contrary to the institutions of all state and state administrative governments are fighting against blame for doing nothing said Human Rights activist Chidi Odinkalu in an interview with Vyral Africa:
In addition to saying that they don't know where they are, someone has shown an effort to tell us what they have done to get him and how they don't want to be involved with him.
This shows you how little we are like young people.
The small thing we can do is ask where Dadiyata is and why does our government not find him?
Students in the province of Kaduna, Nigeria.
Photo by Jeremy Weate, January 15, 2010 via Flickr / CC BY 2.0.
Armed pirates stormed a high school in Kaduna, Northwest Nigeria on August 24 and killed one person and kidnapped four students and the teacher reported online sources, SaharaReporters.
The armed people came to attack the village of Damba-Kasaya in the local government of Chikun, the state of Kaduna at 1.45 a.m. on a motorcycle and was reported to have killed Benjamin Auta, a farmer, according to the Premium Times online.
The armed people went to Prince secondary school where they kidnapped Christianah Ma Brother and four students, Favour Danjuma, 9, Miracle Danjuma, 13, Happy Odoji, 14, and Ezra Bako, 15.
Happy's father, Isiaka Odoji, told the Daily Trust, Nigeria's daily newspaper that the captors are demanding 20 million dollars (US $53,000) to release their children, but they are never able to collect that amount.
The abducted students were passing their test to end their basic education.
Because of the diagnosis of Korona, students who graduate from school alone were allowed to return to school.
The supreme government and the state of Kaduna have remained silent about the populace of the abducted students and
A Common Day in Nigeria
Twitter user Is Kato said the event is a bit frustrating:
Today in the state of Kaduna, children in the finishing classrooms who were ordered to continue their studies have been abducted by armed people.
One person has been reported killed, the life of a young man has been cut short, and others left with them and we will probably never see them again.
This must have frustrated any nation.
But it is still an ordinary day for Nigeria to complain about Twitter user Chima Chigozie:
Some students have been abducted in Kaduna, one of the boys was killed during the incident.
The boy's life was cut short, this had to shock the nation, but HAPANA, this is a common day in Nigeria.
Jaja blames politics for causing public sympathy and anger against the kidnapping of students:
The abducted Kaduna boys will not get the sympathy of Chibok girls because they are boys and second Goodluck Jonathan (GEJ ) not President.
Goodluck Ebele Jonathan (GEJ) was President, when 276 girls from government school were kidnapped by militants of Boko Haram, from the North East of Chiboko in April 2014.
This kidnapping led to a worldwide process with the #SouthSudantiZetu hashtag.
More Read: Nigerians Celebrate the return of 82 Chibok girls in Boko Haram
Also on February 19, 2018, Boko Haram captured 110 female students from a science and technical school in Dapchi, the province of Yobe, Northeast of Nigeria.
Read more: The female students kidnapped by Boko Haram in Nigeria are suspected of dying
The kidnapping of Damba-Kasayas and their teacher is a horrific experience.
The only difference is that now those responsible for the horrific incident are not Boko Haram but armed pirates.
The Viking Cruelty of Kaduna
The terrorist violence broke out in Northeast Nigeria in the provinces of Zamfara, Kaduna, Niger, Sokoto, Kebbi and Katsina.
ACAPS is an independent humanitarian organization, which confirmed that the violence is not related to Boko Haram's rebellion in the northeast:
The terrorist violence began as a conflict between farmers and farmers in 2011 and growing more between 2017 and 2018 involved theft of livestock, kidnapping for money, rape and murder.
As of March 2020 more than 210,000 people have been internally displaced.
Rural communities have survived by pirates where between January and June this year they have been killed 1,126 people from Northern Nigeria.
South Kaduna Village is the most attacked city in which 366 people have been killed in the first half of 2020, said the International Human Rights Agency.
Chikun LGA, the home of the abducted students has been facing attacks from militant groups that have been associated with kidnapping and deaths and 45 communities to flee their homes where they were paid since 2019, according to the coalition of the South Kaduna.
Southern Kadunas are alleging that the pirates are Fulani detainees who have a land looting strategy, aided by the absence of the central government and state state.
But the governor of the state of Kaduna, Nasir El-Rufai refused to take part in the ploy of land looting or religious ideology.
On August 22, the Kaduna state government ordered the people not to go from around around 12 p.m. to 6am, where in some areas it is believed to be part of the government's strategy to stop piracy.
However, spokesman for the South Kaduna Union, Luke Binniyat, complained that hunger also kills us because people do not go to their farms, our people are hopeless.
Poet Henry Spon and lawyer Imtiaz Mahmood.
This solidarity is for their widely circulated photos on social media.
Two people were arrested on May 14 and 15 for commenting on their Facebook pages.
The arrest has raised questions among communities on social media.
Poet arrest Henry Spon
On May 14, Poet and journalist Henry Spon was arrested at his home in Barishal city, located in the Central Bank of Bangladesh.
He has been accused of violating the Bangladesh Netizen Security Act
As a member of a small Christian community, Spon was initially accused by Alfred and Jewel Satkat of hurting the strongest feelings of Muslims and Christians on social media.
Bangladeshi poet and Editor Henry Swan was arrested under an online security law!
#AwekweHuru #bangladesh #bangladeshiblogger #UhuruwaMaoni pic.twitter.com/MGoCec2nsR
According to Dhaka Tribune, Spon posted a Facebook post criticizing Lawrence Subrata Howlader, the Catholic Church's Bishop in Barishal Day.
The bishop chose to perform a cultural event in one of the Catholic Church on April 22, 2019, a day after the terrorist attack in Sri Lanka.
Spon thought that the Bishop would postpone the concert by respecting the lives of hundreds of people lost in the attack.
Some Christians were furious at the language he used to the Bishop and others used him with even the threats to kill him.
Spon has been a spokesperson on the internet denouncing all kinds of injustice and corruption in their city.
Swakrito Noman wrote on Facebook:
In Bangladesh, the movement to attack activists for accusing them of hurting strong sentiments has become common to Muslim leaders.
Now we see even those of unchangeable Christians who have started to use this tactic.
I think those who hate this form of criticism are mentally ill.
The government should provide treatment for these patients.
We denounce the arrest of Poet Henry Spon and want him to be immediately released without any condition.
The arrest of lawyer Imtiaz Mahmood
On the morning of May 15, the police arrested the Supreme Court attorney and journalist Imtiaz Mahmud under the unused 2017 law, the Information Law, Communications and Technology where one citizen, Shafiqul Islam, complained that the cliques of Mahood's Facebook publications have hurt his sensation and instigated a crime in Chiko.
Imtiaz Mahmood found bail for the first time the case was brought but Khagrachhari's court issued an order to be arrested again in the face of January 2019.
Mahmood shared his opinion during the ethnic violence that took place after Bengali's motorcycle was killed in Khagrachhari, causing a group of Brazilians to fire several houses and local residents of the Rangamati area in Chittagong.
Local sources told Dhaka Tribune that the police did not take steps to stop the matter.
Hundreds of such charges were filed from 2013 to 2018, when the Press and Communications Law changed the Civil Security Act.
Bangladesh represses social media.
Police have held a second arrest within two days under the Internet Security Act.
Journalist Imtiaz Mahmood was arrested for a trial under the Information and Communications Law on Wednesday morning.
#NoTLawhtps://t.co/eH8H38unCr
Journalist Meher Afroz Shao wrote in Facebook:
He loves the mountains and the people who live there.
They write about their rights.
I have never seen words of sedition in his journalism.
Something is wrong.
I believe that mistakes will be corrected immediately.
PS: I have seen so many publications in Facebook that are dirty and discriminated in it.
If the people are charged today, will the arrest warrant be issued immediately?
Many netizens have denounced the two arrests, calling for the law to be abolished.
Bangladeshi immigrant Leesa Gazi tweeted:
It is absolutely shame.
The Bangladesh government is unable to ensure public security but is trying to detain people under a lawsuit that violates the Bangladesh Constitutional Spirit.
https://t.co/1sFKY10OPV
Journalist Probhash Amin wrote in Facebook:
After Poet Henry Spon, lawyer Imtiaz Mahmood (received).
Freedom of expression is restricted.
I want all cruel laws to be found.
I want freedom of expression.
I want Henry Spon and Imtiaz Mahmood to be released immediately.
Despite indicating that the law would restrict freedom of expression, the Bangladesh Parliament passed the Netizen Security Act on September 2018.
This legislation took over another suppression of Information and Technolijia, which was also used as a tool to silence netizens.
This law condemns some online conversations from messages to emotional and religious dialogue as well as a large fine.
It also allows long-term bans for use of media to cause social violence and collection, send and store information and sensitive government documents through digital services.
The Bangladesh Editorial Council stated that the law is against constitutional freedoms, press freedom and freedom of expression.
Read more: Bangladesh Freedom of Expression activists say one Digitali Security law is for the purpose of harassment
The law provides a lot of authority for law enforcement agencies to initiate investigation for anyone whose activities are considered harmful and vulnerable to safety.
Khartoum, Sudan.
Photo by Christopher Michel from Flickr under CC BY 2.0.
After the Sudanese revolution, Sudan's transitional authorities signed a peaceful agreement with The Sudan Revolutionary Front the main rebel group that has continued its activity even after the removal of its former leader Omar al-Bashir, last year.
This coalition of Historic peace was signed on August 31, in the Southern city of Juba, South Sudan, where it is supported by Cambodian and international communities such as Kitroic countries, the EU Union, Egypt, and some Ghubane countries.
This fascinating experience has also been marred by a Historic flood that has affected some parts of Sudan, leading to an ongoing decline in the already economy.
However, Sudanese netizens still celebrated the news on the networks.
Sudanese blogger Waleed Ahmed wrote:
Today we are volunteering, returning home.
A video which shows the military (Sudan Liberation Movement (SLMAA) led by Minawi promoting arbitrary weapons below December 16, 2019, to support the revolution.
Mini Arko Minawi, head of SLMA, wrote:
Mini Arko Minawi.
Signing yesterday will put Sudan in a new course, in the parties and in the Sudanese people, organizations and social parties in collaboration with friends and regions.
We must make a concrete platform for our country's new history.
Sudan's prime minister Abdalla Hamdok welcomed a peaceful agreement by saying:
I am sending the peace that we have signed today in our Sudanese Nation for our newborn refugees and camps, to fathers and mothers who wish their villages and cities to wait for the grand December revolution, a promise to return, a promise of justice and a promise of development and security.
These agreements guarantee freedom of governance of themselves rebel groups in their territories under the administration of the government.
The agreement will ensure that one-third of parliamentary seats belong to people from rebel areas to provide for their needs and concerns.
The agreement also ensures justice and equality for all who were charged by previous leaderships, mostly non-islamists or Arabic people.
This is not the first peaceful agreement in the history of Sudan.
Some netizens said that the peaceful agreement is a regular cycle in Sudan and may not lead to peace or calm.
Inbal Ben Yehuda wrote:
The incident occurring once every 5-9 years is not just a rotation.
Abuja Coordination 2006
Doha Peace Collect 2011
Coordination of Juba 2020
Best of us waiting before celebrating
The Constitution Is Incomplete
Despite this stirring event, two rebel groups have not signed this agreement. The SLMA group was led by Abdul Wahid al-Nur, and the Party for the northern Sudanese Freedom Movement (SPLM-N), led by Abdelaziz al-Hilu, all devoted themselves to the irresponsibleness of some of the country’s identity and the questions.
Three days after the peaceful agreement of the Sudanese Prime Minister traveled to Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, to see al-Hilu to discuss the clashes according to Sudanese Special Coverage
On Wednesday, Prime Minister Abdallah Hamdok held a secret meeting with Abdel Aziz al-Hilu in an effort to alleviate the obstacles in peaceful conversations by the government of South Sudan.
The Summit led to the signing of a contract that would oversee the respect for the peaceful agreement that took place in Juba.
Sudanese social media broke out with a copy of the agreement written in English lugjs, emphasis on the 3rd category on religious and national issues:
The democratic nation must not be in Sudan.
For Sudan that a democratic nation where all people's rights are respected, the constitution must be based on division and nationalism where personal rights must be respected.
Freedom of confidence and worship and religious activities should be given to all Sudanese citizens.
The government should not put the religion of the State, no one is going to be annoyed for its religion.
Sudanese citizens have been divided into two categories on this issue: the first group considers the separation of citizenship and religion a key factor in human rights; the second group sees that the transitional government does not have the authority to make decisions on the matter without the public's permission through democratic elections.
After the meeting, the Twitter account of the Prime Minister published a copy of the contract in Arabic where its content differed from those in English-language.
While in English a controversial copy has been posted indicating that it is impossible to divide religion and nationalism, in a Arab language copy proposes discussion on this controversial issue.
The differences in both copies have raised a lot of questions about the disagreement.
Historic Peace, Historic Flood
While peace brings happiness in Sudan, the Nile river is engulfing inevitable human tragedy.
According to the September 8th National Security Council, due to the flood deaths of 103 people, 50 casualties, 5,482 livestock deaths, 27,3411 homes collapsed and 42,210 homes have collapsed, government buildings and 179 private institutions have been damaged, shops and 359 fate and 4,20208.
YouStorm on his Twitter account showed videos comparing water crises on the river Nile July 16 and August 16:
Flooding in the Nile river in Sudan July 16 compared to August 30 #Sentinel2 in Northern Khartoum.
Made of #EOBrowser @sentinel_hub #Sudanfloods pic.twitter.com/l8LRNBY9m
On September 3, the governor of Sinnar province Ustadhi Elmahi Sulieman announced the state of emergency on his Facebook page:
The height of the Nile River this night has risen because of the heavy rains that have caused the breakdown and walls of security that are a small dam built by sacks filled with clay in Singa and Umm Benin, and the water is starting to rise in the city and residential areas.
So we give instructions to all government authorities and private organisations to come and help rescue the population as soon as possible and provide food and medical care.
The situation is terrible:
In Sinnar State | Singa is terrifying after the rain broke its detention wall, allowing water from the Nile River to enter the city.
Sudanese youth from the island of Tuti built a wall to block floodwaters into their island.
It was a heroic act, he told Hassan Shaggag:
These are the ones that will build Sudan....
Sudanese citizens have shortages of basic needs such as bread, gas, medicine and electricity - after six hours of detention.
The Sudanese financial loom is now over 202 percent, according to Professor Steve Hanke.
However, the transitional government has not yet managed the market.
Now again there is a promise of peace, what exactly is the government's strategy to simplify the lives of the people?
Jutatip Secretkhan's student leader covered in white color as a sign of the strike after his release.
Image and explanation from Prachatai
This post is from Prachatai, an independent source of information in Thailand, edited and published by Global Voices as part of a content-sharing agreement.
Thai student president Jutatip Syriakhan has been arrested on his way to college on September 1, for participating in a massive July 18 protest.
Jutatip was arrested in a car heading to a classroom at Tha Prachan University in Bangkok.
He entered a lecture on his Facebook page at 07:50 p.m. 1 September, when civic guards suspended the taxi he was up and showed him a arrest document.
Jutatip was taken to the police station lSamranrat.
A police officer accompanied him to the station in another taxi because he didn't feel safe to board a personal car the soldiers who came to arrest him.
He continued to be a lecture on his Facebook page, reading a section of Kawaida's Intelligence for Thailand and Thomas Paine.
He was taken to Bangkok's criminal court and was given bail and released at 11.20 p.m. under the care of a lecturer from the university of Thammasat.
The court didn't ask him to pay there for 100,000 bahts (US$ 3,190) for bail, but was imposed that he does not want to repeat the charges prosecuted for each person who was detained and released
Jutatip is a 14th activist arrested for taking part in a massive July 18 protest.
The other 15 participants of the protest have received a call and reported at Samranrat police station to hear their charges on August 28.
Jutatip was charged with sedition, defiance of the Emergency and the Infectious Law, and other charges.
Jutatip was released in front of a criminal court after his release and held a short press conference.
Color can be cleansed, but we can't cleanse the oppression
I didn't plan to run since then.
I knew I had an arrest document
and I have been waiting for long arrests, but it didn't happen until today.
Every time he is arrested one person should have a bad statement that we did not protest in peace.
I am a student and I have been suffering from a soldier for months, for years.
Why is there no compensation for me?
Why a compensation for the dictatorships?
There would have to be a call first, but what happened was that the police came with a paper to arrest me directly.
It's a lot of mistreatment for a student.
They found me through my phone calls from my home.
They have threatened people at my home, my family and took the arrest paper to my house so we now have to stop our protests.
Everything is constitutional.
We pay our taxes, we must be protected by the government not being harassed by the government.
So today, I have expressed my thoughts that we can do this.
We must stand for our rights and our freedom.
The painting is also something that can be done.
Jutatip then poured a white bucket on his body with his arm uploaded and extended three fingers of the Climate Sport.
He said that the color represents cleanness and justice, and they demand justice.
We show that this is fair, this is a form of example that we can do.
Even if it is a painting for now, it is a way to show that we can paint ourselves at any time.
We can pour out the colors on those in power because they are convicted and shooting us at any hour regardless of their authority.
Color can be cleansed but oppression cannot be refined.
After that, Jutatip thanked the lecturer who bailed a bond with the people who came to support him and help the crowd clean up the rolling color in front of the court.
We will not stop fighting until we win everything, including the reforms of the kingdom and the new constitution, said Jutatip.
Screenshot from a video in YouTube, by VideoVolunteers.
This post was written by Grace Jolliffe and originally released by Video Volunteers, an international network that won the awards and his headquarters is India.
A simplified version is published below as part of a content-sharing agreement.
While India reviews the period of the general elections split in seven terms ranging from April to 19 May 2019 to elect his seventh legislature (Lok Sabha), some Indian voters have taken a very unnatural account for boycotting elections.
Read More: All you want to know about India's general election 2019
In Goa, the South Indian province of India, residents of a small village located in a suburb of Cancona (a district), the village of Marlem refused to vote on April 23 on the third term of the general election, claiming that the government has become the problem in their village.
Their biggest complaints are that important needs and services such as good roads and safe and clean water services have never been provided by the government.
The social media presenter Devidas Gaonkar, born of the Velip Velip tribe, highlighting the rally of the villagers:
In this video, Pandurang Gaonkar, a resident of the village of Marli, said:
From Tirwal to Marlem is only three kilometers of roads but not complete.
So far no action was taken by the authorities.
They give us false promises there is no implementation.
And for that reason, we have not voted.
Residents of the village of Marlem have been living in the village for over 20 years now.
In 1968, the forest department declared the village of Marlem a safe haven for wildlife.
This makes road construction or any development work in this area difficult to implement.
According to reports, it is that the plan to pass the electricity line in order to reach the region was passed but was recently blocked because of the protests from the National Forest Department
Another source of concern for residents here is lack of good roads.
A person has to travel from a 2.8 km (2.8 km) highway in a poor and poorly cleaned road so he can find the first house in the village of Marlem.
At the end, distribution of electricity and clean and clean water for villagers remains a challenge for villagers.
Despite repeated public complaints, but failed to find answers to their needs, Marlem residents and residents from other two villages decided not to vote to draw the attention of the authorities to their complaining issues.
Workers of the electoral commission came to talk to us about our decision not to vote and our position is there, adding to Pandurang.
Isidore Fernandes, a opposition leader from the Indian National Congress, a member of parliament in Cancona, also met local residents.
After listening to their sarcasts he assured that he will help them deal with the lever.
It is important for any government to make roads, distribute electricity and water for their people.
So far all government officials have ignored providing these services in the village of Marlem, said Fernandes.
The boycott of the elections has now become a way of a strike, although vote is not necessarily in India.
In contrast with Goa village, villages in the state of Kati Madhya Pradesh, West Maharashtra, and Eastern Odisha have been using this tactic to bring their main concerns to the leaders of the authorities.
However, there is no protest between this which has been taken into account by the government.
Many voters have become accustomed to using this tactic as a sign of expressing anger towards politicians and government officials who turn to the communities they have pushed through the elections in hopes of getting their votes, failing to implement their promises after the elections.
But finally, if the boycott doesn't make a change in society, what will members of the community decide to do to draw the ears of the authorities who should hear their voices and act on implementation?
Journalist Amade Abubacar.
Photo: caiccajuda/Youtube.
Journalists Amade Abubacar and Germano Adriano, who were arrested earlier this year as they collect stories of military conflict in the northern Mozambican region, have been released without trial on April 23, 2019.
Amade, who has been sharing news in distant news sources including Zitamar News and A Carta, was detained on January 5 while conducting an interview with local refugees from the district of Macomia in the northern state of Cabo Delgado.
Germano, a journalist from the Nacedje community radio station, disappeared since February 6 and was found detained on February 18.
According to reports from the South African Press Federation (MISA), Amade and Germano were charged with spreading news of defaming some leaders of the Mozambique's Army through their Facebook pages where they announced the start of the clashes in the villages of the district of Macomia.
The journalists were released from the Mieze Prison in Pemba, Cabo Delgado's capital and during the monitoring period while awaiting trial in a residential court in Cabo Delgado.
The case is scheduled for the first hearing on May 17.
Since 2017, armed groups like knives have been attacking Cabo Delgado villages, burning houses and slaughtering residents.
More than 90 people have been killed since the beginning of the attacks according to police reports.
To this day no group has come out publicly to admit to the attacks.
There December 2018 A Carta de Moçambique confirmed the presence of a Facebook page, which appears to be a narrative where the page highlights the attacks of armed groups in Cabo Delgado
It is not clear whether charges against Amade and Germano are linked to the page.
The media advocacy team says there is no connection with the page or other criminal acts taking place on Facebook.
The charges against these journalists have been met with numerous skepticism.
After Amade was detained, the police put him under the control of the Naval Army.
He was put in a military prison where he spent 12 days without any contact and then transferred to a civil prison.
The journalists were charged on 16 April, with a violation of the last 90 days, contrary to the arrest law and detention of Mozambique, in the case of Abubacar.
In a trial continuation during their arrest all journalists were accused of criminalising government secrets through social media and inciting communities through digital means.
These charges are met with the initial charges against them, where MISA translated them as a message of contamination by some Mozambican military leaders on a Facebook page which raised public attacks in villages in the Macomia district.
During his 106-day prison term, Abubacar faced food shortages and was denied medical care, according to an Amnesty International report.
His family told @Verdade that they were blocked to visit Abubacar throughout his detention.
What happened to these journalists was part of the continuation of violence against media workers in Northern Mozambique.
Independence journalist Estácio Valoi was detained in December 2018, also in Cabo Delgado for unclear legal reasons.
He was later released without charges, but his workshops remained in the hands of the army.
A Call for Justice
Cídia Chissungo, an activist and mobster of the #AmedeAwekweHuru campaign, celebrated the news by saying:
#AmadeAbubacar and #GeramanoAdriano are ultimately HURU after being detained for 4 months.
We really celebrate, but we won't forget how everything started.
We have long said that the press is not a crime.
Thank you for supporting us
Angela Quintal, administrator of the Committee to Protect Journalists (CPJ), the African region said:
Now is to ensure that the charges are thrown away from #AmadeAbubacar can continue his journalism without fear of arrest.
The fact is that she has endured being detained without being charged for 106 days before the bail, not the courtesy of her.
He is not to be charged at all!
Image by Iran's Revolution leader Imamu Khomeini on the wall of a building in Sanandaj, in Iran's capital Kurdistan, a window.
Photo by Jordi Boixareu.
Copyright Demotix
Global Voices co-founder Ethan Zuckerman described them as a class symbol of people who are interested in expressing their home culture to people from other communities.
The idea was created through a deeply rooted system within Global voices and describes a massive work and social tradition.
Since our work has focused on promoting the divide between Iran's external views and the real one within the country, Global Voices Iran has begun a series of interviews with Iranian journalists and journalists who will do so.
These interviews will take place to understand how and how these people did their work through explaining to the Iranian community about Iran and the complexity and complexity that exists in describing it.
Golnaz Esfandiari: I think the use of social media in Iran and its benefits increase
Golnaz Esfandiari is a successor at Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty, and one of the few journalists who have come out of Iran writing in English about the disturbances and challenges of Iranian communities and politics.
Photo used with permission from Golnaz Esfandiari.
Read more: Conversations with Golnaz Esfandiari, British-language Bridge
In an interview with Global Voices, he said:
I think the use of social media in Iran has increased and its benefits have also increased.
Government officials admit it and I also see many people in the country using social media.
I think since 2009, social media use has increased dramatically.
Some Iranians have told me that they had joined the Twitter after reading about the allegations of the Twitter Revolution in Iran.
Social media is helping dialogue and sharing prohibited or embarrassing content with people talking openly.
People are also often critical of government policies and attitudes on social media.
Kelly Golnoush Niknejad: You should be a journalist, a psychologist, a professor and a student of people at the same time
Iran's media investor Kelly Golnoush Niknejad, founder of the Tehran Institute, a source of inspiration for The Guardian where it writes about Iran and Iranian diaspora.
His project is one of the leading sources that gives a different perspective on the country's politics, culture and people.
Photo by Kelly Golnoush Niknejad and used with permission.
Read more: How the Tehran Institute of Kelly Golnoush Niknejad links Iran to the West.
In the dark side of Iranian people, he explained:
When it comes to Iran, I always find myself going back until 1979 and explaining the changes that took place after the decade to bring meaning to this time.
Sometimes it is even more difficult for Iranians to understand what is happening in Iran at the moment.
This shows how important it is to cover Iran, putting it in a special channel for the lives of ordinary people.
If we reach the country by reporting intellectuals with that authority alone is not the primary or most important thing for us as journalists.
That's why even the most serious people who follow the news do not understand the basic things happening in Iran.
It is true if they follow reports from the Tehran Foundation they will have a very different view.
Nina Ansary: I believe women will be the frontline for any change in Iran
Nina Ansary is the guardian of the Legislative Crisis: Anonymous About Iranian Women, the first book to write about the same rights for women in politics from the late 19th century to the present.
Subject of the book of God's Admiral Cover
The book explains how women have managed to build the current history of Iran and continue to do so, while dealing with the roots of their rights and equality in communities that have been naturally oppressed.
Read more: Conversations with Iranian Women’s Fellow Author Nina Ansary at the night of change in the country
Ansary said that she had a positive view of the future of Iran and a woman's place in her:
and it was because I saw their return.
And this is because female activists didn't get a clear answer: women weren't allowed to become judges but now serve as investigative judges.
Women were not allowed to read some of the furniture, but over the years they have managed to penetrate the topics that were dominated by men such as medical and engineering.
With great alert I look forward to positive things, but I believe women will be the frontline for any change in Iran.
Saeed Kamali Dehghan: They see Iran as a photo of black and white but Iran is not the same.
It is like a spread rainbow.
With over 800 articles related to Iran, Saeed Kamali Dehghan is the first author of The Guardian who volunteered to write about Iran and one of the few Iranian men employed by a major English-language company.
Photo used with permission of Saeed Kamali Dehghan.
Most of his reports are about human rights violations in Iran, but as he said in a phone interview, the biggest problem for Magharini media is that they see Iran as a dark and white image but Iran is not so.
Iran is like the rainbow, it is raging
Read more: Saeed Kamali Dehghan writing to Iran in The Guardian
In the difficulty of writing to a country where he is emotionally tied, Saeed explains that:
As a Iranian I have my feelings for the country, but when I write about it I try to stay a little away to alleviate prejudices.
But I am allowed to express my thoughts while covering the contrary and I have been doing something like that.
I wrote about why Canada misunderstood Iran and this led the foreign minister of the time to accuse me of his Tweeter page of being used by Iranian authorities.
I have been attacked by some people who have been accusing me of being enslaved by Iranians and others have been accusing me to serve in the UK.
I believe this is a sign of my work as well.
Omid Memarian: To turn your anger into something to build and not take matters for granted is art
Omid Memarian, a Iranian journalist based in New York.
Omid Memarian is a well-known Iranian journalist and is currently working in the US and has been writing Iranian news to users of all English and Persian languages.
Our interview wanted to know the diversity of writing stories about Iran to multilingual users and her experience as a local and foreign journalist.
Read more: Iranian journalist Omid Memarian
Memarian describes her experience of writing and reporting in the Iranian social community as follows:
There were still people in Iran who believe in facilitating social communities, political parties and freedom of information, a Muslim government can slowly change within.
On the other hand, there are other forces that struggle to prove that this is impossible and one way is to make the environment so dangerous that nobody is going to stay doing what he is doing.
When I insisted to continue doing what I did, writing and encouraging about the things I believed I was arrested and thrown into prison.
Hooman Majd: Iran has no unique difference: here is that many people don't know much about Iran.
Now we are in the US external policies.
Several weeks toward Obama's administration are more likely in the United States to resign from its long-time high-term interaction project and its long-time enemy, Iranian Islamic republic.
In Donald Trump’s presidential rally showing will be a unique shade of hardship and a brutal republic, I think it is time to sit down with journalists and author Hooman Majd.
His writings, posts and publications explain Iran's riddle that has largely appeared in major US media during Bush’s time, during the atrocities against the Iranian government became the main symbol of the early 2000s in the foreign policy and media attitude of Iran.
Hooman Majd has been known as Iranian voice for the West.
Photo by Majd by Ken Browar, used with permission.
Read more: Conversations with Hooman Majd, bridge between Iranian and US.
If Iran's misconceptions have brought a lesson since its 2008 book focused on resisting negative views about Iranian society towards American readers:
Ahmadinejad was the first to be open to the media, the first negative source of information.
But Iranian and European-digenous Iranians have written a lot about their culture in recent times, and there are a lot of travels between Iran and the US between American and ethnic Iranians.
Now they understand a little good and there are a few books.
Iran is not an exceptional riddle: but the only thing that is unique is that many people don't know much about Iran.
Protesters in Rio de Janeiro: Education is our weapon. | Photo and: Marianna Cartaxo / Mídia NINJA
On May 15, thousands of Brazilians took to the streets in all 26 states protesting against the Bolsonaro government to cut education money where it will affect hundreds of schools and colleges.
At the end of April, the Brazilian government announced cutting 30 percent of all alleged budget that was for the cost of water, electricity, general operations and research.
When it comes to the fact that the total total budget for higher education could reach three or 5 percent.
However, the government has deleted the sponsorship of 3,500 high school students sponsored by the government.
From Paulista Street in São Paulo, a meeting center for traditional protests to native farms in Alto Rio Negro, near the border of Colombia, people went out to defend public education.
In Viçosa, Minas Gerais, a group of 5,000 people marched with umbrellas while heavy raining.
Screenshot shows a crowd of protesters in Paulista Street in São Paulo against education and scientific research centers. #15M #TodosPelaEducação #TsunamidaEducação #NaRuaPelaEducacação #MarchaPlaCênciacom.twitter.
https://globalvoices.org/wp-content/uploads/2019/05/WhatsApp-Video-2019-05-15-at-21.30.
Brazil has 69 public universities and a large number of state universities and provides the first degree of free payment without paying fees and some social services such as legal consulting offices and hospitals.
Previously, the cartoons were to be held in three colleges but after all other universities.
Bolsonaro's Education minister, Abraham Weintraub said that it is not cartoons but a big deal.
Weintraub explained that there are cartoons because public colleges are as part of the destruction.
When questioned by journalists alform the examples of the destructionWhen mentioned the presence of large social gatherings and the presence of nude ceremonies.
Weintraub was appointed Minister in April after the previous one had spent a little time being removed because of the involvement of some conflicts.
This new minister has always been commenting in terms of right policy as drugs were identified in Brazil as a communist strategy, and wants to eradicate U-Marx college culture.
Some universities have said that the cartoons could block their doors opening early in the second 2019 term.
The government's prosecutor's office has posted a statement to the general lawyer lamenting the cartoon of Brazil's constitution violations.
Rio de Janeiro appears in MZURI!
Hundreds and thousands hold Avenida Presidente Vargas at night. Intervention against budget centers of science. #15M #TodosPelaEducação #TsunamidaEducação #NaRuaPelaEducação pic.twitter.comMIn91rXX
The researchers from the University of Minas Gerais (UFMG) who study the WhatsApp groups in Brazil have discovered there are many conversations in Brazil, especially after the announcement of budget cuts.
The study has created a substance that will follow WhatsApp's groups widely and will be used as a corporation involved in excavating the truth in Brazil.
Leader Fabrício Benevuto on May 8 said :
[Photo is collective of colorless photos/machapisho/matuos uploaded because of headlines and topics.
There are pictures of people naked in the ceremony (which are not even. colleges) and several jokes of protesters saying it takes 12 years to graduate because they are getting drugs all the time.
This is clear that it is a planned purpose.
In the same form of election campaigns.
Who sponsors the factory to provide false information?
An article on the website Ciência and Rua (second in Portuguese) claims that public colleges produce 95 percent of Brazilian scientific research.
A study carried out by an analysis from the United States of Clarivate Analytics in 2018 shows that of the 20 universities of outstanding research, 15 is part of the government network.
On the day of the protest, Minister Weintraub was called to comment on the cutting of a budget in a Cybercrime house.
Bolsonaro is an enemy of education
Education is an act of Love and Violence #TsunamiDaEducao pic.twitter.com/sEEOb5wDxz
Bolsonaro was later a Texas state in the US where he met former US President George W. Bush.
When asked about the protest, the president said:
It's normal that the comrades have happened... now, most of the people there are buzzing militants in the head.
If you ask the 7th republic 8 times, they don't know.
If you regret to ask about the structure of water they won't be told, they don't know anything.
They are useful fools and fools and have been exploited by a handful of insidious people who are leading several public colleges in Brazil.
Ugandan journalist Gertrude Uwware Tumusiime has taken a double load while working as a female journalist in Uganda.
Photo by Skrini from The Other Side: Gertrude Uwware Tumusiime on YouTube.
In Uganda, female digital media journalists report, comment and information are subjected to attacks and harassment because they investigate and publish sensitive political content.
Online criticism has become a new control tactic.
Women journalists carry a double burden of sexual violence including threats related to political news.
These ongoing threats have led women journalists to withdraw from public debates and let the journalism become more dominated by men
Read more: The cost of being different: Uganda's social media industry
Joy Doreen Biira, a journalist.
Photo by Zabangas via Wikimedia Commons CC BY 3.0.
In November 2016, Ugandan journalist Joy Doreen Biira, who was working on Kenya's private TV Television Network (KTN) in Kenya, returned home to Uganda for a cultural ceremo
While Biira was with them, Ugandan security forces clashed with the Rwenogaru monarchy in the Rwenzori region in western Uganda, and their palace was burned.
The gunfire killed 62 people, including 16 police.
Biira expressed her concerns about the military attacks by publishing her opinion on Facebook on November 27:
It's sad to see what I've seen today with my own eyes as part of the Kingdom Hall from where I come from, the Rwenotaru Kingdom, burning.
I felt as if I was shattering an heritage in front of my eyes.
On the same day, Biira was arrested and accused of sharing a complicated photo of the horrific clashes between security forces and the Rwenotaru King's guardians to a group of many members of WhatsApp, according to the Committee to Protectists Journal (CPIJ).
He also posted an Instagram video of the palace burning and posting his stories on Facebook, CPJ reports said.
Ugandan security forces were alleged to force Biira to cancel materials on social networks and digital equipment, according to Freedom House's 2018 report.
Biira was charged with supporting terrorism for taking videos of a military attack on the king's palace which penalty is death under the anti-terrorism law as found guilty.
However, one day later, he was released on bail.
The story of Biira raised strong accusations on social media through slogans such as #FreeJoyDoreen and #JournalismIsNotaCrime.
The netizen denounced Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni for his habit of silenceing journalists:
#FreeJoyDoreen President @KagutaMuseveni should stop the harassment of journalists.
That is a huge human rights violation in our continent.
Biira's lawyer, Nicholas Opiyo, published a tweet showing the official charges Biira faced:
The bail of Joyana Prosecuted and charged with helping terrorism (journ!)
#journalism is not a crime @KTNKenya @KTNKenya #FreeJoyDoreen
Opiyo told Global Voices that Biira's case was dismissed in March 2017 after the regime investigated and failed to prosecute her.
Like these other cases, a person throws a burden on himself but remains sensitive to injustice, injustice, and pain, said Opiyo, who is also the active director of Chapter Four Uganda, a human rights organization.
Opiyo added that staying in prison a few days and enduring the pain of being arrested is an emotion that never leaves a person.
Online attacks
Women online harassed journalists rarely get justice, and often have difficulty making sure their complaints are being taken seriously and examined appropriately.
On April 2017, Gertrude Tumusiime Uwitare, an advocator of NTV Uganda, defended Stella Nyanzi, an intellectual activist who criticized the regime of Museveni for not fulfilling the promises of campaigns to spread software to girls.
Rulers forced Uwware to delete his Twitter and Facebook posts of support for Nyanzi.
He received threats on Facebook and was kidnapped by anonymous people for almost eight hours, according to the Ugandan human rights report 2017.
Her kidnappers were allegedly questioning her relationship with Nyanzi, beating her badly and cutting her hair.
Read more: Is the nude of a woman so dirty?
Women’s activist Stella Nyanzi continues to fight in court
Uwitare was later found at a police station in Kampala.
However, the administration has not produced any reports to this day about the investigation of his abduction.
Political journalists especially those who are reflecting on the politics of the opposition regularly face more threats than those who are reflecting on other issues.
But female journalists have a much worse situation because the government believes they are weaker and more easily threatened, according to Mukose Arnold Anthony, the Secretary of Media and Human Rights in the Ugandan Journalists Association (UJA), who spoke to Global Voices through WhatsApp on April 3.
When it comes to online harassment, women journalists are afraid to expose themselves when a few tell them that they end up hurting and selfish, Anthony said.
It happens for women journalists to suffer more psychological damage, their privacy, the destruction of identity, limited access to it, control, and loss of property due to their work, according to UNESCO's study on free expression in Africa published in 2018.
And, according to a study of the Human Rights Network for Journalists 2018, 12 percent of female journalists have suffered from violence and abuse, including death threats and arrests.
Three quarters of the female journalists have experienced violation of justice in the hands of government officials such as police, district chiefs, and other security officers.
Attacks and harassment
Ugandan journalist Bahati Remmy has suffered attacks and harassment while working as a female reporter.
Photo via Paydesk's Bahati Remmy account, used with permission.
Bahati Remmy, a Ugandan journalist who is currently working in the US, told Global Voices that she stopped working in Uganda because she felt like losing enthusiasm after a horrific incident in Uganda’s election reports in 2016.
Ugandan police arrested Remmy while broadcasting privately owned NBS television to announce the house arrest of opposition leader Dr.Kizza Besigye in the town of Kasangati.
Remmy told Global Voices:
Police sparked a rude moment to stop journalists from reporting on Besigye.
Police gave me my breast in their car, they stripped me of the station and left me naked in front of the camera, according to Remmy.
He was also monitored and persecuted by a police officer on Facebook because the Ugandan government thought he had collaborated with Besigye to defam the country.
He told Global Voices that a text message from anonymous people was left at his door with threats to kidnap him if he refused to secret Besigye from his home.
After Remmy's arrest, the Ugandan Human Rights Network organized a referendum to analyze the realities of the case.
They asked: The Ugandan police claimed that NBS Bahati Remmy had violated legitimate orders and prevented the police from doing their work so that they could arrest him.
Do you agree with this?
Magambo Emmanuel wrote:
It is a weak and false reason because there is a video football showing how Bahati was arrested.
Police should stop directing their problems to journalists.
Davide Lubuurwa wrote:
Anyone trying to inform people about the state of the country must be arrested.
The biggest problem comes to Uganda soon.
What irritates me is that anyone who tries to utter a non-con-government is considered rebellious so Ugandans should be unveiled.
Many female journalists in Uganda have left journalism, especially criticising the government for fear of being attacked and exploited by the regime.
Journalists have explained that the government and security agencies call editors and order them not to publish information that gives the government a negative connotation.
These attacks are not being reported by women that make it difficult to understand the depth of the problem.
Remmy confiscated the Ugandan government at the Uganda Human Rights Commission, but to date, nothing came out about her case.
The commission lacks the freedom to make decisions on the part of those who submit a complaint against the government.
Seven of his envoys, including his chair, are elected by the president, under the approval of the Parliament.
Privileged, Remmy said, adding: They have a collection of cases, and many of the cases they want to hear are submitted by the government.
Most of the threats women online journalists face are closely related to harassment against them outside the Internet.
Remmy believes that the rights, status and status of women journalists should always be considered because the attacks on women are generally repressing the journalism sector.
When Uganda prepares to elect presidential and parliamentary elections in 2021, the attacks and harassment of women journalists and the government should be halted because it affects the access of information, freedom of expression and the rights of Ugandan democracy.
The freedom of journalists remains a child ignored in the country's system, Remmy told Global Voices.
This post is part of a series called the Identification Tradition: A platform to regulate online threats against free speech in Africa, the Spring is addressing hate speeches, prejudices or prejudices based on language or geographic roots, fake news and tyranny in Africa, and violence (foreign actors, and Ethiopian journalists) in Ethiopia.
The project is funded by Africa's digital Rights Foundation for International Policy for East and South Africa (CIPESA).
The roots of trees grabbed on the 15th century wall of Kilwa Island, Tanzania.
In 1981, the massive Swahili sultan ruins in the island were declared the UNESCO region of the world heritage.
Photo by David Stanley, January 1, 2017, CC BY 2.0.
An editor's suggestion: This personal post was written following a Twitter campaign organized by Global Voices in Sub-Saharan Africa for the collaboration of the Rising Voices project as a week, a different linguist activist shared his views on the intervention of digital rights and African Languages as part of Matriki's initiative: The Repression of Africa's online freedom of expression.
According to the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO), language and culture diversity is fundamentally important for people worldwide in an effort to promote unity and solidarity.
This diversity of language and culture called for the UNESCO Summit to announce the International Mother Language Day (IMLD) in November 1999, which marks the day of February 21 every year.
Strengthen IMLD, the United Nations (UN) announced the International Year of Indigenous Languages (IYIL 2019), to take into account the dangers of disappearing indigenous languages in the world.
Today, there are more than 7,100 languages spoken around the world, 28 percent of them spoken in Africa alone.
Despite this, English leads online in this area.
Twenty years ago, 80 percent of the global online content was based on English.
Currently, however, English content is reported to be reduced to between 51 and 55 percent.
The issue of heresy, therefore, is: how does this decrease suggest that people are now preferring their mother tongues rather than English, considering that it is less than 15 percent of the world's English-language population?
Swahili: Progress?
Swahili is identified as one of the official languages of the African Union (AU), along with Ingereza, Portuguese, French, Spanish and Arab.
Kiswahili is also the multinational language of the eastern African Community (EAC).
Rwanda, a member of the EAC nation, through its lower parliament, passed a Swahili formal language in 2017 along with Kinyarwanda, French and English.
Despite the implementation of the regime, Swahili will be included in the country's educational field.
In Uganda, on September 2019, the government approved the establishment of the Swahili National Council.
Article 6 (2) of the Ugandan Constitution has also stated that Swahili will be the second official language in Uganda and will be used in an environment where the Parliament will be legally ordered.
In 2018, South Africa, a country proud of 11 official languages, defined Swahili as a voluntary subject in its own course, starting in 2020.
In 2019, the Development Community in Southern Africa (SADC) passed Swahili as the fourth official language of the Community.
Swahili Syndrome
Photo by Rachel Strohm, September 20, 2019, (CC BY-ND 2.0)
Despite being the most widely spoken African language, at least 150 million people have been in East Africa, the region of lakes, southern Somalia, and other regions of southern Africa, the Swahili show is filthy.
John Walubengo, a lecturer at the University of Multimedia in Kenya, analyses in an article in Nation, a daily journal in Kenya, that language and culture are creating a society with little view of the world.
Walubengo explains that many indigenous cultures end up pending their identity to the English state of affairs.
This unfortunate reality can only be changed if natural communities fight to preserve their identity online and outside the Internet, he says.
However, all is not disappointing.
There are several volunteer organizations in the forefront to develop and promote Swahili online.
The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers
(ICANN), an international organisation with many players that coordinates the DNS (DNS), IP addresses and independent system numbers, initiated the International Regional Names (IDNs), which enable people to use local names in language and texts. This fact, form from Chinese, inscriptions like Chinese.
These letters are then sung by Unicode and used as allowed by the IDN, a set of standards signed by the IETF Front (IAB), and his small company groups; the Engineering Commission (IETF) and the Front Commission (TFR).
The Universal Acceptance Steering Group (UASG)
UASG is a class of the country's country leaders, which is undertaken by ICANN, that prepares communities online for the next billion netizens.
This is achieved through a process called Global Acceptance (UA), which ensures that programs and networks deal with all the regions of high levels (TLDs) and emails according to the region as well as those in non- Latin scripts and which are more than three characters.
The UA serves netizens around the world in their native languages and in the names of regional sources that identify their culture.
So, promoting multilingual networks.
ICANNWiki
This non-profit organisation provides a week-based page on the issues of the ICANN and the governance, has long been collaborated with organisations, education and individuals in Kenya and Tanzania.
This has enabled East Africans to build, translate and increase Wiki's resources to their visions, languages and attitudes.
This Swahili project with whom I have been able to engage in officially blocked the information gap related to the ICANNWiki Rule by confiding the contents of the ICANNWiki
Localization Lab
Localization Lab, an international community of volunteer participants with translating and controversial literacy guidelines and security equipment such as TOR, Signal, OONI, Psiphon.
These technology reflects security, privacy, and hiding that indigenous languages activists have safe access to information online.
Localization Lab has translated more than 60 instruments into 180 different languages around the world,
Ktoa Community Network (KCN)
KCN Network for the first community to test Television Television Television TVWS technology, a cable technology that links to unused radio waves within the docks of 470 to 790 MHz to the challenge of intersection in rural Tanzania.
KCN trains villagers to form and become a native of their useful content and context.
Matogoro Jabhera, founder of KCN and auxiliary lecturer at Dodoma University, Tanzania, told Global Voices through Skype's phone, that he believes that traditional content provides a call for more people on the Internet because they can understand their information [ compared to the current situation in English.
Next billion users online
The world is looking forward to connecting the next billion netizens and 17 million of these users are estimated to be online using language as their digital identity.
Thus, the lack of natural content may have a profound effect on digitalization.
Bayana, here will have a negative impact on digital rights, access to the internet, access to information, and the right to use their original languages to make, participate, and share information and knowledge online.
So it is important to set a strategy that will develop developing programmes of TEMA and services, as well as natural language usage, to ensure digitalization for all.
This move, with a combination of initiatives such as controversy and learning skills, and domestic reading and writing plans in rural areas, can trigger a digital revolution, thus promoting digital rights for users and blocking the divisive gap.
Ultimately, the process will speed up the protection, respect and development of all African languages and languages as well as the African Declaration of Internet Rights and Freedom.
Mantiki U Identification Project has been funded by the African digital Rights Foundation for International Policy for East and South Africa (CIPESA)
TEDGlobal.
Creative Commons photo by Flickr user Erik (HASH) Hersman, June 3, 2007.
(CC BY 2.0)
Global Voices, via Sub-Africa South Africa Crisis for collaboration with the Rising Voices Project will run a twitter campaign as part of a project known as Identity: a platform to regulate online threats against free speech in Africa, from April 20 to May 22,20.
Read more: Identification Cybercrimes': A new digital rights project in Africa
As a continuation for Independence: Policy and digital rights in Africa, this five-month social media campaign will encourage society to engage in the debate organized by @GVSSAfrica involving the fifth African language activists, who will publish linguistic and digital rights.
The project is funded by the African digital Rights Foundation for International Policy for East and South Africa (CIPESA).
Global Voices is one of the benefits of the sponsorship.
The activists will tweet in African languages such as Baambara, Igbo, Khoekhoe, Ki-N |u, Swahili, Ki-Yor/bá, as well as Ugandansa and parliament.
They will also be able to share their experiences and personal awareness with the linguistic view of challenges threatening digital rights.
The conversation will ask how the threat of online dissent affects online content in African languages; the spread of misinformation in African languages in different languages online and what companies or corporates do about this; the impact of the lack of cheap internet in the regions and communities of African languages; and the importance of the cultural challenge.
At the same time, they will explore the policies of organisations, and the ongoing challenges of how citizens can express themselves freely in their language.
Meet the discussion hosts on Twitter
This Twitter discussion will be submitted by Denver Toroxa Breda (Khoekhoe/ki-N |u/Kiingereza) from Africa Kusiki, Adé/ínà Ghani Ay://ni (ki-Yorkiá/ki-Inge) from Nigeria, Kpnahior- Trana-Facelacelacé.
Some of these participants participated in the Twitter campaign @DigiAfricanLang to mark the International Year of Indigenous Languages 2019.
April 20-24: Denver Toroxa Breda (@ToroxaD)
Denver Toroxa Breda.
Photo used with permission.
Breda, a Khoe speaker, with a Cultural culture or activist, is a writer who fights for Choekhoe and indigenous transition, the first two languages in South Africa.
Kikhoekhoe is spoken in Namibia, read in schools, but South Africa, where only 2,000 people speak, not officially recognized, does not exist in school.
Kin |u has only one speaker, not an official language, and a language at risk of disappearing.
Kpénahi Traoré.
Photo used under permission.
April 27-May 1: Kpénahi Traoré (@kpenahiss)
Kpénahi Traoré was born in Côte d'Ivoire but its roots are Burkina Faso.
He is the main editor of RFI mandenkan, the Bambara language newsroom at Radio France Internationale (RFI).
It has been a good experience for Traoré to work in Bambara language.
Prior to that, he thought it wouldn't be possible to make journalism in Bambara language
Kisamogo is the mother language of Traoré, although she had a language called Kidioula in Côte d'Ivoire and Burkina Faso.
The lawyers call it Bambara, the Guineans are calling it Kimalinke, others calling it Mandingo.
May 5-8: Blossom O Visitmba (@blossomo Visitmba)
Blossom O Visitmba.
Photo used with permission.
Okayamba is also known as Asampete, a name that can be translated from the Indonesian language into that beautiful one.
Ombemba is pleased with the Indonesian language and culture and has volunteered to make sure a number of people learn to speak, write and read.
Ombemba is the founder of the Wikimedia group and may regularly start a conversation about Wikimedia Foundation without being pressured.
She lives in Abuja, Nigeria, and loves the calm and sense of pace of the city's aste.
On May 11-15: ://m/Burbá (@yobamoodua)
Adé://ínà Ay://ni.
Photo used with permission
Adé://ínà Ay://ni, also known as ://m://m://bá, is a journalist and cultural arbitrary who uses his journalism to develop care, and disseminating the heritage of Yor/bá online and outside the internet.
As a vocal artist, he has produced a broadcast of Kiyor/bás by Nigerian and TVC radio campaigns.
He is the founder of Yobamoodua Cultural Heritage, a platform dedicated to spreading the language and culture of Kiyor/bá.
twitterm/#Bá is also a linguist manager for Global Voices Yor://bá.
He is a Yor/bá teacher in tribalingua.com where he teaches students from faraway around the world.
He has also worked with Localization Lab, an international community of volunteer translators and users, computer software manufacturers, and reconciliators who work together to translate and conspire digital security materials and banners.
://m://tôbá wrote a book called: ://yà Ara ://dá ://m://yàn, a collection of paintings bearing the names of the human body and vegetation that perform an astonishing role in every part of the body.
He is a research member of the Firebird Foundation for Anthropological Research.
May 18-22: Bonface Witaba (@bswitaba)
Bonface Witaba.
Photo used with permission.
Consult the writer, the manufacturer of natural content and the activist, the trainer, the researcher, and the consultant on the issues of the governance of the internet and policy.
He is the founder of the ICANNWiki Swahili, a consensitive website is to raise, translate, 10,000 posts and vocabularies of the online regime to Swahili language for up to 2020 million Swahili speakers.
In addition, Witaba runs a youth initiative that aims to develop the ability of students, intellectuals, and individuals in private sectors and; governments, through specialized online administration.
Protesters demand the removal of former president Robert Mugabe (which is now in power on November 18, 2017.
Photo by Flickr user Zimbabwean-eyes.
On the morning of November 15, 2017, Zimbabwean citizens woke up with widespread news that the former turban, practitioner Robert Mugabe, had been detained in power in the coup of the government, and was in power in his home, Ikulu, and his family.
The General Sibusiso Heart, who is currently a foreign minister, announced on the national television that the president was safe under government protection and that the situation is at a different level.
As soon as the announcement of General Heart, Zimbabweans poured in with excitement on social media, particularly WhatsApp, Twitter and Facebook to find new information about the situation.
For the first time, new popularity of social media to access information and encourage protests broke out among Zimbabweans, as protesters took to the streets and helped push for Mugabe's removal from office.
The new government, led by Emmerson Dambudzo Mnangagwa, decided immediately on the power of social media.
As former country security minister, Mnangawa also recognized the importance and role of misleading information in Zimbabwe's political fields.
In March, 2018, recognizing and ensuring the political powers in front of him and to ensure the victory in the presidential and parliamentary elections in the following year, Mnangagwa ordered the union of the youth of the ruling party PF (Zimbabwe National Union-Patriotic Front) to spil on social media and attack the opposition.
In Zimbabwe after Mugabe, this initiative has strengthened the crisis of misinformation and misinformation, leaving Ugandans with only a few reliable sources of information and knowledge about what is happening during the transition and anti-government protests.
While the new government demanded to curse false information on social networking information and which they saw as a threat to the regime in office, it also manipulated the public about how it dealt with anti-government protests.
The freedom of expression online
Zimbabwe has seen a significant increase in mobile phones and social media in the past few years.
The spread of the internet increased 41.1%, from 11% of the population to 52.1% between 2010 and 2018, while the spread of mobile phones increased by 43.8.8% from 58.8% to 102.7% during the same period.
This means that half of the population is now connected to the internet, compared to only 11 percent in 2010.
However, misleading and false reporting have also come up with a range of reasons: a wide range of media outlets, government proposals to regulate social media, poor formal communications and poor education among netizens.
During a protest against the government of January 2019, when government security forces arrested and attacked hundreds of protesters, news of the repression competed with the government's claims that they were false news or when it denied its existence.
The government blocked access to internet services to disrupt the flow of news and resulted in widespread confusion.
Government leaders and their supporters also used a strategy to mislead information about the protests and stifle doubts in any of the genius reports by posting the false news.
Traditionally, in Zimbabwe, citizens take for information from government ministers if they are right.
For example, Deputy Minister of Information Energy Mutodi emerged to convince people that everything was good and that the videos and photos of the soldiers that were patrolling the streets were produced by a few pilgrims.
Mutodi continued to mislead the nation when he alleged on the national television that there was no Internet censorship but riot.
In another case suspected to be a government-sponsored defamation, millions of people were devoured by social media during the
Others unloaded the air-up service tools known as Virtual Private Network (VPN) to continue to be diagnosed, but the information was distributed that exposing such tools would lead to detention, resulting in panic and anger.
In March 2019, while the Human Rights Association (HRW) tweeted a report condemning the abuses of the government to regulate the January 2019 protests, government supporters used Twitter to defam and attack HRW.
One user tweeted that the organisation was spreading public lies and called it a colonial colonialist organization that was commissioned to demand innocent countries to support the imperial interests of the United States.
Another referred to the government's allegations and complained that the violence was due to criminals who were trying to defam the president.
And the spoof over government policies and other incidents of interest have continued to calculate after the January protest.
Recently, members of the ruling party ZANU PF used Twitter to mislead the public about the disappearance of Dk.Peter Magombey, who is the President of the Association of Medical Association of Zimbabwe (ZHDA).
He was abducted on September 14, 2019, following the announcement of a strike in the health sector.
ZANU PF Secretary for Youth Affairs described Magombey as a fool and cursing the academic.
The account titled ZANU PF Patriots stated that the reports of his abduction were false.
Others spread false allegations that doctors killed many patients following the strike, including more than 500 people in a hospital.
Zimbabwe's historical background
Zimbabwe's media censorship is rooted in the 20th century colonial policies, which were stained for use of force to destabilize in the face of political authorities.
The Ian Smith-led Rhodhesia government focused on propaganda and regulated information as its best weapon, not only to justify the government's legitimacy but also to disseminate war reports.
The colonial government passed a large number of laws to suppress or oppose Smith’s discrimination policies and implemented these laws to target the leaders of the liberation.
Media control was the norm before independence in 1980, and this posted a government example on the subject of communication policy and media management for the years.
As a celebrity journalist and journalist Heidi Holland, in his book, Dinner with Mugabe: The Untold Story of a Freedom Fighter Who Became a Tyrant:
Many people in ZANU PF have lived in atrocities wrecked in their everyday life to make it seem normal.
The forest war, or the second Chimurenga war, has never ended in Zimbabwe.
Today, Mnangagwa is developing this heritage, suppressing the voices of critics through the tactics of obscene information and internet life.
This post is part of a series of publications that study the encryption of digital rights through tactics such as internet censorship and misinformation during important political events in seven African countries: Algeria, Ethiopia, Mozambique, Nigeria, Tunisia, Uganda, and Zimbabwe.
The project is funded by the Africa Digital Rights Fund of The Collaboration on International ICT Policy for East and Southern Africa (CIPESA).
Protesters participating in the June 2018 Women's Protest in Kampala, Uganda.
Photo by Katumba Badru, used with permission.
In Uganda, the Internet has become a media outlet when the government tries to silence the growing opposition voice online.
Over the years, Ugandan authorities have used different tactics to suppress the opposition and restore National Resistance Movement and President Yoweri Museveni to power.
This includes blocking media sites, censoring SMS and shutting down social media platforms.
As the 2021 Ugandan general election approaches, the leaders of the regime are expected to develop similar tactics.
Incarceration during the 2016 election
During the 2016 general elections, Ugandan leaders were forced to double the platforms of all social media platforms.
The first prison term was implemented on February 18, 2016, during the presidential election work, and it affected social media platforms and telecommunications services.
This prevention lasted four days.
On May 11, 2016, social media platforms, including Facebook, WhatsApp and Twitter and mobile money services were blocked again.
This imprisonment lasted a day and took place one day before President Museveni sworn over his fifth term as president.
Museveni has been in power since 1986.
The opposition to his administration is strong: According to a poll released on April 2019, the majority of Ugandans are opposed to 2017's decision to take down the 75-year-old presidential age, which would allow the 74-year-old president to reconvent 2021 elections.
During all the prison terms in 2016, the Ugandan government stated that the reason was national security to regulate the internet.
Confusion was ordered by Ugandan security organisations and the Uganda Commission of Communications (UCC), which supervises the communication sector, online publications, broadcasting (not radio and television), a screenshot of films, postal services, circulating letters
On February 18, 2016, MTN Uganda, a telecommunications and Internet service provider, reported on Twitter confirming that UCC, had ordered MTN to shut down all social media and telecommunications services because of security threats to the public.
The order also affected other mobile companies such as Airtel, Smile, Vodafone, and Africel.
On that same day, President Museveni told journalists that he ordered the closing of social media: The measures must be taken to safety to prevent many people from getting into trouble, it's temporary because some people use them to lie, he said.
On March 17, in a formal statement during the ruling of the Supreme Court where President Museveni's victory was challenged, executive director of the UCC, Godfrey Mutabazi explained that he received instructions from Inspekta Police General Kayihura, blocking social media sites and services for sending mobile phones because of the electricity.
This imprisonment intervened the rights and everyday lives of Ugandans who use social media platforms to find out, express their views and do their daily businesses.
Weeks before the 2016 elections, Ugandans volunteered to publish and discuss the elections with #UgandaDecides and #GDebate16.
The Ugandan Internet participation rate was sparked by the first president's debate ever launched by the TV, the first one that took place on January and the second, a week later.
Despite the imprisonment of social media, many Ugandans continued to report on the elections by using VPN.
On election day, citizens were able to take part in what was hiring about the delay of voting materials in remote areas, frauds in the elections, and the temporary result of frauding on social media.
Human rights activists say that strategic arrests during the elections slow down communication, while access to news and speech of citizens is very much needed.
The internet shutdown prevents people from talking about certain issues that affect them, such as health, interaction with friends and political diversions, Moses Owiny, the Center for Multilateral Affairs, an independent policy analysis in Uganda and Tanzania, told Global Voices in an interview.
According to Owiny, prisons aim to block political opposition on the basis of fear of the government that citizen opinion can inspire the public, which he believes is unfound but presumed.
Uganda’s history to block online platforms and websites
On April 14, 2011, the UCC ordered netizens to block their access to Facebook and Twitter for 24 hours to alleviate links and exchange of news.
The order was issued during the hot walk to work protests led by the opposition following the rising of fuel and food prices.
The telecommunications administration stated that security forces asked for censorship of social media to prevent violence.
In 2011, the elections were met with filtering of SMS with some words including Egypt, bullet and power.
To the 2006 general elections, the UCC ordered netizens to block access to the Radio Katwe website by publishing misrepresentatives against the ruling National Resistance Movement and its presidential candidate, according to the Philippine Elections of the United States on the SouthC.
Ugandan authorities blocked the access of radio stations and the Daily Monitor website by publishing free election results.
These platforms were quickly returned but only after the electoral commission announced the official results.
2021 elections: the same tactics?
President Museveni in May 2013.
He has been in power since 1986.
Photo: Foreign and Commonwealth Office on Flickr (CC BY 2.0...Tangu in 2016, the regime has continued to arrest opposition politicians and journalists.
Robert Kyagulanyi, a popular almanac like Bobi Wine, a singer and leader of the opposition People Power, who is also a member of parliament, has already announced his offer of presidency.
Bobi Wine is currently facing criminal charges for harassing the president and if found guilty, he will not be allowed to kill them.
According to Human Rights Watch, in 2018 the regime aimed at six opposition parliaments including Bobi Wine and Francis Zaake, before the 15 August elections in Arua (in Uganda).
Police and military arrested the group and 28 others on August 13, 2018, and charged them with treason.
Later they were released on bail.
On the same day, the police also arrested two journalists, Herber Zziwa and Ronald Muwanga, while reporting on the elections and violence related to the elections, including the horror killings of Bobi Wine's military bullet.
Read more: #FreeBobiWine: Protests mount over torture and arrest of a young political force in Uganda
As the 2021 elections approach, it is more likely that the Ugandan regime will continue the suppression of the opposition, including the closing of social media.
In fact, since the 2016 elections, there was no change in the legal system that allows the government to restrict the right to freedom of expression and access to information online.
According to the 2016 State of Internet Freedom in Africa report, the 2013 Communications Act gives UCC more power and works under a 5th article that allows the communication controller to monitor, inspect, provide a license, monitor, and regulate communication services and regulate standards, monitor, monitor, and implement information accounts.
With the government's request, the UCC used this section to order netizens (ISPs) to prevent access to social media and telecommunications during the 2016 elections.
The government continues to use these laws to regulate public debate and silence political opponents, especially during the elections.
Owiny argues that the government is able to shut down the internet whenever it seems necessary: Where the security of the government and its citizens intervenes, where government security is threatened, government security and its healing will be given priority.
Non-government organizations and human rights advocates have been preparing themselves in Uganda to block blocks such as the one carried out in 2016 is no longer happening.
Several soldiers wrote a joint letter to the African Community and organisations asking them to condemn the Ugandan administration's decision to block access to the Internet during the 2016 election
The Unwanted Witness Uganda took the Ugandan government to court, as well as Media Services (ISPs) and communication regulator (UCC), to the trial presented in September 2016.
The organisation indicated that the government-ordained prison term violated the rights of Ugandans of free speech and expression as stated in the 29st regulations (1) of the 1995 constitution.
However, the judge ruled that the prosecutor's prosecution failed to confirm any violations of the detention, Unwanted Witness told Global Voices.
Successing the threat of access to the Internet in the next elections will require more advocacy.
Owiny proposed the need of digital rights activists to raise dialogue between the government and the private sector to submit the negative impact of imprisonment because the private sector is feared by the government.
Uganda was one of the first African countries in Africa to create a civil rights law to access public information, known as Access to Information Act (ATIA), in 2005.
The law promises to grant prosperity, easily, transparency and accountability that will enable the public to gain access and participate in decisions that affect them as citizens of the country.
Will the government play a role in promoting the right to information?
And will they fulfill his promises?
This post is part of a series of publications that study the encryption of digital rights through tactics such as censorship of internet and misinformation during important political events in seven African countries: Algeria, EEthiopia, Mozambique, Nigeria, Tunisia, Uganda, and Zimbabwe.
The project is funded by the Africa Digital Rights Fund of The Collaboration on International ICT Policy for East and Southern Africa (CIPESA).
Students from DCMA School practiced various musical instruments at Old Customs, Ungwe City, Zanzibar, 2019.
Photo courtesy of DCMA.
Thousands of foreigners who visit Mkongwe, Zanzibar, an ancient town known to hold a huge archipelago history, follow the sound of music from DCMA, a music school focused on promoting and maintaining rock music that is known for its origins in the islands and other coastal areas of the Indian Sea.
Since 2002, the school has been promoting and caring for Zanzibar's unique culture which confuses Iranian cultures, Iranian and African through music.
17 years since the establishment of the school, it is clear that the financial situation threatens its imprisonment.
Nearly 70% of the students who study at school are unable to pay academic fee, which is approximately $13 per month, according to official DCMA report.
Although the school has been receiving aid from international donors and friendly organisations, it is currently coping with a huge whistle that can force its closures and leave the historic Zanzibar Museum, known as Old Customs House.
Without an immediate funding, DCMA students and teachers are worried that the sounds used to glide from the building's outskirts and make the islands enjoyable art can stop.
The school not only teaches and promotes culture and natural heritage through music, but it is also inhabited by a large group of young musicians who are looking for alternatives to live their lives through art.
DCMA student learns to play a traditional lightrab musical tool.
Photo courtesy of DCMA.
We have begun to deal with the financial crisis, says Alessia Lombardo, DCMA's Dominant Director, in the official DCMA video.
From now to six months, we are not sure that we can be able to pay salaries to teachers and other workers.
Now, 19 cartoon teachers and a few other workers have not been paid their salaries for more than six months because the school has been struggling to get support from friends at the same time trying to create a sustainable revenue for the school's delivery.
Although the islands are known to attract many tourists to the advice of beaches and expensive hotels, many indigenous people are suffering a serious unemployment despite the statistics provided by the World Bank indicate that poverty has fallen short on the island.
For over 17 years, DCMA has worked tirelessly to promote and protect Zanzibar's immense heritage through music.
It is where she was born a lightrab music tag and popular singer Siti Daught Saad and Fatuma Daught Baraka, or Mrs.
Kidude, Zanzibar is a musical venue that emerged through a cultural combination and collaboration between Pwanis for the past hundreds of years.
Today, students can learn natural music like lightrab, drums and dadumbak, as well as other tools such as drums, qanun and oud, as guards and translators of culture and tradition.
Neema Surri, a violin player at school in DCMA, has been learning how to dance since he was 9 years old.
I know a lot of young people who wish to learn music but cannot afford a small fee with poverty and unemployment, Surri said on the DCMA video.
DCMA students exercise at Old Customs House, at their school, Old City, Zanzibar, 2019.
Photo courtesy of DCMA.
After finishing the DCMA workshops, the Astashahada and Stashahada residences, many DCMA students go to work in international platforms as administrative bands and independent artists.
Ladyman Amina Omar Juma, a former DCMA student and current DCMA teacher, recently returned from a visit to South Africa along with a band that acquired Sit and Yake, known for combining the roots by mixing the voices of natural lights and the voices of modern rhetoric.
Also, in collaboration with his colleagues, who are former DCMA students, released the first draft, Fusing the Roots, in 2018, holding a concert on the Busara Vot, the largest music concert in the East African region of the year.
Here you can listen to the band's song I understand and its video, highlighting Zanzibar's precautions to describe the story of a woman facing domestic violence and the dreams of music, such as the personal story of Omar Juma:
Read more: East African Women in Music Tasnia Sing to Denounce Men
Cultural history and collaboration
More than 15,000 foreigners have been through the school's building to enjoy the showy displays, workshops and classrooms and meet DCMA musicians who represent the future of Zanzibar culture and heritage, according to DCMA.
With some of India's history, Urabuni and Africa, the school is happy that the cultural impacts of different countries, with traditions connected to the region of the Indian Sea and the Persian Gulf.
The Omani Sultan, a prominent king of the 17th and 19th centuries, moved from Muscat to Zanzibar in 1840.
From the town of Mkongwe, Omanini rulers ran a sea trade, including a brave, gold, clothes, relying on wind-driven flights between Indian Oceans to Oman and East Africa.
Young Zanzibars are aware of the importance of understanding their history to identify whether their future and the music they make today describes the desire to set a bridge between the old and the modern world.
Recently DCMA students and their teachers started TaraJaz, a coalition of natural lightrab and modern jaz.
His musician, Felician Mussa, 20, has been learning to play a musical instrument called violin for three and a half years; TaraJazz is one of the most sought bands on the island, here being caught by photographer Aline Coquelle:
The Swahili Coast explains the mixed cultural and DCMA story develops this culture through musical collaboration.
Each year, the school prepares a project called Swahili Encounters, a ‘Swahili conference that gathers musicians known from Africa, the Middle East, Europe and North America and DCMA students for making real musical donation within a week.
At the end of the conference, new teams of enrolled artists are required to perform a show on the Voice of Busara, and often these teams are endless friendships that cross language and culture, thus proving that music is the language of the world.
DCMA prepares for a weekly showcase of the talents of her students and friends visiting musicians, Mkongwe City, Zanzibar, 2019
Photo courtesy of DCMA.
DCMA's school recognizes that music raises and connects people regardless of their traditions and also employs young people with rich talents living in an economically poor society and a shortage of job opportunities.
With the number of 1,800 students over the DCMA training, this school is the only musical home they know, where they can learn and grow up as musicians and artists.
One blogger from Spain, who recently visited DCMA school, wrote on TripAdvisor: Persons, meeting with musicians was my best time on the island.
While the tourism sector Zanzibar is growing fast, the DCMA school believes that music plays an important role in celebrating, maintaining and promoting Swahili culture, its heritage and history.
Zanzibar is more than a beach and its luxury hotels are a feature of the talents that sprout in the big history of the collection and the coalition of history.
In addition to Editor: The author of this post once volunteered at DCMA school.
Sierra Leone: Health providers preparing to enter the Ebola treatment area.
Flickr image by EC/ECHO/Cyprien Fabre, August 2, 2014.
(CC BY-NC-ND 2.0)
Earlier on August 12, the World Health Organization (WHO) released a positive report on the progress of the medical testing of several ebola drugs in the Democratic Republic of Congo (Congo).
WHO pointed out that tested ebola drugs have shown a positive outcome that will lead to the survival of Ebola patients, and goes on to explain that two out of the four tested drugs have shown greater potential for treating Ebola.
Who is responsible for the Ebola treatment?
Honorable Professor Jean-Jacques Muyembe-Tamfum, Director General of Institut National de Recherche Biomédicale (INRB) DR of Congo, invested a large portion of his life in search of Ebola virus.
While international media coverage of the Ebola epidemic is causing a significant number of deaths in Congo, news about the collective is being discussed at a low point by the media.
Muyembe-Tamfum explained : that we will no longer say that Ebola (EVD) is incurable.
Because of Muyembe-Tamfum's poor work, scientists experimented with four medicines to treat Ebola: ZMapp, remdesivir, mAb14 and REGN-EB3.
The medical testing of conducted to the 499 participants of the study showed that patients treated with REGN-EB3 or MAb14 showed a greater chance of recovery compared to those treated for two other drugs.
This study under the monitoring of the Institut National de Recherche Biomédicale (INRB), the Congolese Ministry of Health and three other healthcare organisations: the International Medical Corps (MC) and Médecide Sannsèsère (MaMA), the International Corps (
Congolese practitioner of Ebola medicine
Muyembe-Tamfum has been conducting research on Ebola's disease since the first Congolese reporting in Congo where 1976 was the first researcher to visit the area where Ebola is first reported. I took four decades of my life to seek medical treatment for Ebola's disease. This isn't the success of JeanDbola's third counter.
Dr Jean-Jacques Muyembe, executive director General of Institut National de Recherche Biomedicale of the #Congoan Republic and his colleagues have discovered a new Ebola epidemic that can treat the disease in just three hours.
A professor of technology at the Kinshasa- Democratic Republic of Congo, has now spent almost 40 years seeking treatment for the disease.
In 1995, he worked with WHO for the implementation of the project WHO in implementing recognition of the tactics to deal with the disease after the first reported Ebola patients in the town of Kikwit, the Democratic Republic of Congo.
Professor Muyembe-Tamfum (what alouded) spoke during a social education exercise in Beni, North Kivu, the Democratic Republic of Congo, early September 2018.
Photo by MONUSCO/Aqueel Khan (CC BY-SA 2.0)
Following this discovery, the Ebola victims now have a lot of hopes for quicker service and are thus transferred to a hospital for more medical treatment.
With 90% of the patients will be accessible to health centers and receive medical care and return to their adulthood, they will not believe this medicine and build faith in their communities and citizens in general.
Jean-Jacque Muyembe-Tamfum
Reasons for Ebola's medical attention
Ebola's first patients were reported in 1976 near the river Ebola in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
According to the Centre for Prevention and Prevention of Diseases (CDC), Ebola has since since then been emerging from natural sources (which has yet to be known) and leading people to Africa to the disease.
Ebola outbreak since 1976.
Screenshot from Magojwal Centre
Between 2014 and 2016 were reported more than 28,600 people infected with Ebola West Africa.
According to WHO report by 2015:
In 2014 Senegal had one case of Ebola's infections and without any reported death.
WHO announced that Nigeria's move to combat the Ebola virus is part of the massive task of coping with a rapidly spread deadly disease.
In January 2015, Mali was reported to have 8 Ebola patients and 6 deaths.
However, the situation was extremely tragic between March and June2016 in three countries: In Sierra Leone: more than 14,000 people suffered from Ebola and 4,000 deaths; Liberia: about 10,000 people died from Ebola and 3,000 died.Guinea: 3,800 patients and 2,500 deaths.
A general description of Ebola International epidemic
Ebola's devastating disease in African countries was alarmed in 2015 when two ebola patients were reportedly dying in the US, one in Spain and another Germany.
GabyFleur Böl, a researcher at the Diaspora Institute of Crisis in Berlin, Germany, Italy, and Switzerland, reported other reports of Ebola patients in Spain.
At the time, Ebola's infections were considered a death sentence due to the lack of authentic treatment.
As Böl previously said, the high rate of deaths from Ebola and also /a > sometimes, media reports about Ebola contributed to global alarm.
Simily Robinson and Ethan Zuckerman have also published more than 109,000 posts in major US media outlets between July and November 2014, Emily Robinson and Ethan Zuckerman.
They discovered three key moments about the news of Ebola in major media outlets and blogs in the United States on July 27, September 28, and 15 Octoba in 2014:
On July 27, it was reported for the first time that doctors from the United States in Liberia were infected with Ebola.
On 30 September, media coverage of Thomas Duncan's Ebola disease in Texas was reported in the US.
On October 12, reports of an Ebola patient who is a health care provider slipped deep in the US.
After October 12, another one of the Ebola policies was reported on a series of reports that led to their demise of the day.
US media may have reported a lot about Ebola's disease as a result of the disease in the country.
Also, thanks to the ease of media coverage, Ebola has been widely debated in European and US media.
However, what is waiting is to see if information on the cure of Ebola invented by an African from the Democratic Republic of Congo that treats the African epidemic will be replaced by media in 2017.
Erick Kabendera trains journalists in 2012, Dare s Salaam.
Photo by Pernille Baerendtsen, used with permission
On July 29, 6 robots arrested Erick Kabendera at his home in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania and detained him.
Police say Kabendera has defied a self-regime decree for investigation of his citizenship as a Tanzanian.
Throughout the last week, police searched a kabender house twice, snatched his passport, his personal papers and questioned his family.
On August 5, authorities changed the point, Kabandera was charged with financial inclusion, avoiding the payment of $75,000 US dollars, including criminal involvement. This is according to
Police say Kabendera has committed these mistakes over a four-year period since 2015.
With the charges that Kabendera faces until 15 years in prison and is not allowed to bail.
Tanzanian locks
They first captured the journalist, when they saw that the noise was so intense that they claimed it was not a Tanzanian, and it lacks a suit, he is now charged with criminal crimes and avoided paying taxes.
Kutanana and Erick Kabendera, his Kosa is being a journalist.
Media freedom has worsened in Tanzania's Magufuli era, reported by CPJ.
Representative of the Information Institute (CPJ) in Sub-Saharan Africa, Muthoka Mumo says:
It seems that over the last week the authorities have been seeking to prove the reasons for his detention, this independent journalist and critic.
They first claimed that the citizenship of Erick Kabendera is not being implemented, today they have added different charges, which only make us wonder why their intention is to hold him.
As journalist Kabendera has been criticizing the administration of President John Magufuli and has often managed the direction of press freedom.
She has reported in local and international media such as The Guardian, African Arguments and The East African about Tanzanian politics and how it divides people.
JJebra Kambole, a Cabendera administrator, also shocked Kabendera with seditional statements against the government through a post published in The Economist, entitled John Magufuli suppresses freedom of news in Tanzania.
The news that came out soon: journalist Erick Kabendera was charged with seditions against the government due to an article published in The economist, which says John Magufuli suppresses Tanzania' freedom of information from Zebra Kambole says that Mr. Kabendera has been deprived of the bahamana.
Civilization has been made as a tool to silence people
The Kabenderan family says this is not the first time the government asks about kabender citizenship.
In 2013 the government also filed a similar charge but the case was later dismissed, according to The Citizen.
Kabendera at the time noted that authorities wanted to use the issue of investigating his citizenship as a way to silence him.
Last year, The Citizen also reported several cases in which the government used to question citizenship to silence critiques in Tanzania.
Aidan Eyakuze, executive director of Can, civil society, who focused on the voices of the Citizens, said the authorities have confiscated his passport and refused to travel while his citizenship investigation continues.
Two weeks before the incident, We could report the results of a study called Truth to the incumbent?
Public opinion at Tanzanian Politics
The Commission of science and technology (Costech) claimed that the study was unconstitutional and threatened to take legal action but later the case was cancelled, according to The Citizen.
In recent years Tanzania has brought a lot of amendments to the laws targeting bloggers and media, civil society organisations, art and culture agencies and professionals and researchers to the action taken by critics of government critics as an attempt to regulate information from Tanzania and tens of gravity about expressing themselves and political rights.
Read more: Will Tanzanian Blogs Enjoy Paying or Want Blog Administration'?
#FreeErickKabendera
Hundreds of journalists, human rights activists, concerned leaders are full of social media for the release of Cabendera:
AFEX Africa calls the prosecution a clear purpose of violence
It is nine days now and the Tanzanian police are still calling for detention to journalist Erick Kabendera who is being investigated @AFEXafrica say there is a need for an end to this public act of power.
https://t.co/7UFZkzYzwV @MRA_Nigeria @FXISouthAfrica @gmpressunion #FreeErickKabendera #NoImpunity
AFEX (@AFEXafrica) August 6, 2019
Kabendera, who has often trained and encouraged young journalists, has made a student who has posted this message from Twitter:
I met Erick Kabendera only once in my life, and for less than 80 minutes.
He came as a trainer invited to come to teach us (the media and communication to the public- @UniofDar).
But despite being with us for a short time, I learned a lot from him.
He really inspired me
#100K4Erick
Another netizen thinks Kabendera's arrest and rape is a warning sign to other citizens:
IT IS not Kabendera Because It's a Thursday or Campaign Because I Live in Tanzania Erick.
If justice isn't done for him today and I'm Silence, it can be a threat to me.
Nobody Safe When Violence Rules
Ivan Golunov and I.
A flag by Meduza, used with permission
: This Russian-language explanation means the level of laughing that is enough is probably the best way to convey how many Russians are concerned and the arrest of Ivan Golunov as well-known analyst.
He was arrested on June 6 of Moscow for what appears to be an excuse for drug trafficking.
Golunov was arrested and rejected by a lawyer which is contrary to Russia's laws.
His attorney confirmed his agony at the time of his death.
After being taken to the hospital he was allowed and put in a special mango on June 8.
The Russian soldiers initially reported photos of suspected drug labs were taken to Golunov's apartment but later excluded.
The pro-Kremlin news outlet in Russia has also confirmed that the photos were not taken from Golunov Gorofa.
The charges made by Golunov can be held for 10 to 20 years in prison.
The 36-based Golunov works in Meduza, one of the few online independent communities that use the remaining Russian language in Russia.
Meduza was registered in neighboring Latvia, but has few offices and journalists in Russia.
Golunov has led to a study of several corruption incidents involving high ranking leaders.
Since Golunov was arrested, Meduza has provided Golunov posts under a creative license and has encouraged media and individuals to retweet the news, which has been strongly supported by Global Voices.
Among the most important stories he published was the vice-Pya Pyotr Biryukov who passed the projects for his family and how a project to make the moscow a budget with a budget that surpassed the estimates.
The news she was dealing with before she was arrested was about the coverage of funeral services in Moscow.
The arrest of Golunov has instigated solidarity statements among journalists, activists and lawyers and popular singers outside Mscow and Petersburg the saint.
On June 10, three mainstream newspapers agreed to publish versions supporting Golunov on the front page.
Newspapers were sold and updated.
In an unprecedented setting pro-Kremlin and Channel One, with many bloggers, are asking for a fair investigation.
On June 12th it will be Russia's day, with a march and public demonstration allowed by local governments.
With Russian law, public demonstrations need permission.
The supporters of Golunov have announced that they will have their own walk without official permission.
Kremlin observers say the Russian government is watching to remove charges against the journalist before June 20.
On the day President Vladimir Putin, whose standards are down in history, will be speaking directly to the phone during a year of public speaking and receiving questions from citizens on phones and social media.
Kenyan journalist Binyavanga Wainaina at the Brooklyn Book ceremony, 2009.
Theinaina, who was 48 years old, died on Tuesday on May 22 in Nairobi, Kenya.
Photo by Nightscream, CC 3.0 and Wikimedia Commons.
Only 24 hours since Binyavanga Waina Mwandish Mkenya disappeared in this world, but there is a global impact.
In fact, the author skeptically blamed the agreement and challenged the government provocating for revolutionary journalism that would open the door for thousands of journalists wishing to change writing and explain what Africa is like.
The writer, teacher and activist of LGBTQ, 48 year old Binyavanga Wainaina, died on Tuesday on May 22, Nairobi, Kenya, after a brief illness.
Today I have thought: What will your life mean when you leave?
The death of Binyavanga has made me think about what I was five or so years ago and how was he for us as a young man with a skeptical enthusiasm and hunger for change on our continent as well as for us.
Fungai Marchrori (@fungaijustbeing) May 22, 2019
For a few minutes, friends, supporters and fans were flooded on social media, exchanged memories and thanks and discussing many of his most interesting writings
Wainaina is well-known for her provocative articles, How to write about Africa, published in the 2006 newspaper.
He is also known for his 2012 postbook, one day I will write about this place, and Mother's article, I'm a shade, published in Chimurenga, as well as Africa is a Country published in 2014.
The article was very interesting on Twitter because people tried to show the facts and newspapers teachers called Wainaina one of the 100 most prominent perpetrators in the world
In an article on how to describe Africa, Wainaina called the west media and the industrial aid of all the industries in Nairobi that are promoting undue discrimination on the African continent with a lot of fund and sarcasm.
Don't try to put a photo of a good African on a book cover or in it unless an African won a Nobel award.
Guns such as AK-47, good lips, breasts: use this.
If you have to include an African, make sure you get him from Masai or Zulu or Dogon.
His pill was a slightly harsh Kisu, writes Nigerian journalist Nwachukwu Egbunike.
Her article or book quoted widely by professionals, non-governmental organisations and aid workers have had a profound impact on African awareness and the result is ongoing, surprising and offensive.
On the results, journalist Pernille Bærendtsen writes:
For me, an article has followed me since I was brought as a gift in 2008 by my friend Mkenya.
I am one of the people accused by Binyavanga: Tanzania's unemployed development worker and the government’s insurgent wrote about the results of the article.
That was as development and industrial aid increased its effectiveness in order to circumvent cost change.
I had many reasons for feeling embarrassed, but I also had time to plan how to change.
Binyavanga later described in the journal Bidoun how this article took place in life and two impacts: By exposing the dangers of literary authors, employees of non-government agencies, monarchs, conservatives, students and traveling journalists who are reading these or not writing about Africa, asking for it begins.
Wainaina was the son of a married father and a Ugandan mother, she continued to question the fraud expressed on Africa particularly through the memorable documentary of her life in 2012 known as one day I will write about this place.
With information kemkem, it attracted readers from his childhood in the 1970s in Kenya and during his career as a student in South Africa where he spent years in exile.
Criticism praised the book as real and true, but later Waina confessed that she had forgotten the important face of her life.
Mum, I am a coward, Wainaina was the first lady with the highest status and clarification of social media, and evoke comments from the community.
It seemed like a lost face in the memory of his life.
Wainaina saw to say she was a coward to her mother dying.
His post was timely as a campaign against the largest conference on homosexuality and the law against homosexuality was proposed in Uganda and later in Tanzania where homosexual acts are criminal.
Read more: Tanzania's stand on homosexuality to extinguish political agenda
However, unlike other exiled journalists, Wainaina returned home as Nanjala Nyabola describes BBC on Twitter, saying it was important:
For those of us who grew up with prominent exiled female journalists, who were jailed, poor or very disgraced or rejected, he returned home and that was very important.
He was an indecent man but for this he is always thankful.
We should say our thoughts
While Binyavanga was indifferent to international groups, at home he criticized and faced the pressure of inadequacy on the grounds.
Binyavanga claimed the opportunity for freedom of speech and expression.
Courageously in the NGO by LGBTQ insisted on the twisting of the bases
In response to noise and other responses, that same year Wainaina wrote We should say our thoughts, in Yuotube as a message of six subsequent parts carrying his thoughts on freedom and thought.
I need to live a life of freedom of thought, he explained in the first place.
I am asking this generation of young parents to have young people to see Africans reporting this simple act is an important political act everyone needs to have.
I’m getting to see the continent where all kinds of ideas aren't required until they are allowed.
I am an African, I need to see this continent change.
From time to time, theina expressed her enthusiasm for the transition through her journalism, education and leadership.
In 2002, after winning Caine's best award for his home detection post, he spent the money to collaborate with the award?
A newspaper that aims to develop new voices and ideas that emerge across the continent.
Why?
was temporarily published and online connecting journalists from Lagos to Nairobi, Mogadishu to Accra.
Read more: We're working to prevent explosions': a word to be spoken in East Africa
While he sympathetically shook Kenya's social contracts publicly as scare and later exposed himself to HIV viral phenomenon via Twitter in 2016 was often painful, competing with it often camelash, struggle and pain.
Wainaina was a controversial person who struggled with pressure and often fought heavily because a celebrity figure seemed to be his complex role in society as a man of the people.
He had fans but was faced with criticism from prominent journalist Shailja Patel, who shocked Wainaina to be a venomous hating homosexuals.
Twitter user Néo Músangi recounts Citizens' shortcomings on Twitter:
I am not strong enough but I cry to Binya as my beloved friend in my foreign advocacy and my defense.
I am sorry he hurts others.
I am sorry that he was wrong as a human.
He would hate us cleaning him.
Writer Bwesigye Mwsigire, director of Writivism Festival in Uganda, also described this confusion via Facebook:
Her lifestyle was a problem.
The good and the transgression.
The people we hold because of their work and ideas are people.
It is human.
Are we willing to love them in their challenges Are we ever ready to love their complexity?
Now, much has been said about it.
There is no need to repeat what was said.
People have reminded him of his pain.
This pain is felt by someone he hears from his death.
There is only one Citizen Binyavanga.
He is ridiculous for now.
Let's celebrate his life.
Curiosity talent
Kenyan activist Boniface Mwangi posts a message on Twitter after posting a message of praise for the Beans via Facebook; hate and cynicism followed his message.
Wainaina was an inquisitive man who should be remembered:
I posted a text message via Facebook on Binyavanga's death, #RIPBinyavanga was very bad and too ashamed I have never read.
Even thieves who rob us of taxes and kill people do not get as much hatred as that.
The truth is, Binya had an intellectual and curious talent and will continue to be read and remembered
A Ugandan advocate for mother rights and journalist Rosebell Kagumire highlighted what she learned from the stereotypes of the Citizens:
Do not let fear.
Do not resist yourselves.
Talk about what needs to be said.
Beautifully written.
Exercise your trueness and your heart.
Where you will breathe your last breath there will be a million more meaningful words to Binyavanga
Through his life and writing he gave up and made others admirable, and his sudden death marks poetry through his life and letter, he gave itself and countless the others to coulde could it be another life, as well, and his passdening inspired musing musings:
One day I will write about your beautiful hair
One day I will write about your laughter
One day I will write about your independence
One day I will write about your thinking ability
One day I will write about your refusal
Today I write thanke
nya Yvonne Adhiambo Owuor, a journalist and author of Dust, and indeed a friend of theinates, concludes with a final mourning:
Who told you to leave?
from your body at night without leaving a new account?
The face is tilted, the eyes are burning, he said, You have only 3 seconds to mourn you there.
Who told you to leave?
From your body without leaving a new account?
To whom can one go out in fear and shake as a text of trial?
Now he is one of the top people, you can join Binya's planet with a huge snack of his work.
A front page of the de Angolan newspaper about the winning of the Telstar company.
hit by Dércio Tsandzana, April 2019 and under permission
Angolan President João Lourenço on 18 April followed the government's inventions for a mobile phone operator in the country, saying that the winner of Telstar does not abide by the necessary criteria for the service.
The president's decisions can show division in the Angolan government.
The Telstar Company was founded in January 2018 with the first 200,000 (about US$ 600), and his senior stakeholders are Manuel João Carneiro (3 percent) and businessman António Cardoso Mateus (10 percent), a report from Portugues Obeservador.
As a result of the Angolan news reports, Manuel João Carneiro's victory was granted by expiring President Eduardo dos Santos.
Observador reported that 27 companies participated in the process of applying for inventions opened by the Ministry of Information and Technology under José Carvalho da Rocha.
According the Angolan newspaper on April 25, João Lourenço signed regulations that set new laws for opening the innovative invitations.
After the results of the first public release, many Angolans questioned the integrity of the process.
Others went far saying that winner Telstar had never had a website.
This was said by Skit Van Darken, editor and program director on Facebook:
Telstar Telecommunications, Ltd, was founded on 26 January 2018, with the first 200,000 inhabitants from Diário da República, whose players are the general Manuel João Carneiro (3 percent) and António Cardoso Mateus (4%).
The senior party is linked to Mundo Startel, a well-profit, registered company in INACOM, a communication controller with a license though it has passed by.
A company that does not even have websites!
I DO NOT WILL NOT BREAKING POWERS
THIS IS ABOUT
For now, Joaquim Lunda, a regular journalist and broadcaster on social media, praised the president's act and I even came to the fact that the Minister of Intelligence fled the risk of being expelled for this failure:
The translation Nin thanks and is a compliment act, the decision taken by the Republic's president, João Lourenço, to delete the government's inventions that the Angolan Telstar company won a licence for the fourth telecommunications in Angola.
There were many people dissatisfied with the many important things to make clear the ban on There were reservations and a lot of points to clarify the issue.
Someone doesn't see a company that was formed in 2018 by the first 200 thousand neighborhoods, awarded a creative awards.
I am absolutely sure that the days of the Minister of Communications and the media are numbered.
After being defeated by ANGOSAT 1, now and what we are witnessing today, I am worried if Fear does anything.
Let's enjoy the game silently!!
The president's decision came after the same minister who led in 2017, satellite project Angosat 1, is coming into trouble again.
Adriano Sapiñala, a deputy member of the main opposition party, sees a problem in the government:
JLo [João Lourenço... should plan well because yesterday the fervent minister was saying that the time of the complaint was over and so Telstar would continue the next step because it was the winner of fraudulent innovation and today JLo emerges and devises!
Communication is not good?
Now whether the minister should take a stand or JLo should expel him because if he has deleted his process is because his process was not good and that doesn't affect any clean person must be accountable!
Blanka Nagy speaking at the January 2019 protest.
Photo by Márk Tremmel, CC BY-NC-SA 2.5.
This story was written by Tamás B. Kovács and translated by Anita K://m*ves for the non-profit Hungary Journal, Atlatszo.
This edited copy is available here as a collaboration with Global Voices.
Media supporters of the Hungary administration have started a new attack on Blanka Nagy, a high school student who spoke against the government in several protests since the end of 2018.
Nagy tolerates much criticism and has also been sexually harassed and one source has called her a prostitute.
He has already filed a criminal case against three Lokàl, Ripost and Origo which support the government, said he was dying in school.
However, after winning a case against Origo, Nady attacked her again for publishing her school report.
Nady told Atlatszo that she was thinking of suing Origo again because of their immediate news.
Blanka Nagy has been popular in Hungary last winter after he gave a speech in an anti-government protest, where he criticized prominent politicians, using harsh language.
His harsh words were shared by social media users via video of his speech.
Two months after his video attracted attention to social media, supporters and scholars such as Zsolt Bayer started a series of attacks on him.
The tools said he was paying a lot of his studies and had missed many days of school.
They also call the talentless who wants to be popular and prostitute.
His attorney presented a copy of the results in court showing that he was not in his studies and also copies of the results were given to Origo's lawyers.
The source decided to publish information from a report on Nagy's results and said that he neared to completion the history of the past term and is also in a document for filing other lessons.
When #VyomboVina supportsnoserikaliHungary fakes about the young daughter of protester Blanka Nagy, they have charged them for insulting and won.
They have to apologise and correct their information but have refused and continue to denounce him.
TV2 TV2 station set aside time for news coverage to defam its results, mentioning copies taken to court but did not say what the verdict was https://t.co/MyllWb2Jwh
Joost (@almodozo) April 5, 2019
My attorney and I think we are calling on the source of the news that published a copy of my results from school, Nagy told Atlatszo in an interview.
He said that Origo had no right to publish his results.
He and his advocates think Origo had no right to see the outcome they represented in court.
And their latest accusations aren't true too, Nady said.
I don't understand my history story, different from what they said.
I have the best results my marks are more than 2 (which is the C).
What they say is false.
I would be embarrassed if it was true because in my family there was a history teacher among my grandfathers, he ended up saying.
I think all these insults against me are something very strange but I am not raped anymore.
It shows how I am intimidating some of the top powers of the ruling party Fidesz.
The fact is that the act of Zsolt Bayer himself attacked me and the media that supports the government to spread false information against me, confirms that, he added.
Blanka Nagy a high school student: Fidesz is mad, technical, bad and tragic.
This vile gang of robbers, this government of the minority, who are filling their pockets for their civilian life while you are suffering from poverty as a retiree.
He said the truth.
THIS is Hungary.
False information is the only weapons of the Hungary government.
Some opposition authorities have responded with defamation.
According to the recent data collected by Atlatszo, mainstream propaganda sources have failed many cases, and the courts were ordered to correct information 109 times in 2018.
They can't put their thoughts on our heads so they shoot us #SOSNicaragua N so reads a protester's post during the protests for political prisoners in Managua.
August, 2018.
Photo: Jorge Mejía Peralta (CC BY 2.0)
Since the massive protests against President Daniel Ortega erupted in Nicaragua on April 2018, the government has banned demonstrations, arrested thousands without firing charges and blocking major sources and alternatives to the news.
The attempts to get the conversation out, Nicaragua has now become a difficult question.
The demonstration began with the reversal of social park policies where it would raise revenues while minimizing backpacks.
The process was initially made by the authorities opened the door of a nationwide protest calling on President Daniel Ortega, his wife and Vice President Rosario Murillo to resign.
The death toll from the protests is overshadowed and not revived since last year because the barriers against reporting and memory have increased.
Disemba 2018 the government blocked some of the NGOs that were closely following police violence and violation of Human Rights including the Center for Human Rights in Nicaragua (Cenidh) and the Development Institute for Democracy (Ipade).
The Company, two groups of the Human Rights Commission in America (IACHR) Primes to Coordinate Monitoring Nicaragua (MESENI) and the Group of Human Rights Expressed from the country, leaving Nicaragua free to manage Human Rights and Creative Activists, and harassing Women.
Read more: We are the victims we help: Copying the violations of Human Rights Nicaragua
The minimum estimates of the casualties, recognised by the government in August 2018 have increased to 197.
However, the Human Rights Agency has memorized 322 deaths until September 2018, where most deaths were shot in the head, neck and chest.
Blogger Ana Siú wrote in Medium recently about his experience in the April 2018 protests:
I saw my college friend being attacked by a gang via Instagram Mubashara.
I heard him screaming and trying to avoid being hurt.... At the end, the man who attacked him in a motorcycle left him but took his phone.
She didn't know she was still showing signs.
Then he said, let's go!
We should take these calls to be checked.
The event lasted 20 minutes.
He also reflected on the May 30 protests, which marked the historic protests on the date Nicaragua celebrates Mother’s day where 15 people were killed.
That day we changed our minds about the protests.
Some of us in the protests saw how they were killing young people.
It is the first time the police attacked massive demonstrations such as fire bullets.
I have never been so close to death.
When students blocked the universities in Managua's capital, rural workers blocked roads in rural areas.
In June the protesters of Masaya announced the Eastern city to be an independent dictatorship.
The government attacked protesters who created protective barriers and responded to police attacks.
Protesters became increasingly involved in violence and violence and by August 2018 were 22 deaths of police officers, and this is according to government figures.
In the middle of 2018, the police started what they called the operación to give him a demolition, destroying barriers and accusing suspected suspects of engaging in them.
Reports say security forces did so in collaboration with militants groups.
Many students, leaders of the farmers' movement, rights defenders and journalists were targeted in the deadly campaign and many of them were charged.
And some medical personnel who served the injured during the protests have been troubled by what they did.
The Nicaragua Medical Association said at least 240 doctors were expelled from public hospitals as a means of elimination.
Read more: Nicaragua protests and journalists face violent street attacks and online networks.
In September the protests were made illegal again, and any activities in the streets now need special approval from the authorities, where they are often rejected.
On February 27, 2019, the dialogue table was referred to between the government and the opposition party, Alianza Cívica por la Justicia y la Democracia (Presidents of Justice and Democracy for Citizen), followed by the release of hundreds of people from prison.
Compared to the previous session, the session did not include the leaders of the farmers and students movement, because some are incarcerated, and others are in exile.
Not the new president is the only new beginning
Since the country's crisis is in the second year now, Nicaragua's future worries have been carried by the hashtagi #SOSNicaragua, which is offered daily along with allegations, photos of the victims and the cries of the students in prison and their families.
Read more: Nicaragua's draft Diaspora twice
Nicaragua, a news source, Niú interviewed protesters who led the February slogans in nearby Costa Rica and described the hardships of their lives in exile.
Alejandro Donaire, a student said that he fled the country after taking part in a peaceful protest, told Niú how difficult it is to feel like part of a normal community and life, after spending a long time in hiding, running and protesting.
Madelaine Caracas, spokesman for a group of students known as Student Cooperation for Democracy, also shared Niú's thirst for Nicaragua's shift which would be more than Ortega to leave:
[We want Twitter to eradicate dictatorships, sexual oppression, selfishness and other weaknesses that have pitted into the country's political culture.
We believe more that Ortega will leave this year and that I will return to Nicaragua this year.
And I am sure because Ortega is currently in international and economic spaces as well as because all those participating in the April Protest have been fully prepared now.
The last dialogue between the Government and the opposition ended on April 3, with an agreement in two of the four topics discussed.
The government has first promised that it will release all political prisoners and second will respect civil freedom.
There was no agreement about the rights of the victims of the electoral violence or self-religion for the 2021 elections.
The opposition group of the Civil Union said that however the government has failed to respect the agreement.
It has been reported that the Police have continued to disrupt peaceful protests.
Like April 6, only 50 of the 600 political prisoners were released, and detained in their homes.
Later on April 17, following a new setback by the US, more than 600 prisoners were released and taken to the end of their homesteads, however according to the Civil Union, only 18 members of the group were on the list of political prisoners and the hope of being released.
In the minds of people like the activist and researcher Felix Madariaga, the new leader of the Nicaragua Tomorrow remains in prison today.
Meanwhile, opposition groups have called for a protest to commemorate the events of April 2018.
With restrictions on the authorities and the ban on the protests, it is also expected to have a new repression from the police.
