Photo by President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, President Muhammadu Buhari by Bayo Omoborio via Wikimedia Commons, May 29, 2015, (CC BY-SA 4.0).
The Nigerian government announced Friday that it blocks Twitter in the country, days after it canceled a dangerous tweet written by Nigerian President Muhammadu Buhari claiming that the government will use force against the Igbo tribe.
Despite the removal of the tweet, the message went to spread on social media, reminding us of the pangs of civil war that killed more than a million people.
But the tweet prompted a movement on social media to stand up with Nigerians of the Igbo tribe.
In a series of tweets published on June 1, 2021, Buhari is threatening to deal with Nigerians who come from the eastern part of the country using the language they understand, referring to the civil war in Nigeria between 1967-1970 over the separatist movement of the Republic of Biafra, southeastern Nigeria.
The tweet was written after a series of anti-government attacks and security forces in the region, which is accused of having a military group linked to the Indigenous Peoples of Biafra (IPOB), the movement of people who want Biafra to isolate themselves.
The group denies responsibility for the attacks, according to the American Voice.
Many of the disciplinary today were small enough to comprehend the destruction and loss of lives that took place during the Nigerian Civil Fights, said a tweet by Buhari that has now been canceled:
Screenshot of Nigeria's President Buhari's
Tweets responding to the statements made by Buhari who seemed to be angry at the White House, the headquarters of the country, Abuja, about the tendency of attacks on electoral officials.
I think we gave them enough platforms.
They said what they wanted, but now they want to destroy the country, he said, referring to the people who want to isolate themselves:
Buhari speaks with his mouth
Buhari, the former general, was in the military during the Nigerian civil war.
The war killed more than a million Igbo people and other Eastern residents, according to Chima J. Korieh, professor of African History at Marquette University in the United States.
For many Nigerians, the separation war in the Biafra region, in general, is considered an unforgettable event, but for the Igbo people who struggled to isolate themselves, remains a panel that changed the meaning of their lives, says Nigerian journalist Adaobi Tricia Nwaubani.
(Dondoo: The author is from the Igbo tribe.)
Twitter's policy on hate behavior prevents tweets that preach violence and threaten people with a category of race, ethnicity, national origin.
Such tweets, such as Buhari, are canceled by the company or users themselves force them to cancel content going contrary to policy.
Lai Mohammed, a Nigerian news minister, described the removal of the president's tweets by the social media company as a suspicious event:
Twitters Mission In Nigeria Is Suspicious, Says Lai Mohammed pic.twitter.com/6hbAKsnjVM
Tweets with threats still appear online
A study by the Digital Africa Research Lab (DigiAfricaLab) community expert shows that a tweet of intimidation written by Buhari still appears on several accounts two days after being deleted by Twitter, advises for quotation by other users:
More than 30 hours after Twitter deleted the Nigerian president @MBuhari for the crime of breaking the law, a tweet eradited from BADO INAONEKANA on many online accounts for being quoted!
Online using different tools, DigiAfricaLab saw more than 17,000 tweets quoted by users before the social networking company can delete the tweet from @MBuhari and @NGRPresident, all of them verification accounts used by President Buhari.
Furthermore, DigiAfricaLab was able to click and raise President Buhari's tweets were blown off.
My tweets can continue to be seen by Twitter users because the tools used by Twitter (API) are based on other media tools linking data via URL.
Another reason, according to J. D. Biersdorfer of New York Times, is that deleted tweets may still be available and thus appear on the search results until the website is revived by a new copy of a tweet on the main account page.
reaction to the hashtag #IAmIgboTooo
The tweet of President Buhari's intimidation sparked a heated debate from Nigerian Twitter users, a discussion that struck the web heads with the hashtag #IAmIgboToo to express their regrets.
Likewise, Nigerian Twitter users from various ethnic groups also used the Igbo language to stand up with the Igbo people.
A comment made on June 4, 2021 by Global Voices on Brand Mentions showed that within seven days, the hashtag #IAmIgboTo was mentioned 508 times, has been used 319,200 times, has reached 457,500 people, and has been circulated 313,100 times on Twitter and Instagram.
Screenshot from the hashtag #IAmIgboTooo
Human Rights Activist Aisha Jesusfu under the name of Igbo Somtochukwu, which means joining me in praising God while cursing how President Buhaari intimidated the Igbo people saying the attack
My name is Aisha Somtochukwu Jesusfu.
Any threat to the Igbo people is to intimidate me.
Attacking the Igbo people is attacking me.
I condemn the 1967 threats from President Buhari to the Igbo people
No Nigerian is more than any Nigerian
The musician and musician Jude Abaga (M.I Abaga) expressed his enthusiasm for the country to go on in front of the hateful pronunciation:
The definition that Nigeria takes the Igbo people off course and leaves the same unchanging outlook
#KomeshaSars Rinuola (Rinuî Oduala, using the Gbo Ochiaga name, meaning lecturer of the military forces, remembered with pride the Shagbo women's contribution to Nigeria's history, referring to the Aban Women's Revolution in November 1929:
I remember the Aba Women Revolution where at least 25,000 women protested against colonial violence.
I come from the same area with women with rape, born brave & tolerance over years of violence and injustice.
My name is Rinu Ochiagha Oduala #MimiNiIgbo
Blossom O Visitmba, an Igbo translator for Global Voices, noted that threats begin and humiliate a person's personality:
It becomes easier to alleviate the moral concerns of murder, discrimination or persecution just because of ethnic identity.
If they don't seem to be a human, it is easy to justify violent actions against them.
Personality, according to Ombemba, makes it easier to eradicate the moral and murderous acts, discrimination, or torture of people simply because of their ethnic groups.
Photo by makeitkenya, CC PDM 1.0
On March 27, a heated debate broke out on Kenyan social media over a statement made in the air by three radio broadcasters during the morning Breakfast Show.
The broadcasters were discussing the ongoing court case involving Eunice Wangari, a woman who was pushed outside the 12-storey building and a man with whom she had relations.
On Twitter, angry Kenyans angered advertisers Shaffie Weru, Joseph Munoru, and Neville Muysa for their comments on the case of sexual harassment, and summoned the victims.
Shaffie insists that the woman was pushed out of the 12th floor of the building in Nairobi after saying no to a man was because she left herself in such a state.
What hell!
The case divides netizens because there are some of them agreeing with the broadcasters.
Although the three were fired from the radio station, it made clear how the hostility of Kenyan currents has grown for women.
There are about 21.75 million online users in Kenya, or 40 percent of the country's population according to data research by DataReportal in 2021.
About 11 million people are social media users, 2.2% increase compared to the year 2020.
According to another report by the International telecommunications System (GSMA), the number of mobile phones is almost equal for women and men with a fifth difference for men who own or have access to communications systems compared to women, in three Kenyan Internet users one is a woman.
As a minority, women in Kenya have often developed the aim of cyberbullying.
And although the law against harassment was passed in the country that defines behavior as interaction with others in a way that could cause anxiety or fear of violence or damage or loss of property by the penalty of up to 10 years in prison, the harassment of many online people remains overwhelming
Below are we going to explain the two popular events that took place at least 12 roots ago that social media has served as a platform for violence against women in Kenya.
COVID-19
In March 2020, Brenda Iyv Cherotich grew the first patient of COVID -19 in Kenya.
After he recovered and told about his journey as the world began to understand the new virus.
But Cherotich was not received as warmly as he expected.
After interrogation in April 2020, he was confronted with online violence and harassment from Kenyan On Twitter (also known as #KOT a word often used to describe twitter users in Kenya who participate in debates other than the Internet) who sought to degrade and question the truth about his story.
Other online harassers intervened in his own lives, his personal conversations and photos were widely circulated online, perhaps after being harassed by a friend or a close person.
The hairstyle of his hair looks like Corona itself
After the outrage of this, Kenyan health minister Mutahi Kagwe championed Brenda, calling for the arrest of the perpetrators and described them as an embarrassing struggle for the government to fight COVID-19.
Health Minister Mutahi Kagwe tells the police to incriminate social media users for harassing Brenda
And that wasn't the end of it, another victim recently collapsed in #KOT attack: TV broadcaster Vyonne Okwara was targeted after defending Brenda and supporting the minister's convicting of harassers.
I do not fully agree with Yvonne Okwara.
Your report doesn't come.
It is glitter and stinking to the upper heavens.
Where was your voice when fellow women stripped naked (Lonyapuo) and shared her nude photos?
This is poison
Okwara criticized the harassers for targeting women.
He said Brian Orinda, the threeth victim of COVID-19, was present when he gave his recovery trip with Brenda, he did not have the same response.
This prompted the fingers of keyboard fighters to light up who had their day on Twitter attacking Okwara.
Sex card usage all the time.
Women are required to protect their dignity first.
Photographing like these and participating in them is also immorality.
The inferior and idiot from Okwara.
So insignificantly, you wonder if Corona ate the brain.
Male nakedness was recently online.
He has suddenly lost sight of it by choosing about it.
At the beginning of the year, Ikulu Kanza Dena's spokesperson also suffered from Kenyan web harassment.
When he grew up presenting a press conference on the haphazard, netizens harassed his body from his weight.
Quickly it became a debate on social media, and part of Kenyans and charity defending Dena.
He is quite fat, tall, short!
Who set the standard for women’s appearance?
Why is it our problem that @KanzaDena has gained weight?
Indeed, she is a new mother, but she is not in debt to anyone!
Give him rest!
This is a new underground for us to
The Elephant article, one of Kenya's main digital publication, found that the Kenyan online social networking industry and the world has become a toxic and harassing borders.
There is no controversy that social media has become an important tool for social and professional development, more for women.
Many women have built their businesses along the way and, in the process, have learned how to join
Many find customers to buy and sell their products in the current.
Some get platforms to open their minds, causing hundreds if not millions of social enterprises that are not just promoting economic growth but are directly enabling both men and young women economically.
They have also learned how to improve their knowledge of global entrepreneurship.
Of course, social media has emerged as a good chance to do business.
This is important for economic development and the publicity of women.
Source, The Elephant.
It seems that for women to engage in meaningful discussions on topics that directly affect their lives, the internet must be a safer place than now.
The rainbow flag.
Image by Marco Verch on Flickr, CC BY 2.0.
Caribbean countries, one after another, have been modifying their legislative books to show more equality to those who love the same gender by eliminating colonial ages that were hindering antisocial stereotypes
In 2016, it started in Belize.
Two years later, Trinidad and Tobago followed, although his action has not been translated into law change.
Three years after the court made it clear that the laws go against the constitution, Trinadad and Tobago is finally on the way to amend the constitutional rules of the Opportunity Act (EOA) related to homosexuality.
The law has a purpose to read whether, prevent certain forms of discrimination and promote the equality of opportunities between people with different circumstances.
For the purpose, the Opportunity Commission and the Opportunity Court were set up to address these issues but so far, they fail to address the issues of discrimination against homosexuality.
The existing laws deal with gender discrimination, race, ethnicity, nature, religion, marital status, or disability in employment, training, education and so on.
The pressure to reform the current Law increased after the Scotiabank Bank in Trinidad and Tobago announced on April 14 that it will expand healthcare for an employee couple in same gender relationships, in the same manner as other employees of the opposite sex.
The announcement sparked heated discussions in the country as well as congratulations from the US Business Roach and Ian Roach, chairman of the Episcopal Commission, quoted in a discussion with Trinidad and Tobago Newsday as saying:
It is a good step for private sectors and especially for banks, with multiple employees.
It is important and others complied with this, as well as what the law insists.
Government attorney Faris Al-Rawi said he has been encouraged by the Scotiabank Bank's action to protect the rights of the people and that the doors are open to do what is needed to eliminate the diversity of discrimination that exists in the country.
Al-Rawi's position seems to change according to his stance after the 2018 High Court Judgment; as soon as an unconstitutional decision was issued, the government declared his intention to appeal.
While Trinidad and Tobago have made great progress in eliminating various forms of discrimination, but when it comes to discrimination against homosexuals in the country, the fear of homosexuals using religious arguments has not changed much.
Looking at public reactions to the Scotiabank Bank's announcement on social media platforms like Facebook was a big one.
At the same time, homosexuals continue not only to deal with discrimination, but also brutal acts, many of which end up losing their lives.
In a recent incident, the death of Marcus Anthony Singh, a member of the gay party in the area where he lives, sparked a heavily controversial discussion about the complex environment in which gays are facing particularly their security and discrimination.
Many of these conversations have been held via Twitter Spaces, a speech platform that allows for debate and safe education.
While the Attorney General Al Rawi has not officially provided time for the law change, for gays and their allies, hope remains that the measures taken by private companies like the Scotiabank Bank will not be long before the government will take over, and eventually bring about a change in the face of society.
Duval, French engineer and founder of the Gaël Institute.
Photo used with permission.
For Internet companies and technology, Internet data collection has become their primary source of income.
However, this form of revenue puts users at risk as it shows itself in the frequent cases of branding business reports, widespread filtering of information and surveillance.
Is there a reasonable way to improve the privacy of netizens?
Companies like Google and Apple have been energizing daily to gather information from their clients, particularly via mobile phones, and a combination of a variety of frequent uses such as calendar and agenda.
Several users have been pursuing a real place where a person is, and on the other hand , health concerns and sports are focused on collecting information on customers' genealogies.
It is believed that these data are collected and analyzed with the aim of simplifying and giving the user what he needs immediately.
The fact is, however, that netizens and technological users do not know that they are making free information without any pay.
Online privacy activists like the Austrian Max Schrems, expressed his feelings about the internet and technological advances of income through the reports of their clients.
He highlights the danger of frequent harassment and violation of the law of privacy.
One of these incidents may have been well summed up in a Facebook event known as the Cambridge Analytica case where Cambridge Analytica's private administration collected 87 million Facebook users without their consent to help presidential candidates Tedruztica and Dondal Trump in 2016.
Schrems says he warned Facebook representatives about the events of the gathering of their clients by the Cambridge Analytica Foundation, and yet, he could not convince them to act:
Facebook representatives without disciplining the statement that from their point of view, the use of a certain owner's platform has allowed the people to put their tools [ on mobile phones and other resources for user data collection.
However, why ask yourself about the right to privacy online while you have nothing to hide?
Activist Edward Snowden had the answer to this question in Reddit's discussion in 2015:
Thinking that you don't care about the privacy rights online because you don't have anything to hide is like thinking you care about the right to express yourself because you don't have anything to say.
The real devastation of the use of information platforms
French user and data expert Gaël Duval has long engaged in computer modeling as well as the endearment system Linux (the Linux Centre of Linux) that everyone has the right to improve and be used.
Duval decided to create an endorsement that helps to protect the safety of mobile phone users' information: /e/OS.
Global Voices spoke to him to see how the information technology is affecting people's lives, the opportunities and their effects.
Here is his view of the development of this information technology:
This is a philosophical question.
Personally I have a mixed feeling about information technology as I always have a lot of romance about technology.
However, there are times when I feel bored, I remember those times when you need to call, you are going to a special place.
Of course it was a very good and fast life.
The kids may be surprised that until I turned five, there were no phones or TVs at home.
There are times when I think I lived the lives of a very different world, and which are not at all.
On the other hand, it's very fun when we try to imagine what we can do with the presence of modern technology, such as communicating with someone from the world's very different parts through high quality videos and seeing electric cars that do not use gasoline to fill our lungs with dangerous smoke.
For those who remember, unleashing the fun and abhorrence of the years of the analog system, we are currently facing a high risk of support in information technology.
A 2018 study involving children's behavioral problems and abnormal telecommunications practices found that the high use of cell phones leads to a number of problems including Quickness Disorder (ADD) and son to see.
A study published in 2020 by Common Sense Media found that 50 percent of the youth in Los Angeles said they could not stay without using their mobile phones .
The effects of the use of these technology were recently revealed by reliable sources in the Netflix article The Social Dilemma, which explains the testimony of former employees of major firms including Google, Twitter and Facebook who explain how they were creating an environment to influence the user to develop rumours.
Some governments have tried to tackle the problem by improving the law to build awareness of users and increase accountability to the companies involved.
In 2018, the European Union (EU) passed the Law on the Mother of Information Protection (GDPR).
This law has increased a number of requirements regarding information care in which the user's unquestioning compensation on his data and demands that companies be involved to eradicate the information after a three-year period without compulsion.
This law also provides a large ransom for those who will not respect these principles.
However, its implementation is confronted with a lack of services in government authorities, and this law applies only to members of the European Union.
Media Technology Subjects
As far as it is now, Duval was tempted to provide a tool that will enable people to take responsibility to protect their own information, as he explains:
Our fire is that your information is yours, since our information is our property, and to those who think it shouldn’t be that, they don't want freedom and peace, or they're owning a advertisement – as personal information can help sell ads at a much higher price.
This is how the endeuring system he created works:
/e/ is an endorsement system of smartphones that does not use any information [ to Google confesses like when you are surfing, where you are and that focuses on the privacy of the user.
This system does not in any way check the user's personal information.
It also provides basic online services such as email, conservation, calendar, to keep in touch everything related to the janja telecommunications system.
Duval says that, when it comes to personal information, Google and Apple have similar objectives that cover Google’s commercial system, which basically depends on 8 billion to 12 billion each year for putting Google's budget to iPas.
Duval added:
Using iPhone, the user sends an average of 6 MB to Google, a day.
It is twice the amount sent by Android users.
Besides, Apple's external system is closed, with a total lack of transparency underway.
It should only believe them.
We, for our part, are allowing for a change in private policies: all /e/OS systems and online conservation organizations (the material used in this system's creation) are free.
This system can be interrogated and investigated by experts.
In an environment of the massive increase in the use of mobile phones, it is clear that the laws are not enough in building awareness and giving users the right tools and knowledge to protect their information and here comes the importance of digital tools that help users get more accountable
Reports and awareness are essential to preventing UVIKO-19 infections.
Photo shows health workers in Kenya educating communities about UVIKO-19 infections.
Photo: Victoria Nthenge and Trocaire license CC BY 2.0
The introduction of the UVIKO-19 vaccine in Kenya has been met with accusations of corruption, discrimination and corruption that have left many poor and elderly people waiting in long lines outside public hospitals this time that the country faces a third outbreak of infection and deaths from the UVIKO-19.
Meanwhile, hundreds of Kenyans pay as much as $100 so they can be called early, as described in several Kenyan online accounts as well as in Kenyan media and international ones.
Early in March, Kenya bought more than 1 million diagnosis of the Oxford-AstraZeneca vaccine through a plan for the UVIKO-19 Global vaccine, organized by the COVAX Global Health Organization.
The looting of the vaccines started a free vaccine campaign in both public and private hospitals.
The release of the drugs was divided into three stages: health workers and immigration officials, more than 58-year-old citizens and adults with health challenges, and other citizens living in a dangerous environment like those living in an unofficial home.
The country depends on receiving 24 million doses through COVAX.
According to The Washington Post, Kenya aims to immunize 50 percent of its citizens by June 2022 in collaboration between the COVAX project and aid from other nations.
In a press release, Kenya's UNICEF Representative Maniza Zaman praised the arrival of the first vaccines in Kenya.
Following the arrival of these vaccines, UNICEF and its allies are applauding COVAX’s promise to ensure that people from less economically disadvantaged countries are not left behind in this international plan to save lives for vaccines, he said.
However, the third plan was confused after the exercise began because of the final minutes decision to speed up the plan's second term as a way to deal with the third wave of infections, resistant political interests, and the government fails to communicate and inform the people.
In an article questioning what is going on in the UVIKO-19 vaccine in Kenya, Patrick Gathara, a Kenyan writer and a distant political cartoonist said:
In a loud and selfish voice, politicians claimed that they should be given priority to build confidence in the public, although the Ministry of Health already reported a lack of strong opposition to the vaccine.
Since the government has ignored the requirement to explain its plan to the public, there was much controversy about where and when people are expected to stand in line.
Despite government prescriptions to citizens over the age of 58, Kenyan media reported that businesses and politicians who do not share this age group have been receiving services contrary to procedures, highlighting the wide range of poor discrimination made by the financed.
At the same time, deserving elderly Kenyans and poor Kenyans, who do not have access to help and without cash money, are always waiting in line from 11 hours in the morning, and end up being asked to go back someday because the medicine has ended, according to a report published by The Washington Post.
They have another door for their friends, Mary Njoroge, 58, one of the teachers, told The Washton Post.
Without someone to help you complete the process, what will you do?
A similar incident was reported in another government hospital by @_Sativa, a Twitter user based in Nairobi, who is also a Kenyan.
On the Twitter thread, she explained what her aunt met, a retired teacher over 60 years old.
While the elderly waited in line, the nurse called the names and the young men came forward and got a vaccine.
When her aunt asked what was going on, the nurse gave her the number [ mobile phone call that she could use money, she said on the Twitter thread.
Following reports of increasing mobilisation for the vaccine campaign, Kenyan Health Minister Mutahi Kagwe told the media:
I suppose we’ve come to the place where we have created a state of disbelief that anyone can go to a vaccine and get a service.
I want to put the matter up well, those providing a vaccine will account for each drug they used and that the medications used must be prescribed by someone who deserves the service.
Kenya’s National Association of Nurses President Alfred Obengo asked Kenyans who are not on the list of priorities not to stand in the vaccination line.
Describing how the Kenyan government could avoid the confusion in implementing the plan, Gathara concludes his post by saying:
We could have avoided this as the Kenyan government and its allies around the world, including the World Health Organization and the governments of the western countries, would work with Kenya as a benefactor of the program and not a brutal and exploitable colony.
It's very sad for Kenyans, their colonial country doesn’t know how to do anything else.
In December last year, the entire world focused on Argentina where abortion was legally granted in the country.
But to what extent are girls and women forced to become parents in other parts of the world?
Watch or listen to Global Voices Insights on April 7, where our South American editor Melissa Vida talks about the rights of procreation and the following experts and activists:
Deboa Religionz (Brazil): a cultural expert who conducts research projects on biological ethics, women’s rights, human rights and health.
She teaches Brasilia University, but also researches at Brown University, and is a fertility activist.
His documents on abortion, marital equality, separation of governments and religious issues and research on sickles have received various national and international awards and have been competed in various competitions.
Joy Asasira (Uganda): Birth Health Advocacy advocate in Africa, Human Rights, and the issues of the gender and global advocacy strategy, campaigns, movements and organizations.
Joy was awarded the Ugandan Legal Party award (ULS) of the Superior Woman of Human Rights for 2018/2019 and was recognized as the youngest female leader in Global Health at the Stanford University Summit in 2017.
Emilie Palamy Pradichit (Thailand): founder and director of the Manushya Agency, which she founded in 2017 (Manushya is the name of Sanskrit for a Man), with the aim of promoting the power of particular local communities, particularly women of human rights, so that they can fight for social justice and social equality.
Emilie is an international human rights lawyer who undermined the rights of separated communities.
R Umaima Ahmed (Pakistan): independent journalist.
He was originally the assistant editor of The News on Sunday and The Nation.
R Umaima has more than 10 years of online and magazine content.
She has focused on digital safety issues, women and animal rights.
He is also a Global Voices author.
Dominika Lasota (Poland): 19-year-old climate activist and Women's Strike.
A mobile money agent waiting for customers in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania.
Under 2020 content regulations, free speech is restricted by the government authorities to remove unconditional content.
Photo by Fiona Graham/WorldRemit on Flickr, CC BY SA 2.0.
This post is part of UPROAR, a state-run media project asking the government to deal with digital rights challenges in the Universal Periodic Review (UPR).
In early March, when Tanzanians began questioning the health and location of President John Magufuli, many citizens used social media to ask questions and even express their concerns.
In answering those questions, the government threatened to arrest anyone who used social media to spread fake information about the president.
Government authorities returned to Tanzania's 2015 Cybercrime Act and Electronic and Postal Communications Act (EPOCA) enacted in 2020 to describe the possibility of arresting and detaining all those who violated those laws.
This was a continuation of government measures, which several times, have used cyber laws and online content regulations to regulate and restrict digital rights and free speech in Tanzania.
On March 17, former Vice-President Samia Suluhu Hassan announced on a national television that John Magufuli was dead.
A few days later, Hassan was sworn in as the sixth president of Tanzania.
Until then, at least four people had been arrested in various parts of the country for spreading false rumors about health and locations in Magufuli.
Many now wonder whether Tanzania will review its regulations that regulate online content after the Magufuli administration, or whether these laws will continue to apply until 2025 the remaining Magufuli will be completed by President Samia Hassan.
In early March, Innocent Bashungwa, Minister of Information, Culture, Art and Sports of Tanzania, cautioned the media to avoid spreading rumors about Magufuli, who had not been publicly seen since February 27.
Aidha, Minister of Justice and Constitution, Mwigulu Nchemba, also threatened users with prison sentences through his Twitter account for spreading rumors, referring to Article 89 of Punish Principles and Article 16 of Cybercrime Act.
Police chief Ramadan Kingai expressed a desire to know the Twitter account bearing the name of Kigo, which has long distinguished itself from the badness of the government.
Human rights activists have denounced these measures by government officials and the fearfulness of these regulations and the threats associated with their implementation.
Online content Principles: The most restrictions of digital rights
For more than a decade ago, Tanzania has enjoyed a strong network and advancing communication and technology development.
Despite these developments, the government has been setting up an environment for controlling companies and negotiations platforms and for that reason independent media are failing to distinguish themselves in terms of the types published by the image of its representation.
The Internet has created a new platform online for young Tanzanian bloggers and social media activists to raise their voices, but the government does not seem to agree with this new reality.
In 2010, Tanzania published the Electronic and Postal Communications Act, which belonged to its kind in the country.
By 2018, specific regulations that regulate online content were provided through the Electronic and Postal Communications Act 2018.
The government claimed that these regulations were intended to monitor the use of social media, particularly, to tackle the problem of news that spreads hate and cyberspace online.
However, the regulations were not only applied to mainstream media but also to individual bloggers and content providers, who were surprised by a new legal requirement to pay $900 for a license.
This requisite also involved anyone who is preparing and broadcasting TV or online.
Large darkness spread on social media following this sudden demand for fees when many bloggers and content producers decided to stop their activities because of the high cost.
Opposition politicians and social media users criticized these regulations for freeing social media and civil society organizations.
In 2020, Tanzania revised online content regulations, under Article 103 of the Eletronian and Postal Communications Act, 2020, and began to serve in July 2020, and announced through the Declaration Na 538 in the State newspaper.
Some of the major differences between the 2018 and 2020 edition of the Elections of the OpoCA (EPOCA) are as follows:
First, the Tanzanian Communications Authority (TCRA) renovated topical groups and added small groups under online content: information & news, entertainment and education or religion, and continued to restrict personal content.
The 2020 Media Act, Part VI, Article 116:
Anyone who offers online services without getting a suitable license, commits the crime and penalty is the conviction of paying a fine of no less than 6 million Tanzanian Shillings ($2,587 USD) or imprisonment of less than 12 months or both.
Second, the TCRA added a list of unofficial and inclusive content, as well as other factors, promoting audio recordings, surveillance, censorship, censorship, censorship, recording and interacting without permission.
Third, the Principles of Online content (EPOCA 2020) have also reduced the time when a license can work against content principles by being suspended or deleted.
Under 2018 rules, the license had 12 hours to do so.
But in the 2020 regulations, beneath Part of the III, Article 11, the time to handle any content violations was reduced to 2 hours.
Failure to respect this time allows the authorities to intervene, either by blocking or deleting the account.
Global Voices spoke to some human law and rights professionals who criticized the reforms of the 2020 content regulations, stating that they undermine digital rights and civil society rights.
They argued that these regulations undermine digital rights and restrict bloggers and journalists from owning online content.
The biggest problem here is that no precautions have prevented the authorities from being abused, and in the meantime, the authorities are harming the freedom of expression in Tanzania, said one of the human rights experts who requested that he not be understood.
After Magufuli: Digital rights certificate in Tanzania
Under the rule of Magufuli, civil society, the media and digital rights have been rapidly deteriorating under the pressure, gradually, with free speech online.
After Magufuli's sudden death, many now wonder about the future of digital rights in the country after six years of leadership that continued to show signs of tyranny.
Global Voices spoke to some government officials for not being named about new regulations and human rights and free speech online.
Tanzanian biochemist Global Voices told Global Voices, under a Creative Commons license:
These regulations are unfair because anyone can be convicted, since not many citizens understand the translation of these regulations.
Another thought that the government is considering social media as a variation.
He cautioned citizens to take precautions when speaking on public platforms because the government has the power to obtain all their information through the owners of the platform.
The 2020 Internet content regulations make it almost impossible for a person to be unknown online, under the 9th Principle (e), netizens (internet café) to register themselves with identification cards, to identify the only online identification for all (PPP) and to record security sites in Tanzania.
These regulations contribute to criminal acts of defamation, prevention of the right to anonymity, harsh penalties for the violation of these regulations and the the overwhelming power of content to TCRA and other instruments under it.
The Principles of Online content (EPOCA) are contrary to accepted international standards of digital rights.
For the most part, these regulations restrict the freedom of speech and press freedom in Tanzania.
However, the Tanzanian government is responsible for respecting and upholding the rights of people to express themselves and assemble with journalists, members of civil society, and opposition politicians, according to Tanzania's constitution and international contracts and the regional community.
These rights are essential for the right to vote.
Tanzania is in the digital rights crisis.
Under the recently sworn President Hassan, the question of whether the Chama Cha Mapinduzi will continue to silence and restrict digital rights in the country?
Editor's suggestion: The author of this post asked for his name not to be known for security reasons.
Taking Tanzania ahead was not an easy task, when President John Magufuli came to power in 2015.
His slogan was just here at Work, seen in a green and yellow helmet, the colors of the ruling party in Tanzania, the Mapinduzi Party, led by Magufuli.
Photo by Pernille Baerendtsen, used with permission.
Thousands of people are gathering at the stadiums, airports and roadsides, in different parts of Tanzania, where President John Pombe Magufuli's remains were transported from Dar es Salaam to enable citizens to be respectfully killed for a week in Dodoma, to the government headquarters, the islands of Zanzibar, and MARK, and to his home corner, Victoria.
Magufuli was declared dead at the age of 61, on March 17, in a speech by former Vice-President Samia Suluhu Hassan, launched on the national television station, an announcement that ended several weeks of rumors about the state health status and location.
He allegedly died of heart disease:
Death Report by President Wa Republic United Wa Tanzania.
The sudden death of Magufuli, however, has left Tanzanians, and other people, curious about politics and governance in the East African country.
On Friday, Hassan was sworn as the sixth president of Tanzania, writing the history of being the first woman to become President of Tanzania, the second President born on Zanzibar islands in Tanzania, and the first Muslim woman to take the highest place in the country.
Under Tanzania’s constitution, Hassan will serve the rest of the five-year term of Magufuli's presidential and 2025-year-old
In this short, widely circulated video on social media, Hassan ignores any doubts about her ability to take the lead as a woman:
To all those skeptical that this woman will be president of the United Republic of Tanzania I would like to tell you that the one standing here is president.
[ Makofifi I would like to return that the one standing here is the president of the United Republic of Tanzania, with a female makeup.
While Tanzanians still mourn Magufuli and continue to reflect on these sudden changes, many seem optimistic about Hassan.
Opposition politician Zitto Kabwe, the leader of the ACT Wazalendo party, has the hope and history of Hassani in action and work as a member of civil society.
Brilliant history of President @SuluhuSamia in 20 minutes recounted by Himself.
He says he was activist.
He was a member of the Civil Revolution.
Thank you for making me see this.
It's not boring to listen.
While Hassan is mostly known as a communalist, calling for unity and tranquillity during this transition, Magufuli is known as a bulidoza, a nickname that he found as the Minister of Construction to recognize his effectiveness in ensuring roads is
Remembering Magufuli
Kanga remembers the festivities John Magufuli, the fifth president of Tanzania, who died on March 17, 2021.
Buriani our father a god eats pema / We will always remember our hero
Many Tanzanians and Africans generally remember Magufuli on social media for bad and good.
The badness and good of Magufuli cannot deny the same seriousness, which means that the memory he leaves behind is controversial but profound.
The camps for supporters of Magufuli and against Magufuli will not stop and the debate will continue for years.
Magufuli gained popularity in the early days of his presidency for his promises to fight corruption violently.
His efforts to create massive projects aimed at strengthening infrastructure and industrial development raised the hopes of many Tanzanians for independence after decades of relying on international aid.
Last April, Magufuli refused a $10 billion (U.S .) loan from China for a major port project interested in implementing Bagamoyo near Dar es Salaam, saying, only a drunkard can agree with these conditions.
This post is marked by President Magufuli on his way to last year's elections.
It reads: You promised You Acted Thankfully.
It is adorned with photos of Magufuli's success on road construction, airplanes, bridge construction and modern railways.
Photo by Pernille Baerendtsen, used with permission.
His stand against corruption also attracted the West, and the media at first wrote his position on a positive note.
For some, Magufuli is remembered as a truly African son and an African advocate who put African interests first.
Others remember him as a popular president putting nationalism ahead of anything else:
I've been following Tanzania's mourning to John Magufuli.
We opposed his dictatorships and criticized him for his ignorance of science, but it is clear, by looking at people standing on the streets, he was a celebrity.
However, Magufuli's administration was tyrannical and had a profound impact on human rights and free speech.
For over six years, Human Rights Watch, Amnesty International, Committee to Protect Journalists (CPJ), Global Voices and others have been following the deterioration of civil rights and human rights protection.
Tanzania came down six categories on the Freedom of Expression measured democracy and freedom between 2020 and 2021.
While the Parliament was discussing the Politics Act in January 2019, a law that was criticized for tightening the political parties, it was interpreted as a bad sign when a owl appeared in a parliament building.
The dynamics governed several laws such as the Electronic and Postal Communications Act (EPOCA), or the Cybercrime Act to tighten the voice and free expression.
The change in 2020 regulations aimed at preventing citizens from spreading news that could lead to dissolution or sedition and content of news covering epidemics or serious diseases without the support of the government through its senior officials.
Citizens could not talk about the quake that hit coastal areas last month, besides the news of the explosion that occurred some months later.
And during the two weeks of rumors about Magufuli and his health in early March, at least four people were allegedly arrested for tweeting about the president's disease.
Or did he die of Corona?
Magufuli reportedly died of a heart disease which says she has been receiving treatment for 10 years.
But Magufuli's sudden death left many questioning whether he may have been infected with the Corona virus (UVIKO-19).
For many in Western countries Magufuli will be remembered for denying the existence of Corona’s syndrome.
While the disease enters Tanzania, the government took precautions and provided guidelines on how the fence fight against the spread of the disease, but in time, Magufuli has treated the people's repression to continue their activities as a higher economic threat than the virus.
He often opposed international health guidelines such as wearing a continent, avoiding traffic and vaccines urging citizens to rely on prayers and alternative treatments.
After Magufuli prevented the announcement of the statistics of Corona last April, he insisted that Korona had failed with the power of prayer.
A little later, he announced that Tanzania has no Corona syndrome.
Although it is impossible to say how much Korona affected Tanzania, what we know is that Corona did not leave.
When Korona's new explosion occurred in January, many Tanzanians talked about their testimonies on social media telling about the symptoms of Corona.
Realizing that they could be arrested for debating Corona, the debate went on the name of new pneumonia and respiratory challenges.
But Magufuli took his stand against the tattoo in a speech he gave to his home in Chato, on January 27:
If a white man could come with a vaccine, then he would discover the AIDS vaccine; he would soon discover the cause of TB; and now he would know malaria vaccine; he would have a cancer vaccine.
This statement might be considered as a reinstate of Magufuli's predecessor, President Jakaya Kikwete, who has served as an ambassador to the world in early 2016.
Last month, Magufuli finally admitted that his country has a corona problem, urging Tanzanians to wear the continent they created themselves.
Populars say this Magufuli's reversal about the corona was due to the death of Zanzibar Seif Sharif Hamad Vice-President.
Several high officials from a class of prominent politicians near Magufuli have died of the disease.
While crowds of people continue gathering to pay their last respects to the presidential terminal, his death has , on the other hand, brought some relief.
Shortly after Magufuli's death, author Elsie Eyakuze appeared on social networks to talk openly about life in the period of Corona blast in Tanzania, where the president deliberately ignored the Korona virus.
On a long thread on Twitter, he said:
Now.
For the real story I have been at a loss to tell for long.
#uzi.
In March 2020, the Korona blast began to rage around the world.
Tanzania was not left.
But in April 2020 we resigned from all efforts to control the spread of the disease in the country.
In his last tweets, he said:
Did he die of Corona?
Yes, of course.
This and that.
And they.
Tanzanians.
And elsewhere.
But aren't the ones you want to talk about?
They are not the Story itself.
It's part of the story.
A friend is looking for you.
Can you?
Why can we make this one of us?
Please do that.
I will do that.
Tomorrow.
In an open letter to Magufuli, Eyakuze explains the change in Magufuli's positions, but he uses a technique to understand another's feelings, a strategy that seems to defeat Magufuli himself again and forgive him.
Tanzanians agree with the controversy and seriousness of Magufuli's death and his memory behind him while their eyes are closed forward.
Who has the power to decide what is visible and what is invisible on the internet?
This is the crucial question posed by activist and author Jillian C. York in his next book Silicon Values,* which is expected to be launched on March 23, 2021.
On Wednesday, February 10 at 2:00mchana GMT, Jillian will join Global Voices' executive director Ivan Sigal for a video clip on his book, which, as he explains in the foreword, we are seeking to delve into the history of how Silicon Valley's massive telecommunication platform platform platform has created a specialized system.
Jillian, the director of International Freedom of Expression at Electronic Frontier Foundation, is a prominent member of Global Voices, where he struggles to write about digital freedom and freedom of expression in the context of the Middle East.
The show is free and public and will jump directly on Facebook Live, YouTube, and Twitch.
We are eager to see you join us in Jumatani, February 10 at 2:00mchana GMT (see here to look at the time you are going through)!
*They buying this book through this link will help contribute to Global Voices.
A youth watching his mobile phone in Tanzania, December 9, 2018.
Photo by Riaz Jahanpour, by USAID / Digital Development Communication on Flickr, CC BY 2.0.
The first virus in Korona was reported in Tanzania in mid- March, 2020.
However, after statistics continued to rise to 509 patients and 21 deaths in late April, the Tanzanian government announced that not a single UVIKO-19 patient in June.
In the same month, Kassim Majaliwa, the country's prime minister, told the parliament that there were only 66 patients across the country, but he did not comment further.
Since then, the government has been silent on Corona virus as heavily political statements deny the existence of the virus remain without any statistics or deaths.
Today, many activities are going on as usual, including the Tanzanian tourism sector, which attracts thousands of visitors to the country through an arbitrary airport.
The Zanzibar airport got the lowest mark of two stars on the health and safety assessment of the Skytrax Confirmers at the Airports Flight Against UVIKO-19, the only measure for confidence to confirm the measures taken by airport authorities to strengthen safety during the outbreak.
According to the Skytrax report, two newly infected South African virus reportedly traveled to Denmaki on 19 Janurari, from Tanzania.
An eagerly awaited concert that takes place once a year, the Voice of Busara, will be held in mid- February on the islands of Zanzibar, by the European Union in Tanzania and some European ambassadors in Tanzania, this time when the country faces a serious risk of the new type of virus circulating in Koona in Britain and South Africa, Brazil.
On January 24, the Catholic State of Arusha issued warnings to its adherents against the presence of UVIKO-19 in Tanzania, and urged its adherents to follow all important health precautions to protect themselves and the spread of the virus to churches.
Although the memories indicate that Tanzania has fewer patients compared to other countries, the government’s silence over UVIKO-19 statistics has brought concern among health professionals and human rights activists, who have been prevented from speaking and talking about UVIKO-19 on the internet.
The country revised a 2018 version of the Electronic and Postal Communications Act (Dictionary in July, blocking content related to the explosion of a deadly or deadly disease in the country or anywhere without the permission of the authorities.
Although initial antiretroviral measures were taken, now schools, colleges, offices, and other social activities have returned to normal.
However, the virus continues to spread abroad.
President John Magufuli expressed concerns about the quality of laboratory equipment and the integrity of his agencies after a secret trial was allegedly made with papaya and goats to reply that they were infected with the virus.
The president said the statistics were justifiable and shortly thereafter, he expelled Nyambura Moremi, the director of the national health laboratory, for allegedly fermenting the results.
The UVIKO-19 Cabinet organized by the Minister ended up dissolved.
In June, Magufuli thanked God for removing the virus from Tanzania, following three days of national prayer.
He made the announcement publicly in Sunday worship, in the midst of the faithful who were praising him, claiming that God had answered their prayers.
Magufuli praised the parishioners for not wearing the shovels, as well as a call from the World Health Organization to ask people to wear them to stop the spread of the virus.
Magufuli, nicknamed bulldozer for his strong stand against corruption, was chosen for the second time in October 2020 in a highly criticized election for opponents.
Before the election, Tanzanians were shocked by the shutdown of networks where all major social media platforms including Instagram, WhatsApp and Twitter were blocked.
To this day, many Tanzanians can't get to Twitter without using the VPN technology.
For more than five years, the Magufuli administration has severely restricted freedom of democracy and civic activities along with the freedom of expression and the right to report on digital platforms.
Following the government's strict denial of UVIKO-19, Tanzanians are not allowed to provide any statistics of the UVIKO-19 which the government has not verified, which means that ordinary citizens including journalists and health professionals are prohibited from commenting on UVIKO-19 in the digital platform or reporting.
The right to report UVIKO-19 has become a social class distinction, according to a national hospital doctor who spoke to Global Voices on terms of anonymity, fearing expulsion.
Unlike other countries with special teams working for UVIKO-19 reports, Tanzania has a web site with little time updates about UVIKO-19.
Pronunciation of UVIKO-19 seems to be accepted by many Tanzanians, including health professionals, who ignore important lectures like wearing a continent and avoiding traffic jams.
Global Voices visited a number of hospitals including Muhimbili, a government appeal hospital in Dar es Salaam, the country's cultural capital, and Benjamin Mkapa Hospital in Dodoma, the political capital, and witnessed a few warnings being taken against the spread of the corona virus.
People are allowed to enter the hospitals without wearing the provinces, there are few cleaner appliances and washing hands and those present without water or disintegrating, for example, on the washing of pregnant women Muhimbili.
While the Magufuli administration has not shown the impact of the virus on public life, many ministers of its government and its departments agree that UVIKO-19 exists.
Tanzania's Finance Minister calls on his Ministry to take all precautions to protect himself from the korona virus, while saying Tanzania is not affected by the UVIKO-19.
Photo from the Mwananchi newspaper.
For example, when Magufuli was sworn a second time last year, government authorities took a lot of precautions against the UVIKO-19, forcing all in attendance to monitor body temperature and wash their hands on specially watered and empty spaces.
On January 25, Tanzanian Finance Minister Dr. Philip Arrao called on his ministry's attendants to take precautions against UVIKO-19 and at the same time denying the presence of the disease in Tanzania, during his conference in Dodoma, is a political center.
Many local experts are afraid to speak, in fear of being taken action.
Global Voices spoke to a health professional who believed that Tanzania might be facing a second wave of explosion but thinking citizens were hidden from the news.
The specialist did not want to be mentioned by name, fearing an action.
Another health professional told Global Voices on the condition of anonymity that people should be aware of the behavior of UVIKO-19 in order to take precautions to protect themselves and prevent the spread of the virus to their communities.
He said that leaving people in the dark makes their work difficult but believed that the Tanzanians would try to protect themselves by taking all the precautions as advised by the World Health Organization (WHO).
He told Global Voices:
Politicians captured this whole issue of UVIKO-19 and playing a deadly game, but when people start dying they will start evicting health workers.
Another doctor who spoke to Global Voices on his name said that while there is hopes for protection, the government's utterance of the state of Tanzania to refute the existence of the disease will result in its access, because the government has not taken any initiative to search for it in the world's markets, and instead run to herbal remedies.
In December 2020, spokesperson for Health Minister Gerald Chamii expressed his concern about the vaccines in the world, saying to East African magazine:
It does not take even six months to get a vaccine or a cure for a certain illness.
We have failed ourselves since the blast began, I am not sure whether it is prudent to implement the protection and distribute it to the public without performing medical tests to prove its safety to our people.
Getting information is an important issue for democracy and development.
Tanzanian internet regulations have been exploited aiming to silence voices and those speaking out against how Tanzania deals with the issue of UVIKO-19.
Freedom of speech, including the right to obtain, receive, and share information, is protected by international laws.
In Tanzania, the right to report, and spread information, is recognized by Ibbara 18 (1) and 18 (2) by the Constitution of the Republic of Tanzania.
However, these rights seem to be more theories than reality.
In a state in which the government denies the existence of UVIKO-19 and the existence of laws that prevent people from sharing information and commenting on the disease, the Internet and the streets, Tanzanians are left without basic information and many are afraid to speak.
This post is part of a series of articles analyzing the infringement of digital rights during suspension measures in controlling the spread ofVIKO-19 in nine African countries: Uganda, Zimbabwe, Mozambique, Algeria, Nigeria, Namibia, Tunisia, Tanzania and Ethiopia.
The project is funded by Africa's Digital Rights Foundation is run by the International ICT Policy Cooperation for East Africa and the Rising of the African Land (CIPESA).
Photo showing the graduation of police studies in Mozambique | Screenshot of August 19, STV Youtube, was taken by the owner
Reclaims of the Mozambican police station leaked in the press in early August showed that 15 students became pregnant in a police school in Matalane, a district of Maputo.
The documents say that these pregnancies are the result of a sexual relationship between students and trainers without describing whether they were voluntary.
However it has been explained that pregnant students will not be able to complete the training now, and will travel back to their homes with transportation by the police.
Finally the report said that the instructors involved will be suspended.
When asked by O País on August 8, General Police Commander Bernardino Rafael said that all participants will meet with disciplinary procedures.
It didn't take long before this case was condemned on social media.
Several netizens made it clear that they were not pleased with the school's decisions and therefore wanted justice to be done for the women.
Tiger Fátima Mimbire wrote on Facebook:
Matalane should be taken seriously.
I am very disappointed with this issue of the pregnancy of 15 students at the Matalane training center.
This is a big deal.
It is important because as the documents show the characters they are instructors.
Now a man in authority over another conceives him and the result is a little process?
This reminds me of a teacher who demanded sex bribes for her students to give them a grade or not to harass them in class because her view of the students is stupid, and instead of being charged that the teacher was transferred to teach elsewhere.
And there he continues his exploitation.
Txeka, a female rights activist, also condemned this on Twitter:
Matalane's Counsel
Creating a socially equalized society in protecting equal rights for citizens requires equal education and development policies that care about public development and scientific knowledge and ethics and patriotism.
Matalane's Counsel
Blaming violence against women is common to male-population communities, known for harassing women and complying with men's demands, bringing the convictions of victims and reducing the guilt of the oppressors.
University professor Carlos Serra said:
Matalane?
It is a tiny piece of ice that looks and Matalane is ours.
I think of the day when they begin to express their wishes, starting from their childhood.
Journalist and activist Selma Inocência also said:
Very few teachers have been taken to court, charged and convicted.
They are responsible for the loss of their childhood thousands of girls.
School is not a safe place.
Statistics show that hundreds of girls get pregnant in school with other characters being instructors, teachers and school principals.
A petition has been passed calling for punishment for the police officers involved.
So far more than 3,8000 people have signed.
For the government this issue is fundamental and is undergoing a thorough investigation in the ministry's ranks by the Mozambican police chief.
The Jamuri cannot and will not tolerate such issues.
The law must take its course and it is for everyone.
Nobody is above the law.
The investigation continues by comprehensively investigating all the facts in this case and considering the psychological and emotional state of these pregnant women because they deserve to be respected.
Another Case
This is a continuation of violent cases with Mozambican women who are not reported in the media.
One of the lawsuits that recently held the headlines is that of Alberto Niquice, the Liberation Front of Mozambique (Frelimo), who is facing criminal counsel for rape of a 13-year-old child in 2018.
Earlier this year, 30 civil institutions in Mozambique asked Niquice not to be released after his reelection in 2019.
However, the vice president took the office and works as usual in parliament.
Another press case is about the atrocities committed against Josina Machel, the daughter of the first Mozambican President, Samora Machel.
In October 2015, Josina was beaten by her three-year-old boyfriend Rofini Licuco with one eye blindness.
Licuco was sentenced to 3 years in prison and 4 months and paid 300 million meika (US $4.2 million) compensation to Josina.
However Rofino appealed and June this year the Supreme Court of Appeal canceled the case beyond allegations that there was not enough evidence in this case.
Tuesday This Giving, contribute Global Voices: https://globalvoices.org/donate/
The year 2020 has been unique and it is not yet complete.
In the middle of all, we Global Voices have continued to publish stories from all four corners of the world, bringing our readers a unique global perspective on issues such as the UVIKO-19, racial, demonstrations in countries like Belarus and Thailand, and more, more and more.
Bloggers, journalists and digital rights activists from Global Voices have been working for more than 16 years to build bridges between countries and languages and to promote press freedom, Internet transparency, and the right of everyone, anywhere and freedom of expression.
Please Check Global Voices This Tuesday
Our work and the community of our international authors is evidence that human relations regardless of the diversity of differences can change how people understand the world.
Please help us today to keep this important work going.
‛ Changia Global Voices >
December 2004.
You had to be a university student on Facebook, Twitter had not yet been used, the aggressors were still living in the censorship bridges.
Our phones were still unreasonable, leaks then meant water and you would call a merchandist to repair, and yet the Amazon.com could not sell some of the goods.
There were many news websites, blogs were there and did well, and we started talking online.
That is when Global Voices was born.
We are 15 years old!
At the age of dogs, it is 110 years old.
Internet years, that's almost 1000 years.
Today we wish to use this opportunity to thank our journalists and our faithful readers and allies for giving Global Voices the strength and ability to keep moving forward.
Since 2004, we have helped write a lot of news around the world.
We have published nearly 100,000 articles, and created special posts aimed at enabling local communities to use digital networks and fight for online rights, including building a community of translators who translate more than 51 languages.
Without you, there would not be Global Voices.
Help us complete another 15 years.
We mean we need your help.
Contributions from individuals help to protect our freedom and enable us to make difficult decisions to grow and change.
Please support us today!
Donate now!
Travelers crossing the border between Ghana and Togo, West Africa, on January 25, 2016.
Image by Enock4seth via Wikimedia Commons, CC BY-SA 4.0.
African leaders have taken a hasty decision to deal with the UVIKO-19.
The African Center for Disease Control (ACDC) founded the UVIKO-19 on February 5, before the continent has seen a single patient.
Today, Africa is currently the least affected region in the world with 1,293,048 confirmed UVIKO-19 patients with 1,031,905 reported healing, according to Africa CDCP.
The continent has less than 5 percent of the patients reported around the world and less than 1 percent of all deaths worldwide.
Now, as African countries led by the African Union are reducing the COVID-19 sanctions and preparing to reopen their economy and borders, many governments are using innovative technology.
The willpower, for African technology to monitor the spread and convene the COVID-19 surveying centers across the continent has led to the use of PanaBIOS, a technology for the African Union’s support of biological observations.
The PanaBIOS has released a program that sets down piles and Internets and uses algonamis to follow people who are at risk and keeping samples records from natural to laboratory.
This technology is created by Koldchain, Kenya's spraying institute, and funded by AfroChampions, public and private collaboration designed to bring together the resources of Africa and the institution to help the boots and achievements of a private sector in Africa.
Ghana is the only country for this hour using PanaBIOS technology while opening its borders.
PanaBIOS to ensure that travelers can use the results of measures from other countries to satisfy the demands of port permits for the country they travel through PanaBios’ app apps or in addition to the means of transportation.
Health officials in the port are using a trading edition to keep health documents in the same way for all countries.
Complete laws to protect data and privacy
The African Union and the Africa CDCP are urging member nations to join a TV platform, the PanaBIOS that will enable the results across the continent to be joined together.
But the prospect of intervention in health has raised many questions about data’s creativity and privacy.
Government-manded surveillance and discrimination can inspire fear and intimidate citizenship, especially in the continent where only 27 out of 54 countries have a perfect protective law and data intelligence.
Other African countries, as Ghana has altered the law to give the president emergency authority to deal with the disaster by ordering a telecommunications company to give personal accounts of customers such as the customer's sanctuary, the client's memory, a mobile data and unused, the minimum of traders, and an address.
To ensure the protection and privacy of data, all the mechanical techniques used by PanaBIOS are on a general data.
The data collected is edited for data analysis not a personal target data unless it grows for arriving, where it is likely to be accessible or suspected.
To ensure the prevention of integration, the African Union, the PanBIOS, and its allies should suggest how they should take into account the data regulations of different countries to protect privacy, ensure data rationing and avoid participating in data.
Currently, this pragram-use does not have a private policy available to the public, which explains to users the principles of collecting and sharing data.
The challenge is how private policies will achieve a variety of purposes, policies, nationals, and data bands such as the African Union Convention on Internet Safety and Security of Personal Statistics, Advance and Development Act (SADC) law on data protection, Interior / West Africa.
Technological solutions have contributed to the success of COVID-19 Africa
Aside from PanaBIOS, some Akan nations have complemented the technological response to the spread of COVID-19.
For example, scientists from Seka Security still developed a device to measure COVID-19 costing $1 and 3D assassination.
Wellvis, an organisation of Nigeria, created a COVID-19, an independent online tool to help users measure the risk of contracting corona virus according to the sign and history of being in danger.
The South African government used a text message Whatsapp to provide an interactive discussion to answer common questions about false stories, the symptoms and treatments of COVID-19.
And Uganda, the market women used the Garden Soko Garden to sell their products at home to use the program, and the motorcycle taxi picked up the buyer.
Africa has successfully controlled and monitored the spread of COVID-19 has been linked to a young public, the capacity to measure and monitor the dead, and the possibility of the presence of SARS-CoV-2 of other Africans .
But it’s clear that technology-profit inventions have contributed greatly to the success of COVID-19, despite the leadership of the disaster at the beginning.
Solomon Zewdu, the deputy doctor and the Bill and Melinda agency summarized how, in January, when many western nations were hesitant, Ethiopia started filtering the AddisAba scorpture.
Rwanda became the first African country to stop the normal riots on March 21, and a number of African countries have recently followed hivo: South Africa implemented a compulsory link as it grew with 400 cases and two deaths.
(In that number, Italy grew up with more than 9,000 cases and 400 deaths when it took action.)
Conversely, the beauty of those affected and died in America is six times the number of Africa.
Public - health professionals calculated that the disaster would adversely affect the African continent and the bodies of its deceased in the streets .
Bayana, Africa has proved otherwise.
This story is based on Factcheck Lab's research, a verification agency in Hong Kong, which is also a Global Voices contributor.
From September 22, the news and social media reports that circulate on Chinese have not been referred to as the World Health Organization's chief scientist Dr. Soumya Swaminathan, said the vaccine against COVID-19 has been confirmed as having an impact.
The reports and publications quote the source of a minute video produced by Chinese TV for a video clip in China Miaopai.
The video shows a speech by SAD executive director Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus highlighting the importance of developing the vaccine of UVIKO-19, followed by Dr.Swaminathan's comments.
In the CCTV video, which a brief commentary says WHO's chief scientist: China vaccines of UVIKO-19 confirm that they have an impact (), this is a statement by Swaminathan:
As you know, they have a perfect program to develop a vaccine and some of the vaccines are a step forward in clinical tests, this is also a interest to us, we follow it closely.
Some of the participants have confirmed benefiting from the ongoing clinic tests.
But Dr.Swaminathan’s original speech is edited.
His last sentence, in fact, began with a word if, and a background musician made it come out as if he said it proved rather than confirm.
Dr.Swaminathan's statement is the following:
We have been involved in the debate and Chinese debate over the past months because, as you know, those who also have a full program of developing vaccines and many of their vaccines are in front of clinical tests, this is a solution for us, so we follow closely.
We have had a constructive and open discussion and have always insisted on their global sacrifice if some of their vaccines have passed the ongoing clinic tests.
So I think about the dialogue going on, it is still clear and we are sending to many countries to know.
These comments were made at a press conference not a SAD event on September 21.
A full copy of the event of an hour and a half can be found here.
The conference intended to submit a concession about a $18 billion plan of WHO agents and other organisations to send a vaccine to the UVIKO-19 previously worldwide.
So far, 156 nations have registered themselves in this scheme; neither China nor the Americas are among them.
As estimated, the CCTVT video, with news reports and produced publications, has attracted patriotic consents.
The publication in Weibo and the Daily Economic News has been popular with over 337,000 people.
Below are some popular opinions:
I am very proud of my country.
This is the gift of the National Day and the Mid-day Festival.
You can't imagine China.
Deniate my country.
China has saved the world.
After investigators actually point out the words of Dr. have been misled, the press duty, including CGTN and CCTV, deleted their social media publications.
Among them is the Communist Association of China Youths, whose publication was unearthed by Twitter user @Emi20JP before disappearing from Weibo:
Tedros is fit for first vaccination.
As @Emi20JP, many of the Twitter users believed WHO was assisting China with distorting the video, and posted a negative comment on Tedros:
Tedros is a toilet sill!
I will pay to give Tedros an extra shot!
Yesterday my mother told me, this country's news said America would buy a lot of vaccines from China.
I don't have to explain. Let them live in their fantasy .
A very good job, from covering the spread of the virus to advertisements for the sale of vaccines!
Although Chinese literature has been cancelled, copyist copies are still circulating on social media, such as public post WeChat.
Beijing-based media in Hong Kong, like Speak Out HK (and Today Review), has also published a story from the hio video.
There are almost 200 UVIKO-19 vaccines in the long distances of clinical experiments in the world, and many of them have been organised by Chinese libraries.
Nothing has passed 3 phases of attempts now.
Protests against the death of medical doctor Silvio Dala in Luanda.
Photo by Simão Hossi, CC-BY 3.0
Hundreds of Angolans took to the streets to protest on September 12 in Luanda, Benguela, and 15 other cities against police brutality.
The protest began after shocking news broke out about the death of 35-year-old medical doctor Silvio Dala, who lost his life on September 1 under police supervision.
According to authorities reports, Dala left with his car from the David Bernardino Children's Hospital in Luanda, where he worked as a clinical director and was stopped by police because he didn't wear a land.
The doctor was taken to the Catotes Police station in the nearby town of Rocha Pinto, and when she showed signs of being detained and fainted, she fell and hit her head and caused a small wound in her head to say the police official report.
It also said that Dala died when police officers took him to the hospital.
The Doctors Party protested the report.
The president of the party Adriano Manuel told the American Voices (VOA) that there is a controversy in the administration where it shows that the doctor was censored.
Manuel told the German Voice (DW) that the source of death described by the police is not real.
Anyone who is a doctor and has studied medicine will know that this is not what killed Silvio.
According to DW, the source of information from the interior says the investigation took place in front of the family and the prosecutor and proved that the doctor was not a beating victim.
The party said it would take legal action for the police.
Meanwhile the Angolan government has formed a commission that will collaborate with the Ministry of Health to investigate the event.
The organisers don't believe the police report about Dala’s death.
Posters used by protesters in various areas of Luanda said: Exclusion No More Killing, You paid to protect us, you are not paid to kill us, I am Silvio Dala, Have killed Silvio Silvio Dala.
There were also those who called on the Minister of Interior Eugénio Laborinho to resign.
Protests were organised by the Association of Doctors in collaboration with civil
Protests against the death of medical doctor Silvio Dala in Luanda.
Photo by Simão Hossi, CC-BY 3.0
Protests against the death of physician Silvio Dala hiko Luanda.
Photo by Simão Hossi, CC-BY 3.0
Since the start of the corona crisis in Angola, several cases of police violence have been reported during surveillance and sometimes lead to civilian deaths.
Speaking to Lusa, a blasphemer in Brigadeiro 10 Pacotes, whose real name is Bruno Santos, asked Lugarinho to resign and demanded that the police school improve his training structure.
The police force is an institution that should give the public confidence, but today the people are lacking confidence, that is, fearing when they meet the police, he said.
Protests against the death of medical doctor Silvio Dala in Luanda.
Photo by Simão Hossi, CC-BY 3.0
Many moved the protests on Facebook and WhatsApp to protest.
Activist and scholar Nuno Álvaro Dala wrote on Facebook:
SILVIO DAC'S REPUBLICS
Photos are very powerful and simultaneous.
All of us must demand justice.
The local police must pay for their crimes.
Things cannot continue to be this.
On Twitter, Isabel dos Santos, former chairman of the gas executives board of Sonangol, daughter of former president José Eduardo dos Santos, said:
#EuSouSilvioDala sábado anunciada manifestação pacífica e silenciosa pelo Sindicato Nacion dos Médicos de Angola (SINMEA),conMEAndo to profiscionais deúde,outroscato silica de Angola
Isabel Dos Santos (@isabelaangola) September 11, 2020
#MimiNiSilvioDala.
On Saturday the Angolan Association of Doctors (SINMEA) announced a silent and peaceful strike calling on health workers, other parties and civil society organizations to protest police brutality as a sign of remembering Silvio Dala, at 6:30pm in Largo da Mutamba
The headline: Angolans march in the streets against police brutality and demand that the killing be stopped.
Meanwhile, in Tweeter Alejandro also questioned the participation of social media activists in Angola in this case:
Quando o George Floyd foi morto os chamados Influence Angolanos mostraram o seu apoio a movimento Black Lives, Matter a com morte do medico angolano Sílavio Da os irmão ephs inence fadãom mor
Ale Alejandro (@AlejandroCutieG) September 7, 2020
When George Floyd was killed as netizens, they showed support for the black Life process on Value, but in the death of Angolan doctor Silvio Dala, they do nothing about the tragedy!
Hachalu Hundessa under an interview with OMN via Firaabeek Entertainment / CC BY 3.0.
Editor's excerpt: This is a two-part analysis of Hachalu Hundessa, the famous musician of Oromo whose murder aroused the violence of religious and ethnic beliefs because of misinformation presented on social media.
Read the second section here
Chief Ethopian musician Hachalu Hundessa gained popularity with his creativity and talent to identify the public about the Oromo people.
He was killed in the outskirts of the capital city of Ethiopia, Addis Ababa, on June 29 this year.
That night within three and a half hours, when Hachalu got off his car, a man named Tilahun Yami walked to his car and shot him in his chest.
He was rushed to a nearby hospital where it was officially confirmed that he had died.
It was later discovered that bullets seriously damaged their internal organs.
Addis Ababa’s police chief reported that two suspects were arrested.
After a few days government authorities sentenced the killers and their two partners.
In his assassination, the country has entered a difficult time to appease the violence that followed.
The fact is that the genocide of the Hachalu has not been clearly exposed as well as its consequences, rumors began to spread after politicians and activists put a lot of emphasis on the conflict between the leaders of Oromo and Amahara, who are the largest ethnic groups in Ethiopia.
On the day of his funeral, mourners flooded the streets of Addis Ababa and other cities around Oromo province.
The next morning Oromia Media Network (OMN), where Hachalu made his final interviews, they broadcast broadcast messages via television and networks and showed when his coffin was transported from Addis Aba to their home in Ambo.
The slow-step ads turned into a battlefield between the government authorities and the opposition leaders, with the local controversy to be buried in Hachalu and OMN had to announce its ads; they were allegedly forced to return to Addis Ababa.
Ten people were killed and several others injured in Addis Ababa.
The clashes led to the arrest of some opposition leaders including OMN leader Jawar Mohammed and opposition leader Bekele Gerba where they were charged with inciting violence.
The controversy arose further after the government authorities took the Hachalu's body back and took it to their hometown in Ambo by helicopter, where the two sides also continued to quarrel and deprive the decent family of the opportunity to give their brother a proper burial.
After that violence and clashes followed.
The clashes took three days to tear down some areas of Oromo and Addis Ababa and the real damage were: 239 deaths and hundreds injured, more than 7,000 people have been arrested for causing violence and the destruction of millions of birr, Kietpia's money.
On June 30, the government tried to shut down the internet to prevent the spread of mobilisation taking place on social media and lasting three weeks.
Several people were shot by security authorities but some sources from the American Voices and Addis Standard reported that angry groups from the Oromo tribe attacked people of various groups including cities and streets inhabited by people of different faiths, located in the South East of Oromo, targeting the families of the non-Mus and non-Muslimers in that region.
More violence was in the mixed region of the Amahara-Oromo and religion may have played a key role because of the awareness that the Oriental Oromo community is identified by the Islamic mixture and the users of the Afan-Oromo language.
One local farmer said we thought Hachalu was Muoromo after watching live broadcasts depicting the Hachalu funerals following the customs of the Orthodox Church of Tewahedo Ethiopia.
According to reports, the majority of the victims were Amharic Christians, Oromon Christians and the people of Gurage.
One witness said that the groups destroyed and burned property and killed by cutting the victims' heads and legs.
Forecasting for Interview
When reports about the killing of the Hachalu were heard only, the source of the Oromo news of the diaspora involved his death and the final interviews that Hachalu and the OMN TV station led by Guyo Wariyo, and were launched a week before Hachalu was killed.
During the interview Gayo repeated asking Hachalu the trap questions about his support for the ruling party and occasionally interrupted him when he was responding.
Hachalu refused to join the ruling party but also criticized the conflict and separation of the Oromo political parties, demonstrating freedom of thought as a musician which made him the target of online attacks to the day he was killed.
However, Guyo asked Hachalu about the historical harassment of the Oromo people and the current King Menelik II who built Ethiopia.
Hachalu surprised many listeners when he said that the horse planted by Menelik on the statue in Addis Ababa was the property of an Oromo farmer named Sida Debelle, and Menelik stole the horse.
The response appealed to his admiration and criticism from various people on Facebook and Twitter.
While Hachalu was killed a week later many Oromos in the outskirts of the country felt that Hachalu's criticising the image of Menelik II angered the supporters of the royal Ethiopia and led to his execution.
In social media citizens struggled with what Hachalu said against Menelik, and this led to widespread rumors with a lot of false information.
Another part of the interview carries information on the issue of separation and conflict within the Oromo community.
In all interviews Guyo quarreled Hachalu about the country's political upheaval and the anti-government movement by asking a question about Prime Minister Abiy Ahmed, who is Muoromo and that if the government has been able to meet the demands of the Oromo people since he entered power in 2018.
Hachalu repeated that he was not involved in the promiscuity of Oromo politics but criticized all those judging Abiy nationalism.
He protected his position against the main opposition leaders who joined the Tigray People's Liberation Front (TPLF), which was once close to the Ethiopian People's Revolutionary Front ( EPRDF).
TPLF became an opposition party after Abiy demolished EPRDF.
Hachalu also spoke of the ongoing political upheavals in the province of Oromo denounce both the government authorities and the militant group Oromo Liberation Front (OLF) that (also known as OLF-Shane).
Following the murder of Hachalu, the government was able to take a 71-minute interview belt and throw it to the public.
The band includes a message of death threats used in Hachalu from Western Oromo, where the OLF-Shane militants are busy.
Hachalu said he believed he would not be attacked online if he praised OLF-Shane.
He spoke directly about the conflict between him and Getachew Assefa, the Ethiopian High Security Office in the TPLF period.
Guyo, who announced the interviews on her Facebook page by calling you to see them a few days before the launch, has been detained by the police since then and the government is investigating the 71-minute region of the interview to find examples that will help to locate the source of the Hachalu massacre.
Read more about the impact of the murder of Hachalu Hundessa on the II.
Image from the Guardian YouTube video about female harassment.
COVID-19 has had a significant impact on women's rights in the Middle East and North Africa; from a steady rise in unemployment to the loss of jobs.
But there is one imaginary place where women are affected by harassment, and this is after the explosion of Corona’s disaster and hectic accomplices.
In April, the United Nations announced that as a result of restrictions on the struggle to combat the korona crisis, there are 2 million cases of harassment that are speculated to occur in the next decade to deter whether the korona steering from the plan and the effort to stem from harasssment and haras
Skepticism involves cutting or eliminating the exterior of vagina, or injuring parts of the vagina without any connection or theory of medical treatment, according to the World Health Organization (WHO).
This is a traditional and religious culture rooted across Africa, the Middle East and Asia, and is practiced by traditional midwives, grazers using knives, razors or bottleds.
Skepticism is also known as clandestine cutting is widely believed to be one of the most atrocities passing on against girls and women, and it is still widely reported in the Middle East.
It is estimated that at least 200 million women are affected by it.
This is well summed up by UNICEF in a video:
In the Middle and Northern Eastern regions of Africa, harassment is a problem that primarily troubles Egypt, Sudan, Yemen, Iraq and Djibouti.
Carlos Javier Aguilar, Adviser to the Protection Affairs of the Child, explains more,
Somalia is thought to have a large number of cynics victims where 98 percent of women between 15 and 49 years of age have been distracted.
In Djibouti, an estimated 93 percent have been affected, Egypt 92 percent, Sudan 88 percent, Mauritania 69 percent, Yemen 19 percent and Iraq 7% according to statistics released in June by the United Nations Population Organization (UNFPA).
This phenomenon varies according to the social class, ethnicity and educational level in every country and in urban or rural areas.
Skepticism often occurs between the poorest and the uneducated families in rural areas.
In Yemen, relapse takes root in the Coastal region but is taking place a bit in the North.
In Iraq, this action is widely circulated in the north of the state of Kurdi.
In Egypt it is being done mostly for girls living in the Egyptian Upper Strip.
In Mauritania, more than 90 percent of women from poorer families have been subjected to harassment compared to 37 percent of women from higher income families.
CONTROL: Smallest Reported Violence
The magnitude and width of relativism will have been despised because of the world's not having a perfect image of relativism, according to a joint report starting in March, has been consent to equality now, the Internet from Europe to Delegate Addiction and the Internet from the US.
The report showed that this culture is on the rise and is also taking place in the Middle East and Asia, and the world has actually ignored the harassment.
Small new initiatives show that harassment is also taking place in Iran, as well as all countries of the Gulf such as Kuwait, Arab Species, Omani and Saudi Arabia.
Divya Srinivasan from Equality Now he told Reuters that he was amazed at the results of such minimal research from such areas as Omani and Saudi Arabia where it isn't usually the sites that can come to mind when you imagine the matter of Chetaji
This report was published when the COVID-19 disaster was raging in the Middle East and was never published or translated by media and social media.
Social misunderstandings about harassment can confirm the notion that harassment is not a matter of serious concern.
Social Ideas
In the Middle East, there is a surrounding of women's bodies where it is prohibited from publicly discussing confidential matters like cynicism which are linked to traditional beliefs, religion and culture.
For example, in Egypt Christians and Muslims combined believe that girls’ harassment makes them more attractive to their husbands and prevents them from being bad, parties also fear that their daughters will not be married if they are not distracted, according to a report by Tokomezamerica in the Middle East, a campaign that was organized in 2013 to give society a public awareness of Asia and to say that the world is not only.
The organisation continues to collect more information on reform and has created a way to collect information that will help individuals or groups to do a minimum research on the subject of harassment.
People prefer to avoid dialogue and harassment may only result in a news event such as the death of a 12-year-old daughter died after being distracted from Southern Egypt in February, where people speak.
Ghida Hussein, an Egyptian student, told Global Voices that:
Since we don't talk about it, it's like the problem isn't there.
The relapse is held silently behind the closed doors.
It is from far away from the educated people in the cities where activists and politicians are sitting.
Skepticism is a complex matter and maybe the international community should help with funding and mobilization, or you won't see a society dominated by a layer of men paying this priority.
Breaking up the taboo and talking about harassment makes human rights defenders vulnerable to obscene language and hatred.
In Oman, women rights activist Habiba al Hinai, founder of the Human Rights Institute Omani researched 2017 in Omani and found that 78 percent of women were distracted.
After publishing the results of his online research, Habiba received attacks and threats:
I posted the results of online research and the reaction was great.
I am attacked by religious conservatives who said that harassment is part of Islamic worship.
In Omani, where harassment is not officially recognized, there is no protection for the victims.
Habiba added this in his statement:
How can you tell the manusura to talk about harassment and then face all these consequences if criticized, insulting even family or clan can exclude her, perhaps even if her husband can divorce her – if there is no formal support.
I do not expect these women to stand up and speak up and face the community.
Disappointment: So systematically, Not Satisfied
In Yemen and the Arab Union, harassment is restricted to health institutions, but not in the homes.
In Mauritania, there is a legal barrier but not a direct prohibition.
In Iraq, harassment has been prohibited there in the religious province of Kurdi, but it is still legal in the central Iraq region.
There were signs of absenteeism.
In the years following the establishment of a women's rights organization, Egypt prohibited harassment in 2008.
Sudan in a politically transitional period after 30 years of dictatorship, has been the first to prohibit harassment in April.
But law enforcement is a major challenge because relapse is still high and is generally accepted as well .
Although law is not the most important weapon but not enough.
Countries need a plan and a national strategy implemented involving police, courts, healthcare providers, clerks and provide education for the community.
A series of regional disasters and dictatorial authorities has delayed reforms blocking campaigns and demographic resources.
Now all the world's eyes are focused on fighting COVID-19 and its impact on many economies and programs that are directly related to the rights of women in a dangerous environment and providing social services have been postponed or perhaps not prioritizen.
With so many poor families and many girls who are expelled from school or marriage in childhood, relapse is like you're getting a chance without being known in this region.
Photo by Abubakar Idris Dadiyata, used with permission from The SignalNg.
Abubakar Idris Dadiyata, a prominent lecturer and critic of the Nigerian government was captured in his home on August 1, 2019, in Barnawa neighbor and Kaduna, in northwestern Nigeria.
A year after his abduction Dadiyata has not been found.
Abubakar Idris (Didiyata) was kidnapped in his home in Kaduna province, Nigeria.
His movements are still unclear.
His family and friends want answers to their questions: where is @dadiyata?
Abubakar is a victim of loss #SikuYaKupotea #MwachieniHuruDadiyata.
Dadiyata was a tutor at the Umma University of Dutsinma, in Katsina State.
As a member of the opposition party and Democracy (People's Democratic Party) Dadiyata was always confronted by members of the ruling Development Party for All People (All Progress Congressiveive) on social media
More read: Fear spreads against the kidnapping of the Nigerian government critic
All state state government institutions and central governments are not responsible for anything
Dadiyata was violently taken away by the kidnappers on 7pm when he arrived at his home, a year ago on August 1, 2019, reported the Premium Times.
Dadiyata's wife, Kadija in an interview with BBC News recalled that her husband was talking to the phone while his car engine was still burning, when he was arrested by the kidnappers.
Although Kadija could not hear what was being discussed or who was talking to her on the phone, she remembers her husband's kidnappers were following her and they came home.
Dadiyata's wife remained in the window in their room as her husband was taken away and left the kidnappers.
Worse, there is no information about Dadiyata's whereabouts.
It hurts, very hard as their children keep asking their missing father, Kadija told BBC.
Besides searching for Dadiyata, Nigeria's security institutions have continued to withdraw from all kinds of blame related to her disappearance.
Nigeria's National Defense Department, until January, refused to put Dadiyata in detention.
The National Defense Department says that since Dadiyata was taken to her home by armed men does not mean that they are members of the National Security Department.
Also, the attorney general of the State of Kaduna, Aisha Dikko, refused to know where he or she was involved in any of Dadiyata’s kidnappings.
In any case it is a conservative view to believe that since he was kidnapped in the state of Kaduna, the state government is responsible, said Dikko.
However, denying the involvement of the State Security and the government of the state of Kaduna does not eliminate Dadiyata’s wife’s whims and their two children or bring her independence.
The petitions for Dadiyata's release continue to be launched on Twitter with the hashtag #MwakaBilaDadiyata, a demand for his independence from Nigerians
Bulama Bukarti complained about the pain this piracy has caused Dadiyata's family:
It is astonishing how a Nigerian can disappear like that.
We must continue to do everything possible to unite Dadiyata with his family.
There is no place for terrorism like this.
Those who captured Dadiyata will come to pay the bill.
If it is not now, it must be later.
The Twitter user was disappointed when he heard Dadiyata's interview:
I was disappointed by hearing Dadiyata's wife interrogate with @bbbchausa this morning.
The only thing she asks is for her kidnappers to forgive her and let her husband come back to join her family, especially her small children.
Akin Akíntáy does not understand how Dadiyata can disappear without being known for the year:
One question I ask myself how Dadiyata and his car got lost without leaving the marks for a year in Nigeria; and neither is the government worried about the matter, is it seeking to wash rather than take responsibility to find him because he was targeted for his criticisation?
Unfortunately, as nobody cares to search for the critic:
In contrast all state and federal government institutions are struggling to avoid the blameless said Human Rights activist Professor Chidi Odinkalu in an interview with Vyral Africa:
Besides saying they don't know where he is, no one has demonstrated what they've done to get him and how they don't want to be involved with him.
This shows you how unimportant we are like little citizens.
What we can do is ask where Dadiyata is and why doesn't our government find him?
Students in Kaduna State, Nigeria.
Photo by Jeremy Weate, January 15, 2010 via Flickr / CC BY 2.0.
Armed pirates stormed a high school in Kaduna, northwestern Nigeria on August 24 and killed a man and captured four students and a teacher reported a source of online news, SaharaReporters.
The armed men came and attacked the village of Damba-Kasaya in the local government of Chikun, the state of Kaduna in 1.45 a.m. on the motorcycle and reportedly killed Benjamin Auta, a farmer, according to the Premium Times newspaper.
The armed men headed to Prince High School where they captured Christianah Ma Brothers and four students, Favour Danjuma, 9, Miracle Danjuma, 13, Happy Odoji, 14, and Ezra Bako, 15.
His father Happy, Isiaka Odoji, told the Daily Trust, a Nigerian daily newspaper that the kidnappers are demanding 20 million dollars (US $53,000) in order to release their children, but they can't afford to collect that amount.
The students in captivity were taking exams to complete their basic education.
Because of the explosion of Korona’s disease, only students who graduated from school were allowed to return to school.
The main government and the state of Kaduna remain silent about the bodies of the kidnapped students and their teacher.
Nigeria's Common Day
Twitter user Ndi Kato said the incident is dismaying to the state:
Today in the state of Kaduna, children in finish classes who were ordered to continue their studies have been kidnapped by armed men.
One man has been reportedly killed, the life of a young man is cut short, and some have left with them and we will probably never see them again.
This must have troubled any nation.
But it is still a normal day for Nigeria to lament Twitter user Chima Chigozie:
Some students have been kidnapped in Kaduna, one of the boys killed during the event.
The boy's life was shortened, this was supposed to shock the nation, but HAPANA, this is a normal day in Nigeria.
Jaja blames politics for the lack of sympathy and anger against the kidnapping of students:
The kidnapped Kaduna boys will not get the sympathy of Chibok girls because they are first boys and second Goodluck Jonathan (GEJ ) is not the President.
Goodluck Ebele Jonathan (GEJ) was president, while 276 girls from a state school were captured by Boko Haram militants, from the northeastern part of Chiboko in April 2014.
The kidnapping caused a global trend with the hashtag #WeRemplifyZetiZetu reacted to by millions of people online.
More read: Nigerians celebrate the return of 82 Chibok girls at Boko Haram
Also on February 19, 2018, Boko Haram seized 110 female students from a science and technical school in Dapchi, Yobe province in northern Nigeria.
Read More: Female students kidnapped by Boko Haram in Nigeria suspected of dying
The kidnapping of Damba-Kasaya students and their teacher is a nightmare.
The only difference is that those currently responsible for this horrific event are not Boko Haram but armed pirates.
Kaduna Viking Cruelty
Violent violence erupted in northeastern Nigeria in Zamfara provinces, Kaduna, Niger, Sokoto, Kebbi and Katsina.
ACAPS is an independent organization dealing with human affairs, confirming that the violence does not relate to Boko Haram's rebellion in the northeastern:
These terrorist violence started as a crisis between ranchers and farmers in 2011 and grew between 2017 and 2018 involving livestock theft, kidnapping for money, rape and murder.
As of March 2020 more than 210,000 people have become internal refugees.
Local communities have survived by the pirates where between January and June this year they have been killed at least 1,126 people from Northern Nigeria.
Southern Villages of Kaduna are the most attacked who have been killed 366 in the first half of the year 2020, said the International Human Rights Organization.
Chikun LGA, the home of the kidnapped students has been experiencing attacks from militant groups that have been accompanied by kidnapping and deaths and 45 communities to flee their homes where they are looted since 2019, according to a report by the coalition of the people of Southern Kaduna.
The people of Southern Kaduna claim that the pirates are Fulani-based ranchers who have a strategy to loot the land, supported by the absence of the central and state government.
But the governor of the state of Kaduna, Nasir El-Rufai refused the piracy to be connected to the looting of land or to the instigation of religious beliefs.
On August 22, the government of the state of Kaduna ordered the public from 6:00 p.m. to 6:00 a.m., in some areas it is believed to be part of the government’s strategy to stop piracy.
However, a spokesperson for the South African Union, Luke Binniyat, complained that hunger also kills us because people don't go to their rurals, our people are completely hopeless.
Poet Henry Spon and lawyer Imtiaz Mahmood.
This combination is of their widely circulated photos on social media.
Two people were arrested on May 14 and 15 for posting their Facebook comments.
The arrests have raised questions among communities on social media.
Poet Henry Spon
On May 14, Poet and journalist Henry Spon was arrested at his home in Barishal, Southern Central Bangladesh.
He has been accused of violating the Bangladesh Network Security Act
As an associate in a small Christian community, Spon was initially accused of Alfred and his brother Alfred and Jewel Satkat of hurting the deep feelings of Muslims and Christians on social media.
Bangladeshi poet and editor Henry Span was arrested under media security law!
#Egypt etc. #bangladesh #bangladeshiblogger #EgywaMaoni pic.twitter.com/MGoCec2nsR
According to Dhaka Tribune, Spon posted a post on his Facebook page criticizing Lawrence Subrata Howlader, the Catholic Church Bishop in Barishal Diocese.
The bishop chose a cultural event in one of the Catholic churches on April 22, 2019, a day after the terrorist attack in Sri Lanka.
Spon thought that Bishop would postpone the concert by respecting the lives of hundreds of missing people in the attack.
Other Christians were angry with the language he used to the Bishop and others sent him even threats to kill him.
Spon has been a spokesperson on the internet scolding all kinds of oppression and corruption in his city.
Netizen Swakrito Noman wrote on Facebook:
In Bangladesh, the strategy for attacking activists for accusing them of injuring religious sentiments has become common to Islamic leaders.
Now we see even those of non-violent Christians start using this tactic.
I think of those who hate this form of criticism are mentally ill.
The government should provide a systematic treatment for these patients.
We strongly rebuke the arrest of Poet Henry Spon and want him to be released quickly and unconditionally.
Legal arrest Imtiaz Mahmood
On the morning of May 15, the police arrested the High Court attorney and author Imtiaz Mahmud under a bar of 2017 law not currently applicable, the Information Law, Communications and Technology, where one citizen, Shafiqul Islam, complained that Mahmood's leaf in Facebook hurt his strong feelings and in the Souther Bangladesh region.
Imtiaz Mahmood received temporary bail when the case was first brought in but the Khagrachhari court issued an order to be arrested again against that of January 2019.
Mahmood contributed his views during the ethnic uprising after the Bengali motorcyclist was killed in Khagrachhari, causing a group of Bengalis to fire houses and local shops in Chittagong.
Local sources told Dhaka Tribune that the police did not take any action to prevent it.
Hundreds of similar charges were filed from 2013 to 2018, when the Information and Communication Law changed to the Cybercrime Act.
Bangladesh suppresses social media.
Police have held the second arrest in two days under the Cybercrime Act.
Journalist Imtiaz Mahmood was arrested for a case under the Information and Communication Act on Wednesday morning.
#Egypt #ICTLawhtps://t.co/eH8H38unCr
Journalist Meher Afroz Shao wrote on Facebook:
He loves the mountains and the people who live there.
He writes about their rights.
I have never seen seditious words in his journalism.
There is nothing wrong with a very serious mistake.
I believe that mistakes will be corrected quickly.
PS: I've seen a lot of Facebook literature that has a bad language and discrimination in it.
If the people are charged today, will the arrest warrant be issued immediately?
Many netizens have rebuked the two arrests, demanding that the law be abolished.
Bangladeshi immigrant Leesa Gazi tweeted:
It is totally shameful.
The Bangladesh government does not have the ability to ensure public security but is trying to arrest people under a strictly strict Network Security Act which is contrary to the Bangladesh Constitutional Spirit.
https://t.co/1sFKY10OPV
Journalist Probhash Amin wrote on Facebook:
After Poet Henry Spon, lawyer Imtiaz Mahmood (incarcerated).
Freedom of speech is restricted.
I want all brutal laws to be blotted out.
I want freedom of expression.
I want Henry Swapon and Imtiaz Mahmood to be released immediately.
Despite showing that the law would restrict free speech, the Bangladesh parliament passed the Cybercrime Act in September 2018.
This law enacted other media and Teknolijian repressive law, which was also used as a tool to silence critics.
This law condemns some of the online conversations from messages to hurtful discussions and religious values listing a large fine.
It also allows long-term imprisonment for cyberspace to cause violence in society and collecting, sending and storing information and passing government documents through digital services.
The Bangladesh editorial Council said this law is against constitutional freedom, press freedom and free speech.
Read more: Bangladesh Freedom speech activists say one Digital Security Act is for the purpose of harassment
The Law has a tremendous power for law enforcement agencies to initiate investigations for anyone whose activities are considered to be harmful and a threat to safety.
Khartoum, Sudan.
Photo by Christopher Michel from Flickr under CC BY 2.0.
After the Sudan revolution, Sudan's transitional authorities have signed a peace agreement with The Sudan Revolutionary Front the main rebel group that has continued its activity even after the removal of its former leader Omar al-Bashir last year.
This deal of Historic peace was signed on August 31, in the town of Juba, South Sudan with the support of both Cathedral and international communities such as the Sub-African countries, the European Union, Egypt and some of the Gulf countries.
The thrill has also been swept away by a period of Historic flooding that has affected some areas of Sudan, causing the continued collapse of an already-scale economy.
However, Sudanese netizens still celebrated the news online.
Sudanese blogger Waleed Ahmed wrote:
Today we volunteer, come home.
A video which shows an army (Sudan Liberation Movement (SLMAA) led by Minawi announcing a weapon on December 16, 2019, in support of the revolutionary movement.
Mini Arko Minawi, head of SLMA, wrote:
Mini Arko Minawi.
The signing of yesterday will put Sudan in a new pace, in parties and in Sudanese people, organizations and social parties in collaboration with friends and neighboring soccer.
We must make a solid platform for our country's new history.
Sudanese Prime Minister Abdalla Hamdok welcomed a peaceful agreement saying:
I am sending the peace we have signed today in our Sudanese State to our children born in refugees and camps, to fathers and mothers who yearn for their villages and cities looking forward to the grand revolution in December, a promise to return, a promise of justice and a promise of progress and security.
These agreements guarantee freedom of self-rule among the rebel groups in the areas held by the central government.
The agreement will ensure that one-third of parliamentary seats belong to people from the rebel areas to communicate their needs and issues.
The agreement also guarantees justice and equality for all who were accused by the previous administration of being non-Islam or non-Arabic.
This is not the first peace agreement in Sudan's history.
Some netizens argued that the peace agreement is a common circuit in Sudan and may not bring peace or tranquillity.
Inbal Ben Yehuda wrote:
The event that occurs once every 5-9 years is not a matter of Historicity.
Abuja 2006 Peace Agreement
Doha Peace agreement 2011
Copper Peace Agreement 2020
Better to wait before celebrating
A Constitution Is Imperfect
Despite this stirring event, two rebel groups have not signed the agreement. SLMA group was led by Abdul Wahid al-Nur, and the northern Sudanese Liberties movement (SPLM-N), led by Abdelazi al-Hilu, all denounced themselves for the non-employment of some of the military system's questions.
Three days after signing a peace agreement, the Sudanese Prime Minister traveled to Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, to see al-Hilu to discuss the clashes according to Sudan's Islamism
On Wednesday, Prime Minister Abdallah Hamdok held a secret meeting with Abdel Aziz al-Hilu in an effort to alleviate obstacles in peaceful speech by the South Sudan government.
This conference led to the signing of a treaty that will oversee the respect of the peaceful agreements that took place in Juba.
Sudan's social networks shut down with a copy of the agreement written in English lugjs, stressed in a 3rd category on religion and nationalism:
Democratic nation must not be in Sudan.
For Sudan to be a democratic state where public rights are respected, the constitution must have a basis for democratization and nationalism where personal rights must be respected.
Freedom to believe and worship and religious activities should be granted to all Sudanese citizens.
The government should not put the State religion, not a citizen will be discriminated against because of his religion.
Sudanese citizens are divided into two categories on the issue: the first group considers that separation of citizenship and religion to be fundamental to human rights; the second group considers that the transitional government has no authority to make decisions on the matter without public permission through democratic elections.
After the meeting, a Twitter page of the Prime Minister published a copy of the treaty in Arabic where its contents differed from those in the English-language version.
While in the English version the controversy has been set by pointing out that it is impossible to separate religion from nationalism, in a copy of the Arabic language it recommends dialogue in this controversial issue.
The difference in the two copies has raised many questions about the disagreement.
Historic Peace, Historic Flood
As peace elicits happiness in Sudan, the Nile River continues to overflow with unprecedented disasters for mankind.
According to a report on September 8, the National Security Council, as a result of the flooding killed 103 people, 50 casualties, 5,482 livestock, 27,341 houses dismantled and 42,210 houses destroyed half, government buildings and 179 private institutions have been damaged, and 359 stores destroyed and 420 fevers.
YouStorm on his Twitter account showed videos comparing the river Nile July 16 to August 16:
Flooding in Nile in Sudan on July 16 compared to August 30 #Sentinel2 in Northern Khartoum.
Made of #EOBrowser @sentinel_hub #Sudanfloods pic.twitter.com/l8LRNBFY9m
On September 3, the governor of Sinnar province, Ustadhi Elmahi Sulieman announced a dangerous situation on his Facebook page:
The Nile River level this night has risen from heavy rains that have caused the breaking of barriers and protective walls that are a small pool built by sacks filled with clay in Singa and Umm Benin, and the water has begun to rise in the city and in the populace.
So we give directions to all government authorities and private organizations to come out and help save citizens as soon as possible and to provide them with food and medical care.
The situation is frightening:
In Sinnar Province | Singa, the situation is terrifying after rain broke its detention wall to allow water from the Nile River to enter town.
Sudanese from the island of Tuti built a wall to prevent floodwaters from entering their island.
It was a heroic act, he told Hassan Shaggag:
These are the ones who will build Sudan...and they are currently running for power.
Sudanese citizens have shortages of essential necessities such as bread, gas, medicine and electricity - after a six-day cutting of electricity.
Sudan's money spray now exceeds 202 percent, according to Professor Steve Hanke.
However, the transitional government has not yet ruled the market.
Now again there is a promise of peace, just what is the government’s strategy to simplify the lives of the people?
Student leader Jutatip Syriakhan is covered in white as a symbol of the strike after his release.
Images and comments from Prachatai
This post is from Prachatai, an independent source of information in Thailand, edited and published by Global Voices as part of a content-sharing agreement.
Thailand's president Jutatip Syriakhan has been arrested en route to college on September 1, because of participating in a massive July 18 protest.
Jutatip was arrested while driving to class at Thammasat's Prachan university in Bangkok.
He entered a basket on his Facebook page at 07:50 p.m. on September 1, when civilian soldiers suspended the paper he had uploaded and showed him a arrest document.
Jutatip was taken to the lSamranrat police station.
A police officer accompanied him to the station on another taxi because he did not feel safe to get into a private car with the soldiers who came to arrest him.
He continued to be a provocative on his Facebook page, reading a Maternal Intelligence translated into Thailand by Thomas Paine.
He was taken to the criminal court of Bangkok and was granted bail and released at 11.20 p.m. under the care of a lecturer from Thammasat University.
The court did not immediately grant him 100,000 bahts (US $3,190) for bonds, but was conditionally imposed that he does not want to repeat the charges on them were issued to everyone who was arrested and released.
Jutatip is a 14th activist who was arrested for participating in a massive July 18 protest.
Fifteen other participants have received a call and have reported at Samranrat police station to hear their charges on August 28.
Jutatip was charged with sedition, defiance of the Emergency and the Infectious Disease Law, as well as other charges.
Jutatip left a criminal court after his release and held a short meeting with the media.
Color can be cleaned, but we cannot clean up oppression
I didn't plan to run since then.
I knew I had an arrest warrant
and I have been waiting for a long arrest, but it did not happen until today.
Each time one person is arrested, it should be insulting that we did not protest peacefully.
I am a student and I have been harassed by soldiers for months, for years.
Why is there no ransom for me?
Why is there only a ransom for the police who are dictators?
It would have to be called first, but what happened was that the police brought a document to arrest me directly.
It's a lot of tyranny for the student.
They found me by monitoring my telecommunications from the time I live.
They have threatened people in my home, my family and sent a document to arrest me at home so we now have to strengthen our protests.
Everything is according to the constitution.
We pay our taxes, we must be protected and the government is not being harassed by the government.
So today, I have expressed myself by pointing out that we can do this.
We must stand up for our rights and freedoms.
Blogging is also something that can be done.
Then Jutatip sprayed a white bucket in his body with his arm up and with three fingers of the Hunger Cup.
He said that white represents cleanness and justice, and they demand a fair restoration.
We show that this is justice, this is a kind of example that we can do.
Even if it's a pigment for us now, it's a way to show that we can bleed ourselves at any hour.
We can dye those in power because they convict us and shoot us at any hour without concern, since they have authority.
Color can be cleaned but oppression cannot be cleansed.
After that, Jutatip thanked a lecturer who bailed him and the people who came to support him and help the crowds clean the color that was scattered in the way of the court.
We will not stop fighting until we win everything, including the reforms of the kingdom and the new constitution, said Jutatip.
Screenshot from a video in YouTube, by VideoVolunteers.
The post was written by Grace Jolliffe and originally by Video Volunteers, an international award-winning group and his headquarters in India.
A small edited edition has been published below as part of a content-sharing agreement.
As India reviews the period of the general elections split in seven phases from 11 April to 19 May 2019 to select its seventh Parliament (Lok Sabha), some Indian voters have taken an unusual responsibility for boycott election activities.
Read More: All you want to know about India's 2019 general elections
In Goa, a southern Indian state, residents of a small village in the province of Cancona (ground), the village of Marlem refused to vote on April 23 in the third term of the elections with allegations that the government has been the problem in their village.
Their main complaints are that important needs and services such as good roads and safe and safe water services have never been provided by the government.
The social media commentator Devidas Gaonkar, a native of the Velip group, shows the villagers' competition:
In this video, Pandurang Gaonkar, a resident of the village of Marli, said:
From Tirwal to Marlem only two miles (3 km) of roads but not complete.
To this day no action was taken by the authorities.
They are just giving us false promises no implementation.
As a result, we have not voted.
The residents of the village of Marlem have been living in the village for over 20 years now.
In 1968, the forest department declared the village of Marlem a safe haven for wildlife.
This makes the construction of roads or any development work in the region difficult to implement.
According to the report, it was that the plan to transfer the electric current current to make it possible to reach the area was passed but was recently blocked because of protests from the National Forest Department
Another source of the concerns of local residents is lack of good roads.
One is required to travel from the main road 2.8 km away on a bad road and is not cleaned properly so that he can find the first house in the village of Marlem.
Finally, the supply of electricity and clean and safe water for villagers remains a challenge for villagers.
Despite repeating their complaints publicly, but they failed to get answers to their needs, the residents of Marlem and the residents from two other villages decided not to vote to draw the ears of the authorities against their complaints.
The electoral commission workers came to talk to us about our decision not to vote and our position is there, adding to Pandurang.
Isidore Fernandes, the opposition leader from the Indian National Congress, a member of parliament in Cancona, also met local residents.
After listening to their cheating, he assured them that he would help them deal with the republic.
It is important for any government to build roads, supply electricity and water for their people.
So far all government officials have neglected to provide these services in the village of Marlem, said Fernandes.
Voting elections has now become a way of one of the strikes, although voting is not necessarily a country in India.
Unlike the village of Goa, the villages in the Central province Madhya Pradesh, West the state of Maharashtra, and the East Odisha have been using this strategy to bring their important affairs to the leaders of the authorities.
However, no strike has been taken by the government.
Many voters have become accustomed to using this strategy as a sign of their outrage to politicians and government officials who turn to the societies they have cast in the elections with the hope of getting their votes, failing to carry out their promises after the election.
But finally, if the boycott of the election will not bring about a change in society, what are the community's people going to do to draw the ears of the authorities who should hear their voices and take steps to implement
Journalist Amade Abubacar.
Photo: caiccajuda/Youtube.
Journalists Amade Abubacar and Germano Adriano, who were arrested earlier this year while covering the military conflict in the northern Mozambique region, have been released without charge on April 23, 2019.
Amade, who has been contributing to news in remote sources in Zitamar News and A Carta, was detained on January 5 while interviewing local refugees from the district of Macomia in the Northern Region, Cabo Delgado.
Germano, a journalist for the Nacedje community radio station, disappeared since February 6 and was found detained on February 18th.
According to a report from the South African Press Federation (MISA), Amade and Germano were charged with spreading news about defaming some of the country's National Armed Forces (MISA), who announced the beginning of the clashes in the Macomia district villages.
The journalists were released from Mieze Prison in Pemba, Cabo Delgado's headquarters and are in the monitoring season while awaiting trial in Cabo Delgado's local court.
The case is scheduled for the first hearing on May 17.
Since 2017, armed groups like knives have been attacking Cabo Delgado villages, burning houses and slaughtering residents.
More than 90 people have been killed since the attacks began according to police reports.
To this day no group has publicly come out to admit responsibility for the attacks.
In December 2018 the newspaper A Carta de Moçambique demonstrated the presence of a Facebook page, which appears to be a liberal name where the page praises the attacks of armed groups in Cabo Delgado
It is not clear whether the charges against Amade and Germano are connected to the page.
The media's advocacy team says there is no connection with the page or other crimes taking place on Facebook.
The charges against these journalists have been met with a lot of sympathy.
After Amade was detained, the police detained him under the protection of the National Armed Forces.
He was put in a military prison where he spent 12 days without any contact and then transferred to a civilian prison.
The journalists were charged only when it came to April 16, a violation of the final 90-day process, in violation of the law of detention and detention of Mozambique, in the case of Abubacar.
In the continuation of the case during their period of detention all journalists were accused of treasoning government secrets through social media and inciting society through digital means.
These charges are interrupted by the previous charges against them, where MISA translated them as spreading a message to contaminate some Mozambican military leaders on a Facebook page that launched an attack on people in the Macomia district villages.
During his 106-day prison term, Abubacar suffered food shortages and was denied medical care, according to a report by the Human Rights Watch (Amnesty International).
His family told @Verdade that they were blocked from visiting Abubacar throughout his detention.
What happened to these journalists is part of the continuation of violence against media workers in Northern Mozambique.
Independent Journalist Estácio Valoi was detained in December 2018, also in Cabo Delgado for obscure legal reasons.
Later he was freed without charge, but his tools remained in the military.
The Call for Justice
Cídia Chissungo, an activist and mobiliser of the #AmedeAwekweHuru campaign, celebrated the news by saying:
#AmadeAbubacar and #GeramanoAdriano are finally in SA after being detained for 4 months.
We are actually celebrating but we will not forget how everything
We said from time to time: Journalism is not a crime.
Thank you for supporting us in
Angela Quintal, president of the Committee to Protect Journalists (CPJ), the African region said:
Now it is to ensure that the charges are being dismissed and #AmadeAbubacar can continue his journalism without fear of arrest.
The fact is that he has endured being detained without being charged for 106 days before the bail, not the gentleman treatment.
He deserves not be charged at all!
Photo by Iranian Revolutionary leader Imamu Khomeini on the wall of a building in Sanandaj, in the Iranian capital city of Kurdistan visible through the window.
Photo by Jordi Boixareu.
Copyright Demotix
Global Voices co-founder Ethan Zuckerman describes them as a model of people who are interested in expressing their home culture to people from other communities.
This idea was developed through a system rooted in Global Voices and describes the great work and culture of society.
Since our work is intended to combine the separation between foreign views on Iran and the real one within the country, Global Voices Iran has begun a series of interviews with Iranian journalists and writers who will do so.
These interviews will take place to understand how and how these people have worked through describing Iran's outside community about Iran and the complexity and complexity that exists in describing it
Golnaz Esfandiari: I think the use of social media in Iran and its benefits are increasing
Golnaz Esfandindiari is a senior publisher in Redio Free Europe/Radio Liberty, and one of the few journalists who have worked outside Iran writing in English about the disturbances and challenges of Iranian society and politics.
Photo used with permission from Golnaz Esfandiari.
Read more: Conversation with Golnaz Esfandiari, Bridge of Information in English
In an interview with Global Voices, he said:
I think the use of social media in Iran has increased and its benefits have also increased.
Government officials admit this and I also see many people in the country using social media.
I think that since 2009, the use of social media has increased dramatically.
Some Iranians have told me that they had joined Twitter after reading about the allegations of the Iranian Revolution.
Social media supports dialogue and shares prohibited or embarrassed content and people talk openly.
People are also often critical of government policies and attitudes on social networks.
Kelly Golnoush Niknejad: You should be a journalist, psychologist, professor and public opinion at the same time
Iranian media investor Kelly Golnoush Niknejad, is the founder of the Tehran Institute’s Institute of Information and The Guardian where he writes about Iran and Iranian diaspora.
His project is one of the leading sources of a different view of the country in political, cultural, and social issues.
Photo by Kelly Golnoush Niknejad and used with permission.
Read more: how Kelly Golnoush Niknejad's Tehran Institute connects Iran to the Western world.
In a negative attitude towards non-Irannians against Iran, he explained:
When it comes to Iran, I always find myself going back to 1979 and explain the changes that have made a decade after the decade to bring the sense of the present time.
Sometimes it is very difficult even for Iranians themselves to understand what is happening in Iran now and let alone non-Iran.
This shows how important it is to cover Iran with gubigubi, putting it in a special flow in the lives of ordinary people.
If we reach the country by providing academic data alone, it is not as basic or as important to us as journalists.
That's why even the most keen observers of the news do not understand the basics of Iran.
It is true if they follow reports from the Tehran Institute, they will have a very different perspective.
Nina Ansary: I believe women will be in the forefront of any changes in Iran
I have Ansary as a guardian of God's Pride: Untold About Iranian Women, the first book to write about the same right attitude towards women in politics from the late 19th century until now.
Cover of the book of God's Protector's Gem
The book explains how women have been able to build the current Iranian history and continue to do so, while continuing to deal with the establishment of their rights and equality in communities that have been naturally oppressed.
Read more: Conversations With Iranian Women's Equality Secretary Nina Ansary at Night Eve of Change in the country
Ansary said she had a positive view of the future of Iran and a woman's place in it:
and because I saw their return.
And this is because female activists did not get a verified answer: women were not allowed to become judges but are now serving as spies.
Women were not allowed to read some of the furniture, but for years they have been able to penetrate into the furniture that was dominated by more men such as medicine and engineering.
At great precautions I look forward to positive ones, but I believe women will be in the forefront of any changes in Iran.
Saeed Kamali Dehghan: They see Iran as a black and white photo but Iran is not.
It's like a sprawling rainbow.
With more than 800 posts related to Iran, Saeed Kamali Dehghan is the first journalist of The Guardian who volunteered to write about Iran and is one of the few Iranians employed by a major English-language news company.
Photo used with permission from Saeed Kamali Dehghan.
Most of his reports are related to human rights violations in Iran, but as he said in a televised interview, a major problem for the Magonian media is that they see Iran as a black and white image but Iran is not like that.
Iran is like the Rainbow, colored
Read more: Saeed Kamali Dehghan writing to Iran in The Guardian
In the difficulties of writing to a country where he is emotionally linked, Saeed explains that:
If an Iranian I have my feelings about the country, but when I write about it I try to stay a little corner to get rid of favor.
But I am allowed to express my thoughts while writing the opposite news and I have been doing something like that.
I wrote about why Canada misunderstood Iran and this led the then foreign minister to accuse me of his Tweeter page of being used by Iranian authorities.
I have been attacked by some who have accused me of being enslaved by Iranians and others have been calling me to serve in the UK.
I believe this is a sign that I am doing my work as well.
Omid Memarian: Turning your anger into something to build and not treating things personally is an art
Omid Memarian, an Iranian journalist based in New York.
Omid Memarian is an old-language journalist in Iran and is currently working in the US and has been writing Iranian news to users of all English and Persian languages.
Our interviews wanted to know the difference in writing about Iran to users of different languages and their experience as a journalist inside and outside Iran.
Read more: Iranian journalist Omid Memarian
Memarian describes his experience in writing and reporting in Iran's social community as follows:
There were still people in Iran who believe to make it possible for social, political and media communities, the Islamic government to change slowly from inside.
On the other hand, there are other forces fighting to prove that it is impossible and one way is to make the environment so dangerous that nobody will dare to remain doing what he is doing.
When I insisted on doing what I was doing, writing and encouraging things I believed I was arrested and thrown into prison.
Hooman Majd: Iran has no special diversity: unique here is that many people don't know much about Iran.
Now we are in the U.S. foreign policies.
Several weeks to the fringes of Obama's regime, the US is more likely to end its long-term goal of reconciliation with its long-term enemy, Islamic Iranian republic.
In the dusk of Donald Trump's flattering presidential elections will be unique in the shade of harshness and brutal republic, I think it's time to stay down with journalists and author Hooman Majd.
His books, articles and publications describe the Iranian riddle that has been seen in the US major media during the Bush period, when violence against the Iranian government became the dominant mark in the early 2000s in foreign policies and media views against Iran.
Hooman Majd has been known as Iran's voice to the West.
Majd photo by Ken Browar, used with permission.
Read more: Conversation with Hooman Majd, a bridge between Iranian media and the US.
If a negative attitude towards Iran has brought a lesson since his book in 2008 that targeted negative reactions to the Iranian community to US readers:
Ahmadinejad was the first to be open to the media, the first source of negative news.
But Iranians of American descent and European descent have written a lot about their culture in recent times, and there are also numerous trips between Iran and the US between Iran and the Iranians and the Iranites of the Americas.
Now they understand a little better and there are a lot of books.
Iran is not an exceptional riddle: but the only thing that is unique is that most people don't know much about Iran.
Protesters in Rio de Janeiro: Education is our weapon. | Photo: Marianna Cartaxo / Mídia NINJA/Cusus used with permission
On May 15, thousands of Brazilians took to the streets in all 26 states protesting against the Bolsonaro government to cut off education funding that would affect hundreds of schools and colleges.
In late April, the Brazilian government announced cutting 30 percent of what is said to be a budget that was for water prices, electricity, overall traffic and research.
While arguing that the total amount of government budget for higher education, they can reach up to three or 5 percent.
However, the government has deleted the funding of 3,500 high school students sponsored by the government.
From Paulista Avenue in São Paulo, a crowding station to local farms in Alto Rio Negro, near the Colombian border, people went out to defend public education.
In Viçosa, Minas Gerais, a group of about 5,000 people protested with umbrellas and heavy rains.
Aerial screenshot showing a crowd of protesters in Paulista Street in São Paulo protesting expenditure of scientific education and research funding.#15M #TodosPelaEducação #TsunamidaEducação #NaRuaPelaEducação #MarchaPeCiência pic.twitter.
https://globalvoices.org/wp-content/uploads/2019/05/WhatsApp-Video-2019-05-15-at-21.30.mp4
Brazil has 69 public academies and a large number of government universities and all give the first degree and degree of total inadequacy without paying for fees and some social services such as legal and hospital advisory offices.
Earlier, the hooves were to be held in three universities but were later extended to all other colleges.
Bolsonaro's educational minister, Abraham Weintraub, said that this is not an investment.
Weintraub explained that there are fires because public institutions are a part of the damage.
When asked by journalists to illustrate the destructionWhen mentioned the presence of large universities and the presence of nudity ceremonies.
Weintraub was appointed minister early in April after his predecessor was removed for a while because of some conflicts.
The new minister has always been commenting in terms of right policies such as drugs were identified in Brazil as a communist strategy, and wants to erase U-Marx vyuoni culture.
Some universities have argued that these can stop their doors from opening in the early part of the second year of 2019.
The prosecutor's office has sent a report to the general attorney lamenting that it is a violation of Brazil's constitution.
Rio de Janeiro looks RIGHT!
Hundreds and thousands are holding the Avenida Presidente Vargas at night. When they enter into protesting against the budget of education and science.#15M #TodosPelaEducação #TsunamidaEducação #NaRuaPelaEducação pic.twitter.com/8MIdu91rXKrX
Researchers from the University of Minas Gerais (UFMG) who are researching WhatsApp groups in Brazil have found that there are many conversations via the apparatus after the release of the budget.
Research has created a tool that will track the WhatsApp categories and will be used extensively by an organization that engages in excavating the facts in Brazil.
Leader Fabrício Benevuto on May 8 on his Facebook page said :
[Picha is a collection of colorless and colorless photos/visions imposed on the headlines and topics.
There are photos of people naked in celebrations (which are not even.vy) and the jokes of protesters which say it takes 12 years to graduate because of all the drug abusers.
This is clear that it is a planned purpose.
In the same manner as election campaigns.
Who is sponsoring this factory to provide fake news?
An article on the website Ciência and Rua (in the streets in Portuguese) claims that public academies are producing 95 percent of Brazil's scientific research.
A 2018 study conducted by albums from Clarivate Analytics shows that of 20 college producers of quality research, 15 are part of the government network.
On the day of the protest, Minister Weintraub was called to comment on the cutting of a budget in the House of the Congolese.
Bolsonaro is an enemy of education
Education is an act of love and courage#TsunamiDaEducao pic.twitter.com/sEOb5wDxz
Bolsonaro was later a Texas state in the United States where he met former U.S. President George W. Bush.
When asked about the protest, the president said:
It's common [ that companions have happened, now, the majority of the people there are nothing in the head.
If you ask them 7 times, they don't know.
If you regret asking about water structures, they don't know anything.
They are stupid and profitable fools and have been used by a few treacherous individuals who lead several public academies in Brazil.
Ugandan journalist Gertrude Uwre Tumusiime has tasted a double burden while working as a female journalist in Uganda.
Photo from The Other Side: Gertrude Uw called Tumusiime on YouTube.
In Uganda, female reporters using digital media to report, comment and report are subjected to attacks and abuses because they study and publish powerful political content.
Netizen harassment has become a new control strategy.
Women journalists carry a double burden of online sex abuse including threats related to political writing.
These ongoing threats have caused female journalists to withdraw from public debates and let journalism become more dominated by men
Read More: Cost of being different: Social media riddle in Uganda
Joy Doreen Biira, a journalist.
Photo by Zabangas via Wikimedia Commons CC BY 3.0.
In November 2016, Ugandan journalist Joy Doreen Biira, who worked on the Kenya Television Network (KTN) private TV in Kenya, returned home to Uganda for the cultural festival.
While Biira was with them, Uganda's security forces clashed with the guards of the Rwenungaru kingdom in the state of Rwenzori in western Uganda, and their palace was burned.
The gunfire killed 62 people, including 16 policemen.
Biira wrote her feelings about the attack by posting her opinion on Facebook on November 27:
It's very sad what I saw today with my own eyes a part of the Kingdom Hall where I come from, the Kingdom of Rwen Visitru, burning in fire.
I felt as if I were battering an inheritance in front of my eyes.
On the same day, Biira was arrested and accused of distributing complicated photos of the horrific clashes between security forces and the Rwen visitor to WhatsApp, according to Committee to Protect Journalists (CPIJ).
He also published an Instagram video of the palace burning and posted his story on Facebook, CPJ's reports said.
Ugandan security agents were alleged to force Biira to delete literature on social media and digital equipment, according to the Freedom House report 2018.
Biira was charged with supporting terrorism by taking videos of a military attack on the president's palace which was punishable by death under an anti-terrorism law as one was convicted.
However, one day later, he was released on bail.
Biira's case raised strong accusations on social media through slogans like #FreeJoyDoreen and #JournalismIsNotaCrime.
The netizen denounced Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni for his refusal to silence journalists:
#FreeJoyDoreen President @KagutaMuseveni has to stop the silence of journalists.
That is a serious violation of human rights in our continent.
Biira's Attorney Nicholas Opiyo posted a tweet featuring the official charges Biira faced:
A Copyright of Joyana who is charged with the crime of aiding terrorism (week!)
#journalism is not a crime @KTNKenya @KTNKenya #FreeJoyDoreen
Opiyo told Global Voices that Biira's case was dismissed in March 2017 after the administration investigated and lacked evidence to file a lawsuit.
Like other cases like these, one pauses for the soul but remains a sense of oppression, injustice, and pain, said Opiyo, who is also the executive director of Chapter Four Uganda, a human rights organization.
Opiyo added that staying in jail several days and bearing the pain of arrest are feelings that are never shared.
Netizen Attacks
It is rare for female journalists suffering from online violence to gain justice, and it often has a difficult time to ensure that their complaints are being taken seriously and checked.
In April 2017, Gertrude Tumusiime Uwitare, a NTV Uganda TV broadcaster, defended Stella Nyanzi, an academic activist who criticized the Museveni administration for not fulfilling the promises of campaigning to spread the tolls of young girls.
Rulers forced Uwitare to cancel his Twitter and Facebook posts in support of Nyanzi.
He received threats on Facebook and was kidnapped by strangers for almost eight hours, according to Uganda's Human Rights Report 2017.
His kidnappers were alleged to question him about his relationship with Nyanzi, beating him and cutting his hair.
Read more: Is a woman's nakedness an obscene word?
Women activist Stella Nyanzi continues to fight in court
Uwitare was later found in a police station in Kampala.
However, the administration has not provided any information to this day about the investigation of his captivity.
Political journalists especially those who regularly promote opposition parties are seeing more threats than those who are publicizing other issues.
But women journalists are worse off because the government believes they are weaker and more easily threatened, according to Mukose Arnold Anthony, the Secretary of Human Rights Information and Human Rights in the Ugandan Press Association (UJA), who spoke to Global Voices through WhatsApp on April 3.
When it comes to sexual harassment online, female journalists are afraid to expose themselves despite the fact that a minority of them end up getting hurt and vulnerable, Anthony said.
It happens for female journalists to face more psychological damage, their privacy, their identity, reduced opportunities to go around, control, and loss of property due to their work, according to UNESCO's study on freedom of expression in Africa published in 2018.
And, according to a 2018 Human Rights Network for Journalists, 12 percent of female journalists have suffered from abuse and abuse, including death threats and arrests.
Three quarters of women journalists have suffered injustice in the hands of government officials such as police, district officials and other security officers.
Attacks and persecution
Ugandan journalist Bahati Remmy has faced attacks and harassment while working as a female reporter.
Photo via Paydesk's Bahati Remmy account, used with permission.
Bahati Remmy, a Ugandan journalist who currently works in the US, told Global Voices that she stopped doing journalism in Uganda because she felt the loss of enthusiasm after a traumatic event while she was lighting the Ugandan elections in 2016.
Ugandan police arrested Remmy as he made live broadcasts through a private NBS TV to announce the house arrest of the main opposition leader Dr.Kizza Besigye in Kasangati.
Remmy told Global Voices:
Police raised panic during the ban on journalists from announcing the news about Besigye.
The police took my breasts on their car, stripped me from the station and left me naked in front of the camera, according to Remmy.
He was also tracked and persecuted by a police officer on Facebook because the Ugandan government thought he had collaborated with Besigye to pollute the country.
He told Global Voices that a text message from anonymous people was left at his door offering threats to capture him if he refused to confide in Besigye’s method from his home.
After the case of Remmy's arrest, the Ugandan Human Rights Network has organised a referendum to evaluate the reality of the case.
They asked: The Ugandan police claimed that the NBS television reporter Bahati Remmy violated legitimate instruction and prevented the police from doing their work to arrest him.
Do you agree with this?
Magambo Emmanuel wrote:
It is a weak and false reason because there is a video belt indicating how Bahati was arrested.
Police should stop directing their problems to journalists.
Davide Lubuurwa wrote:
Anyone who tries to inform people about the state of state must be arrested.
A major problem is coming to Uganda soon.
What irritates me is that anyone who tries to pronounce the current administration is viewed as a heretic so the people of Uganda should be suspended.
Many women journalists in Uganda have quit the media, especially those that criticize the government for the fear of being attacked and exploited by the regime.
News experts have pointed out that the government and security agencies call editors and order them not to publish information that gives the government a negative image.
These attacks are not reported by women as a result of the difficulty of understanding the real depth of the problem.
Remmy confiscated the Ugandan government at the Human Rights Commission of Uganda, but to this day nobody knows about his case.
The commission lacks the freedom to make decisions on the part of those who submit complaints against the government.
Seven of its delegates, including its chairman, are elected by the president, under the approval of the Parliament.
They are biased, Remmy said, adding: They have a pile of lawsuits, and most of the cases they want to hear are handed down by the government.
Most of the threats to female journalists online are closely related to the violence against them outside the internet.
Remmy believes that justice, status and status of women journalists should always be kept up because attacks against women are suppressing the media sector in general.
When Uganda prepares to make presidential and parliamentary elections in 2021, the attacks and authorization of female journalists and the government should be stopped because it affects the media, freedom of expression and the rights of Ugandans.
The press freedom remains that a child ignored in the country system, Remmy told Global Voices.
This post is part of a series called Identity Act: the platform for censorship of online threats against freedom of expression in Africa, the publication interviews with identification or discriminating against Ethiopian linguistic or geographic, perverse news and harasment (that about seven activists in Nigeria and African journalists): #
The project is financed by the African Digital Rights Fund for International ICT Policy Agency for East and Southern Africa (CIPESA).
The roots of trees sticking to the wall of the 15th century in Kilwa Island, Tanzania.
In 1981, the ruins of a vibrant Swahili sultan on the island were declared UNESCO World Heritage site.
Photo by David Stanley, January 1, 2017, CC BY 2.0.
Tip of editorial: This private post was written in response to a Twitter campaign organized by Global Voices Sub-Saharan Africa in collaboration with the Rising Voices Project every week, a different language activist shared his views on digital rights and African Languages as part of the project, Matri Tweets: Suppressing Africa's freedom of expression.
According to the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO), the diversity of language and culture has a positive impact on people around the world in an effort to strengthen the unity and unity of society.
This diversity of language and culture pushed the UNESCO's main conference to announce the International Mother Language Day (IMLD) in November 1999, the day that comes to mind on February 21 each year.
Strengthening IMLD, the United Nations (UN) announced the International Year of Indigenous Languages (IYIL 2019), to consider the dangers of genocide in the world.
Today, there are more than 7,100 languages spoken worldwide, 28 percent of them spoken in Africa alone.
Despite this, English leads online in the region.
Twenty years ago, 80 percent of the global content online was based on English.
Now, however, the English content is said to be declining at a rate of between 51 and 55 percent.
Heretic, so, is it: Does this decline indicate that people now prefer their native languages to English, considering that only less than 15 percent of the world's English-language population?
Swahili: The Future of a Seed?
Swahili is recognized as one of the official languages of the African Union (AU), besides English, Portuguese, French, Spanish and Arabic.
Swahili is also the most widely used language of all members of the eastern African community (EAC).
Rwanda, a member of the EAC, passed through its lower legislature, making Swahili an official language in 2017 by Kinyarwanda, French and English.
Despite the implementation of the regime, Swahili will be included in the country's educational course.
In Uganda, on September 2019, the government approved the establishment of the Swahili National Council.
Article 6 (2) of the Constitution of Uganda has also stated that Swahili will be the second official language in Uganda and will be used in an environment where the law will be ordered.
In 2018, South Africa, a country proud of 11 official languages, made Swahili a voluntary subject in its course, starting in 2020.
In 2019, Southern Africa Development Community (SADC) adopted Swahili as the fourth official language of the Community.
Swahili Network
Photo by Rachel Strohm, September 20, 2019, (CC BY-ND 2.0)
Despite being the most widely spoken African language, almost 150 million people are mainly in East Africa, the world's major lake zone in southern Somalia, and other regions of southern Africa, Swahili online scenarios are fiction.
John Walubengo, a lecturer at Kenya's Multimedia University, analyzes in his post in Nation, Kenya's daily newspaper, that the lack of language and culture on the internet is creating a society with little perspective on the world.
lubengo explains that many natural cultures end up surrendering their identity to the English-speaking conditions.
This sad reality can only be replaced if natural communities fight for online identification as well as abroad, she says.
But not all are disappointments.
There are a number of volunteer organizations in the front line to develop and develop Swahili online.
The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers
(ICANN), an international organization with many stakeholders coordinating the Digital Name System (DNS), the IP address and the number of independent systems, introduced the International Regional Names (IDNs), which enables people to use regional names in the language and texts.
These letters are then sung by the Unicode Centre and used as permitted by the IDN regions, a set of standards embedded by the Network Board (IAB), and its subsidies; the IETF Commission (ITR).
The Universal Acceptance Steering Group (UASG)
UASG is an ICANN-based society, which provides an online community for the next billion netizens.
Here is a success through a process known as World Agreement (UA), which ensures that programs and internet networks deal with all the regions of high levels (TLDs) and emails in strict terms with those in non- Latin texts and more than three letters.
UA serves netizens around the world in their native languages and in the names of regions that identify their culture.
Therefore, developing a multilingual network.
ICANNWiki
This non-profit organization, which provides a social media page on ICANN and Netizen Administration, has long collaborated with organizations, educational and private institutions in Kenya and Tanzania.
This has enabled East Africans to build, translate and enlarge Wiki's resources in their vision, language and attitude.
This Swahili project with whom I have been able to engage has blocked the information gap related to the Internet's administrative administration by completing the ICANNiki content to promote participation in targeted communities.
Localization Lab
Loizationcal Lab, is an international community of volunteers who are supporting translating and encroachment on guidelines for use and digital equipment such as TOR, Signal, OONI, Psiphon.
These technologies are promoting safety, privacy, and accessibility by ensuring that activists in local languages have access to information online.
Local Lab has translated more than 60 tools into 180 different languages across the world,
K removes Community Network (KCN)
KCN online for the first to experiment with Television Television Television Almaarufu TVWS, a non-connected technology that uses non-profit radio waves within 470 to 790 MHz to solve the challenge of online connectivity in Tanzania.
The KCN teaches villagers to create and become natives of natural content and its context.
Matogoro Jabhera, founder of KCN and co-founder at Dodoma University, Tanzania, told Global Voices via Skype Telephone, that he believes in nature provides more intimidation for people outside the Internet because they can understand their information [ roots compared to the current English-language situation.
The next billion users online
The world hopes to connect the next billion users online and 17 million of these users are estimated to be connected online using language as their digital identification
So the lack of natural content may have a huge impact if it considers digitalization.
Bayana, while affecting digital rights, access, access to online, access to information, and the right to use their native languages to create, participate, and distribute information and knowledge online.
So it is important to implement strategies that promote programs for TEHAMA and services, such as the use of natural languages, to ensure digitalization for all.
This move, with its supportive efforts such as the intelligence of learning and learning tools, and the plans to read and write in rural areas, can spark a digital revolution, thus promoting digital rights for netizens and blocking the digital division.
Eventually, the process will speed up protection, respect and development of all African languages and languages as agreed upon in the African Declaration of Internet Rights and Freedom.
Mantiki Identification Project has been financed by Africa's Digital Rights Fund run by International ICT Policy Agency for East and South Africa (CIPESA)
TEDGlobal Internet.
Creative Commons photo by Flickr user Erik (HASH) Hersman, June 3, 2007.
(CC BY 2.0)
Global Voices, through its Sub-Saharan Africa authors and the Rising Voices Project will conduct a Twitter campaign as part of a project known, Identity: The platform to regulate online threats against freedom of expression in Africa, from April 20 to May 22, 2020.
Read more: Identity MatrikiU': A new initiative to promote digital rights in Africa
As a continuation of journalism to Freedom: Politics and digital rights in Africa , this five-year campaign of social media encourages society will share a discussion organised by @GVSSAfrica as participants of the five African language activists, who will highlight the ratio of language and linguistic rights.
The project is funded by Africa's Digital Rights Cooperation for International ICT policies for East and South Africa (CIPESA).
Global Voices is one of the beneficiaries.
The activists will tweet in African languages such as Beambara, Igbo, Khoekhoe, Nuuu, Swahili, Belacean, Iconomic, as well as French and English.
They will also be able to share their personal experience and understanding with a language attitude about the challenges that threaten digital rights.
The conversation will question how the threat of online neutrality affects online content in African languages; the spread of perverse information in African languages and what is being done by companies or social organizations about this; the impact of low priceless online access in areas with major African language groups; the importance of African language and the challenges of getting a linguistic information.
They will also highlight the issues of corporate policies, as well as the ongoing challenges that can affect how citizens can express themselves in their language.
Meet the conductors of the debate on Twitter
This Twitter debate will be submitted by Denver Toroxa Breda (Khoekhoe/ki-Nu/Kiingereza) from Africa Kusza, Adé ya Kenyaínà Ghani Aymo/ki-Yorwahibá/ki-Ingerezareza) from Nigeria, Kgeria, Kpéna Traoré.
Some of the participants participated in @DigiAfricanLang's online campaign to mark the International Year of Natural Languages 2019.
April 20-24: Denver Toroxa Breda (@ToroxaD)
Denver Toroxa Breda.
Photo used with permission.
Breda, a Choean speaker, a Culturalist or an activist, is a writer fighting for the development of Khoekhoe and kinu, the first two languages in South Africa.
Kikhoekhoe is spoken in Namibia, read in schools, but South Africa, where the cause is, only 2,000 are speaking it, not officially recognized language, is not in school.
Kin|u has only one speaker, not the officially recognized language, and the schools, and the endangered language.
Kpénahi Traoré.
Photo used under permission.
April 27-May 1: Kpénahi Traoré (@kpenahiss)
Kpénahi Traoré was born in Côte d'Ivoire but his origin is Burkina Faso.
He is the chief editor of RFI mandenkan, a Bambara language newsroom with Radio France Internationale (RFI).
It has been a good experience for Traoré to work in Bambara.
Previously, he thought it would be impossible to make journalism in the Bambara language
Kisamogo is the mother tongue of Traoré, although she had a language called Kidioula in Côte d'Ivoire and Burkina Faso.
Mali are calling Kibambara, Guineans are calling it Malinke, others are calling it Mandingo.
May 5-8: Blossom O Visitmba (@blossomo visitedmba)
Blossom O Visitmba.
Photo used with permission.
O visitedmba is also known as Asampete, a name that can be translated from Igbo into Igbo
O visitedmba is pleased with the Igbo language and culture and has volunteered to make sure that a number of people learn to speak, write and read.
O visitedmba is the founder of the Wikimedia and occasionally starts a conversation about Wikimedia Foundation without pressuring.
He lives in Abuja, Nigeria, and loves the calm and tranquillity of the city aste.
May 11-15: Šòbá (@yobamoodua)
Adéąínà Ayąni.
Photo used with permission
Adéąínà Ayąni, also known as ́mćòbá, is a reporter and cultural activist who is using his press to promote care, and the distribution of a Yorąbá cultural heritage online and offline.
As a vocal artist, he has prepared a lot of Wayorąbá's broadcasts on Nigerian and TVC radio campaigns.
He is the founder of Yobamoodua's Cultural Heritage, a platform dedicated to spreading the Yorąbá language and culture.
‛òbá is also the manager of the Global Voices website Yorębá.
He is a Yorąbá teacher in tribalingua.com where he teaches students from faraway parts of the world.
He has also worked with Localization Lab, an international community of volunteer translators and netizens, computer software developers, and conformers who work together to translate and support digital security equipment and evacuation instruments.
‛òbá has written a book called: Ãyà Ara ądá рm ąnąyàn, a painting collection bearing the names of anatomy and the structure of the human body and vegetation that performs an astonishing work in every part of the body.
He is a researcher at Firebird Foundation for Anthropological Research.
May 18-22: Bonface Witaba (@bswitaba)
Bonface Witaba.
Photo used with permission.
Witaba the writer, the manufacturer of natural topics and activist, instructor, researcher, and policy adviser.
He is the founder of ICANNWiki Swahili, a web-based dictionary is to develop, translate, 10,000 articles and vocabularies of online administration to the Swahili language of 150 million Swahili speakers by
Likewise, Witaba is running a youth project that aims to build the capacity of students, scholars, and individuals in private sectors and; government, through the technical cords on the Internet administration.
Protesters demanding the removal of former president Robert Mugabe (which is now in power) from office on November 18, 2017.
Photo by Flickr user Zimbabwean-eyes (Huru applicable).
Early on the morning of November 15, 2017, Zimbabweans woke up with the widespread news that the former queer, deputy Robert Mugabe, had been detained in power in the government coup, and was in power in his residence, Ikulu, and his family.
General Sibusiso Heart, currently a foreign minister, announced on the national television that the president was safe under the government's protection and that the situation is at another level.
Immediately after the announcement of General Heart, Zimbabweans poured in with excitement on social media, particularly WhatsApp, Twitter and Facebook to find new information about the situation.
For the first time, new popularity of social media enabled the news and mobilisation of protests took root among Zimbabweans, as protesters came to the streets to help push for Mugabe's removal.
A new government, led by Emmerson Dambudzo Mnangagwa, would soon deny the power of social media.
As a former national security minister, Mnangawa also recognized the importance and opportunity to misinform information in Zimbabwe's political fields.
On March, 2018, recognizing and imposing political power in front of him and to ensure the victory in the presidential and parliamentary elections in the following year, Nangagwa ordered the unity of the young governing party ZANU PF (Zimbabwe National Union-Patrio Frotic) to explode in social media and attack the opposition.
In Zimbabwe after Mugabe, this initiative has reinforced the conflict of misinformation and misinformation, leaving thezimbabwes with only a few reliable sources of access to information and knowledge about the current transition and anti-government protests.
While the new government pretended to curse false information on social media reports and which they saw as a threat to the regime, it also perverted the public about how it dealt with anti-government protests.
Question for freedom of expression online
Zimbabwe has witnessed a significant increase in use of the internet on mobile phones and social media in the last few years.
The Internet spread rate increased by 41.1 percent, from 11 percent of the population to 52.1 percent between 2010 and 2018, while the circulation of mobile phones increased by 43.8 percent from 58.8 percent to 102.7 percent during the same period.
This means that half the population is now connected to the internet, compared to just 11 percent in 2010.
However, misrepresentation and misinformation of false information have found a sense of humor for several reasons: widespread media divisions, government proposals to regulate social media, inferior formal communication and poor education among netizens.
During the protests against the government in January 2019, when government security forces arrested and attacked hundreds of protesters, the news of the repression competed with the government's allegations that they were false news or when it completely refuted its existence.
The government blocked access to internet to disrupt the news flow and thus caused much controversy.
Government leaders and their supporters also used tactics to distort information about the protests and expose doubts in any previous guy information by labeling false news.
Usually, in Zimbabwe, citizens consider any information presented by government ministers as accurate.
For example, Deputy Minister Energy Mutodi came out to convince people that everything was good and that videos and photographs of soldiers who were patrolling the streets were made by a few guys.
Mutodi further corrupted the nation when he claimed that there was no Internet penetration but there was congestion on the internet.
In another case suspected of being a government- backed misinformation, millions of people were ousted on social media during the January protest.
Others unloaded the airborne service tools known as the Virtual Private Network (VPN) to continue to be fraudulent, yet the information was circulated that unloading such tools would lead to arrest, an increasingly frightening situation.
In March 2019, while the Human Rights Agency (HRW) tweeted a report condemning the use of horrific government violence to regulate the protests in January 2019, government supporters used Twitter to pollute and attack the HRW.
One user tweeted that the organization was spreading out outright lies and called it a colonial alliance with a job of pressuring innocent countries to justify impersonal goals in the United States.
Another referred to the government's allegations and complained that the violence was due to the hooligans who were trying [ to Thai defile the president .
And misinformation about government policies and other public interests has continued to overthrow after the January protest.
Recently, members of the ruling party ZANU PF used Twitter to mislead the public about the disappearance of Dr.Peter Magombey, who is President of the National Association of Physician Hospitals of Zimbabwe (ZHDA).
He was kidnapped on September 14, 2019, following the announcement of a strike in the health sector.
ZANU PF Secretary of Youths described Magombey as a fool and a nuisancer.
The ZANU PF Patriots account said that the reports of his abduction were false.
Others spread false claims that doctors killed many patients following the strike, including more than 500 people in one hospital.
Zimbabwe's historical dialogue
Zimbabwe's media regulation leads to 20th-center colonial policies, which were tainted by force to penetrate the political authorities.
The Ian Smith-led Rhodhesian government focused on propaganda and controlled information as its best weapon, not only the legitimacy of the government but also the disinformation of war.
The colonial government passed a large number of laws to suppress expression or opposition to Smith's racist policies and enforced these laws with extreme brutality to target the liberation leaders.
The media regulation was the norm before independence in 1980, and this situation set a government example in the case of communication policies and media administration over the years.
As journalist and prominent South African author Heidi Holland wrote in his book Dinner with Mugabe: The Untold Story of a Freedom Fighter Who Became a Tyrant:
Many people in ZANU PF have lived in the brutality woven in their daily lives to the point that it seems normal.
The forest war, or the Second Chimurenga war, has never been over in Zimbabwe.
Today, Mnangagwa is promoting this heritage, suppressing critics through online critics and online living.
This post is part of a series of publications that investigate the interference of digital rights through techniques such as internet shutdowns and misinformation during important political events in seven African countries: Algeria, Ethiopia, Mozambique, Nigeria, Tunisia, Uganda, and Zimbabwe.
The project is funded by the Africa Digital Rights Fund of The Collaboration on International ICT Policy for East and Southern Africa (CIPESA).
Protesters participating in Women's Protests in Kampala, Uganda.
Photo by Katumba Badru, used with permission.
In Uganda, the Internet has become a confrontation when the government tries to silence the growing voice of opposition online.
For many years, Ugandan authorities have used different tactics to suppress the opposition and restore the ruling National Resistance Movement and President Yoweri Museveni to power.
This includes blocking media sites, filtering text messages (SMS) and blocking social media platforms.
As the 2021 Ugandan general elections approach, administrative leaders are expected to develop similar tactics.
Prison during the 2016 elections
During the 2016 general elections, Ugandan leaders had to bind up all social media platforms twice.
The first imprisonment was implemented on February 18, 2016, during the presidential election Eve, and affected social media platforms and telecommunications services.
This restriction lasted for four days.
On May 11, 2016, social media platforms, including Facebook, WhatsApp and Twitter and mobile money services were shut down again.
The detention lasted a day and took place a day before President Museveni was sworn in his fifth term as president.
Museveni has been in power since 1986.
Opposition to his administration is strong: According to a referendum issued in April 2019, the number of Ugandans is against the 2017 decision to remove a 75-year-old model for presidential candidates, which would allow the 74-year-old president to re-election in 2021 elections.
During all the cases of imprisonment in 2016, the Ugandan government stated that the reason was national security to regulate the Internet.
Confusion was ordered by Ugandan security forces and the Uganda Communication Commission (UCC), which oversees the communication sector, online literature, broadcasting (word radio and television), a film clip, postal services, mail distribution and package.
On February 18, 2016, MTN Uganda, a telecommunications service provider, reported on Twitter confirming that the UCC had commissioned MTN to shut down all social media services and telecommunications services because of a security threat to the public.
The decree also affected other phone companies such as Airtel, Smile, Vodafone, and Africel.
On the same day, President Museveni told journalists that he ordered the closing of social media: Steps must be taken for safety to prevent many people from getting into trouble, it is only a matter of time because some people use them to tell lies, he said.
On March 17, in a formal statement during the Supreme Court decision where President Museveni's victory was challenged, executive director of the UCC, Godfrey Mutabazi explained that he received instructions from the Police Commissioner General, Old Kayihura, blocking social media sites and sending mobile money for security reasons.
This incarceration encroached on the rights and everyday life of Ugandans online and social media platforms to get news, express their opinions and do their daily business.
In the weeks before the 2016 elections, Ugandans volunteered to publish and discuss the elections with the #UgandaDecides and # UGDebate16.
The Ugandan online participation rate was fueled by the first presidential debate ever launched by TV, the first one that took place in January and the second, a week later.
Despite the closing of social media, many Ugandans continued to report on elections using the VPN personal Web address.
On election day, citizens were able to share what was rich about the delays of voting materials in remote stations, frauds in elections, and the temporary impact of social media.
Human rights activists say that strategic intelligence during elections reduces the speed of communication, only when access to information and citizen speech is very much needed.
Internet closing prevents people from talking about certain things that affect them, such as health, interaction with friends and exchanging political opinions, Moses Owiny, the Center for Multilateral Affairs, an independent policy analysis platform in Uganda and Tanzania, told Global Voices in an interview.
According to Owiny, the incarceration aims to prevent political opposition on the grounds of the government's fear that public opinion can incite the public, claims that he believes are unfounded but suspected.
Uganda's history of blocking online platforms and websites
On April 14, 2011, the UCC ordered Internet Service Services (ISPs) to shut down on Facebook and Twitter for 24 hours to eradicate links and exchanges.
The order was issued during the protests by the opposition walk to work following the rising cost of fuel and food.
The communication administration said that security forces requested imprisonment for social media to prevent violence.
In 2011, elections were racked by SMS text messages including Egypt, bullet and power.
Toward the 2006 general elections, the UCC ordered Internet Service Services (ISPs) to prevent access to the Radio Katwe website by publishing fake and fake news against the ruling National Resistance Movement and its presidential candidate, according to the 2015 ColEboran policy on International IV.
The Ugandan authorities blocked access to the radio station and the Daily Monitor for publishing free election results.
These platforms were quickly restored but only after the electoral commission announced the official results.
2021 elections: the same techniques?
President Museveni in May 2013.
He has been in power since 1986.
Photo: Foreign and Commonwealth Office on Flickr [C BY 2.0ą.Tangu in 2016, the regime has continued to arrest opposition politicians and journalists.
Robert Kyagulanyi, as Bobi Wine, a singer and leader of the opposition People Power party, who is also a member of parliament, has already announced his appeal to the presidency.
Bobi Wine is currently facing criminal charges for harassing the president and if he is found guilty, he will not be allowed to intercede.
According to Human Rights Watch, in 2018 the administration targeted six opposition legislators including Bobi Wine and Francis Zaake, before the 15th August elections in Arua (
Police and army arrested the group and 28 others on August 13, 2018, and charged them with treason.
Later they were released on bail.
On the same day, the police also arrested two journalists, Herber Zziwa and Ronald Muwanga, while reporting on elections and the violence related to the elections, including the horrific shootings of Bobi Wine's military driver.
Read more: #FreeBobiWine: Protests mount over torture and arrest of a young political force in Uganda
As the 2021 elections approach, it is more likely that the Ugandan regime will promote the suppression of the opposition, including the blocking of social media.
In fact, since the 2016 elections, there have been no changes in the legal system that allows the government to restrict the right to freedom of expression and access to information online.
According to 2016 State of Internet Freedom in Africa report, the 2013 Communications Act provides more energy for the UCCC and works under Article 5 which allows a communication controller to monitor, monitor, provide a license, regulate, and regulate communications services and regulate standards, monitor, monitor, and enforce information barriers.
With a government request, the UCC used this section to order Internet Service Services (ISPs) to restrict access to social media and phone services during the 2016 elections.
The government continues to use these regulations to regulate public debate and silence political opponents, especially during the elections.
Owiny argues that the government has the ability to shut down the internet whenever it seems that this is important: Where government security and that of its citizens interact, and when government security is threatened, government security and its healing will be given priority.
Non-government NGOs and human rights advocates have been preparing in Uganda to bail like the one in 2016 does not happen again.
Several organizations wrote a joint letter to the African Community and organisations asking them to condemn the Ugandan administration's decision to block access to the internet during the 2016 elections.
Unwanted Witness Uganda took the Ugandan government to court, as well as internet operators (ISPs) and communication controller (UCC), in a case filed in September 2016.
The organisation showed that the government's planned internet shutdown violated the rights of Ugandans of free speech and expression as explained in the rules of Article 29 (1) of the 1995 constitution.
However, the judge ruled that the charges failed to prove any violations due to the imprisonment, Unwanted Witness told Global Voices.
Successfully enduring the arrival of the Internet during the upcoming elections will require further advocacy.
Owiny proposed the need for private rights activists to increase the conversation between governments and private sectors to present the serious consequences of imprisonment because private sectors are feared by the government.
Uganda was one of the first countries in Africa to legislate the right to public information, known as Access to Information Act (ATIA), in 2005.
The law promises to promote prosperity, efficiency, transparency and accountability that will enable the public to access easily and participate in decisions that affect them as citizens of the country.
Will the government fulfill its responsibility to raise the right to report?
And will they keep his word?
This post is part of a series of publications that investigate the interference of digital rights through techniques such as Internet imprisonment and misinformation during important political events in seven African countries: Algeria, eEthiopia, Mozambique, Nigeria, Tunisia, Uganda, and Zimbabwe.
The project is funded by the Africa Digital Rights Fund of The Collaboration on International ICT Policy for East and Southern Africa (CIPESA).
Students from the DCMA School rehearsing various musical instruments at Old Customs, Old Town, Zanzibar, 2019.
Photo by DCMA.
Thousands of visitors to the Old Town, Zanzibar, an ancient city known to carry the great history of the archipelago, follows the sound of a musical sound from DCMA, a music school aimed at broadcasting and maintaining the rock music that is known to be its roots in the islands and other regions of the Indian Ocean.
Since 2002, the school has been broadcasting and caring for Zanzibar's unique culture that confuses Arab, Indian and African culture through music.
Seventeen years since the establishment of the school, it is now obviously facing a financial crisis threatening his imprisonment.
About 70 percent of the school students in school are unable to pay the school fees, which amounts to $13 per month, according to DCMA's official report to the public.
Although the school has been receiving aid from international sponsors and friendly organizations, it is currently coping with a huge vacuum that could force it to close its belongings and leave the historic Palace in Zanzibar, Old Customs House.
Without acquiring immediate funds to continue, students and DCMA teachers are worried that the sounds used to roll out of the building's suburbs and make the islands entertain the arts can cease.
The school is not only teaching and promoting natural culture and heritage through music, but it is also occupied by a large group of young musicians seeking alternatives to spend their lives using art.
A DCMA student learns to play a rhythmic instrument.
Photo by DCMA.
We started to deal with the financial crisis, says Alessia Lombardo, the Executive Director of DCMA, in the official DCMA video.
From now to the next six months, we are not sure we can be able to pay salaries to teachers and other employees.
Currently, 19 cartoon teachers and a few other employees have not been paid for more than six months because the school has been concerned about getting help from friends at the same time trying to develop a sustainable income system for the school’s evacuation.
Although the islands are known to attract many tourists the advice of beaches and high-profile hotels, many locals suffer from extreme unemployment despite statistics released by the World Bank show that poverty has declined a bit in the island.
For more than 17 years, the DCMA has worked tirelessly to announce and protect Zanzibar’s massive heritage through music.
It is where she was born a microblogging star and famous singers Siti Binti Saad and Fatuma Daughter Barak, or Mrs.
Kidude, Zanzibar is a virtual coalition of music that emerged through a cultural mixture and interaction between the Swahili people of the Coast for the past hundreds of years.
Today, students can learn natural music like the lamprab, the drum and the guumbak, as well as other instruments like drums, qanun and oud, like guards and translators of culture and tradition.
Neema Surri, a violinist at school in DCMA, has been learning how to play the instrument since the age of 9.
I know many young people who wish to learn music but cannot afford a small fee with poverty and unemployment, Surri said in a DCMA video.
DCMA students training at the Old Customs Hall, where their school, Old Town, Zanzibar, 2019.
Photo by DCMA.
After completing the DCMA workshops, Astashahada and Stashahada kozi, many DCMA students may work on international platforms as bands for winning awards by independent artists.
Mzanzibar Amina Omar Juma, a former DCMA student and current DCMA teacher, recently returned from a visit to South Africa with his acclaimed band Siti and Bendi Yake, known for joining the roots by mixing the sounds of natural lighthouses and the sounds of modern moderation.
Also, in collaboration with his colleagues, who are former DCMA students, released the first documentary, Fusing the Roots, in 2018, still performing on the Voice of Busara, the largest music concert in East Africa, that year.
Here you can listen to the Bendi's song Ni Understand and his video, showing Zanzibar's beacon to tell the story of a woman struggling with domestic violence and musical dreams, as is Omar Juma's personal story:
Read more: East African Women on Music's Tasnia Sings to Resist Male Control
History of Culture and cooperation
More than 15,000 visitors have been through the school's building to enjoy the showy displays, workshops and classes and meet with DCMA musicians representing the future of Zanzibar’s culture and heritage, according to DCMA.
With the historical spectacles of India, the Urabuni and Africa, the school enjoys being the results of cultural diversity, with culture connected to the Indian Ocean by the Persian Gulf.
Sultan of Omani, a prominent king of the 17th and 19th centuries, moved from Muscat to Zanzibar in 1840.
From Old City, Omani rulers operated a sea trading, including cloves, gold, clothing, and windswept voyages between the Indian Ocean to Oman and East Africa.
The youth of Zanzibar are aware of the importance of understanding their history to determine whether their future and the music they make today expresses the desire to set a bridge between the past and the latest.
Recently DCMA students and their teachers started in TaraJazz, a combination of natural lights and modern jazz.
His musician, Felician Mussa, 20, has been learning to play violin for three and a half years; TaraJazz is one of the most sought after bands on the island, here trapped by photographer Aline Coquelle:
The Swahili Coast tells the story of a mixture of culture and the DCMA is promoting this culture through musical collaboration.
Each year, the school organizes a project called Swahili Encounters, a Swahili conference that converges well-known African musicians, the Middle East, Europe and North America and students of DCMA for real concerts in one week.
At the end of the conference, new teams of congregated artists are required to perform a series on the Voices of Busara, and these teams often live in enduring friendships across language and culture, proving that music is the language of the world.
DCMA provides a weekly show for the talents of its students and friends who visit the musicians, Old Town, Zanzibar, 2019.
Photo by DCMA.
The DCMA school recognizes that music elevates and connects people regardless of their cultures and also employs young people with talents living in a society without a good economy and a lot of job opportunities.
With the number of 1,800 students who passed through the DCMA training, this school is the only musical home they know, where they can learn and grow as musicians and artists.
A traveler from Spain, who recently visited DCMA school, wrote on TripAdvisor: Personally, meeting with musicians was my best time in the islands.
As the tourism sector Zanzibar grows fast, the DCMA school believes that music plays an important role in celebrating, caring for and promoting Swahili culture, its heritage and its history.
Zanzibar is more than the beaches and its luxurious hotels are part of the boom that sprouts in the great history of the convention and the combination of history.
Editor's appendix: The author of this post has volunteered to the DCMA school.
Sierra Leone: Health care providers preparing to enter the Ebola treatment center.
Flickr image by EC/ECHO/Cyprien Fabre, August 2, 2014.
(CC BY-NC-ND 2.0)
Earlier on August 12, the World Health Organization (WHO) released a positive report on the development of a medical practitioner of experimental drugs to treat Ebola in the Democratic Republic of Congo (Congo).
WHO noted that tested ebola drugs have shown positive results that will lead to the survival of Ebola patients, adding that two of the four tested drugs have demonstrated the potential for Ebola.
Who is responsible for this Ebola treatment?
Honorable Professor Jean-Jacques Muyembe-Tamfum, Institut National de Recherche Biomédicale (INRB) DR of Congo, invested most of his life in seeking a cure for the Ebola virus.
While international media are reporting largely on how Ebola is leading to the death toll in Congo, news about the scientist is being discussed in a limited way by the media.
Muyembe-Tamfum explained : that we will no longer say Ebola (EVD) is incurable.
As a result of Muyembe-Tamfum's work, scientists experimented with four Ebola medications: ZMapp, remdesir, mAb14 and REGN-EB3.
The response to the medical conducted experiments of 499 members of the research showed that patients treated with REGN-EB3 or mAb14 showed a lot of healing compared to those treated with two other drugs.
This research took place under the supervision of the Institut National de Recherche Biomédicale (INRB), the Congo Department of Health and three other health - care organizations: the International Health Organization (ALIMA), the International Medical Corps (IMC) and Médeci in SannssronMès (A).
Congolese Congolese involved in Ebola's
Muyembe-Tamfum has been doing research on Ebola’s disease since the first reported cases in Congo where in 1976 he was the first researcher to visit the Ebola in four-term Congo, I spent four decades searching for medical treatment for the Ebolamese disease, the
Dr Jean-Jacques Muyembe, Director General of Institut National de Recherche Biomedicale of the Democratic Republic of #Congo and his colleagues have discovered a new cure for Ebola syndrome that can cure symptoms in just three hours.
A professor of technologies at the University of Kinshasa- Democratic Republic of Congo has currently spent almost 40 years seeking treatment for the disease.
In 1995, he worked with WHO for the implementation of he worked with WHO in implementing tactics to deal with the disease after the first reported Ebola patients in Kikwit, Democratic Republic of Congo.
Professor Muyembe-Tamfum (including a loudspeaker) speaking during a social education program in Beni, North Kivu, Democratic Republic of Congo, in early September 2018.
Photo by MONUSCO/Aqueel Khan (CC BY-SA 2.0)
Following this discovery, the victims of Ebola are currently optimistic about receiving immediate medical attention and thus being sent to the hospital for more treatment still alive.
With 90 percent of the patients will be accessed to health centers and receive medical treatment and return in full bloom, put faith in the medicine and build faith in their communities and citizens in general.
Jean-Jacque Muyembe-Tamfum
Reasons for Ebola treatment
Ebola's first patients are reported in 1976 near the Ebola River in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
According to the Center for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), since then the Ebola virus has been emerging from natural sources (which has not yet been known) and has sent people to Africa to the disease.
The events of the Ebola epidemic since 1976.
Photograph from the Magojwal Station
Between 2014 and 2016 were reported over 28,600 people infected with Ebola West Africa.
According to WHO's 2015 report:
In 2014 Senegal had one case of Ebola's infections and without reported death.
WHO announced that Nigeria's move to combat the Ebola virus as part of a massive campaign against a rapidly spreading deadly disease.
In January 2015, Mali reportedly had 8 Ebola patients and 6 deaths.
However, the situation was serious between March and June2016 in three countries: In Sierra Leone: more than 14,000 people suffered from Ebola and 4,000 deaths; Liberia: almost 10,000 were ill and 3,000 died.Guinea: 3,800 patients and 2,500 deaths.
An overview of Ebola International
The devastating Ebola syndrome in African countries caused panic and panic in 2015 when two Ebola patients were reported dead in the United States, one in Spain and another in Germany.
GabyFleur Böl, a researcher at the Institute for Crisis in Berlin, Germany, reported other reports by Ebola patients in Spain, Germany, Italy and Switzerland.
At the time, Ebola's infections were considered a death sentence due to a lack of effective medical care.
As Böl previously said, the high rate of deaths from Ebola and / > sometimes misleading news reports about Ebola contributed to global fear.
Similar reports were also compiled by 2017 a study by Hal Roberts, Brittany Seymour, Sands Alden Fish II, Emily Robinson and Ethan Zuckerman analyzed more than 109,000 posts published in major media and blogs in the United States between July and November 2014, the echoing of Ejbola news.
They discovered three main times about the news of Ebola in major news outlets and blogs in the US on July 27, September 28, and October 15 in 2014:
On July 27, it was first reported that Liberian medical personnel were infected with Ebola.
On 30th of September, the media coverage of Thomas Duncan's Ebola syndrome in Texas and the first time it was reported in the U.S.
On October 12, the reports of Ebola’s patient, who is a health care provider, were active in the US.
After 12 October, another Ebola crisis was reported on a series of recessions that led to its disappearance from day to day.
Possibly, US media has reported a lot about Ebola's disease because of the country's chronicle.
Also, as a result of the easy access to social media, Ebola has become a hotbed in European and US media.
However, what is awaited is to see if reports of an Ebola diagnosed by an African from the Democratic Republic of Congo that treats this African disease will be given access to the media as in 2017.
Erick Kabendera training journalists in 2012, Dare s salaam.
Photo by Pernille Baerendtsen, used with permission
On July 29, 6 soldiers arrested Erick Kabendera at his home in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania, and detained him.
Police say Kabendera has defied the order to surrender himself for investigation of his citizenship as a Tanzanian.
Throughout the last week the police searched the cabbage house twice, confiscated his travel document, his other personal documents and questioned his family.
On 5 August, the authorities changed the case, Kabandera was charged with funding charges, evading the amount of US$75,000, and engaging in criminal activity. This is according to a document of charges against the Journalists' Defense Agency (CPJ).
Police say Kabendera has committed this crime in four years since 2015.
In charges against Kabendera he can be confronted with a 15-year sentence in jail and he is not allowed to bail.
Tanzanian Magufuli
They first captured the journalist, when they saw noisy, they claimed it is not Tanzanian, and it has been without attacks, he is now charged with criminal netizens and avoided paying taxes.
Kutanana and Erick Kabendera, his case is to be a journalist.
Media freedom has significantly deteriorated within the Tanzanian period Magufuli reported by CPJ.
Representative of the Institute for Journalists (CPJ) in sub-Saharan Africa, Muthoka Mumo says:
It seems that over the past week authorities have been looking for ways to prove his reasons for detention, this free journalist and critic.
They first claimed that Erick Kabendera's citizenship is not high, today they have added a very different charge, which makes us wonder why they want to hold him.
As journalist Kabendera has been criticizing President John Magufuli's regime and has often been in charge of press freedom.
He has reported on local and international media such as The Guardian, African Arguments and The East African about Tanzanian politics and how it divides people.
According to Kabendera's lawyer JJebra Kambole, who is attorney for Kabendera also accused Kabendera of sedition against the government through a post published in The Economist, entitled John Magufuli suppressing Tanzanian press freedom.
The news that came up to me soon: journalist Erick Kabendera has been charged with seditional remarks against the government for an article published in The economist, which says John Magufuli suppresses Tanzanian press freedom of speech from Zebra Kambole says that Mr Kabender has been deprived.
Civilization has been made a silence tool
The cabbage family says, this is not the first time the government asks about kabendera citizenship.
In 2013 the government also filed a similar charge but the case was later canceled, according to The Citizen.
Kabendera at the time saw that authorities wanted to use the issue of considering his citizenship as a way to silence him.
Last year, The Citizen also reported a number of cases that the government used to question citizenship with a tool to silence criticism in Tanzania.
Aidan Eyakuze, executive director of We Can, a civil society, focused on the voices of the Nanchi, said the authorities have taken away his travel document and were refused to travel while his citizenship investigation was underway.
Two weeks before the incident, we can report the results of a study called Telling the Truth to the Responsible?
Public opinion on Tanzanian politics
The science and technology Commission (Costech) alleged that the study was unacceptable and threatened to take legal action but later the case was canceled, according to The Citizen's newspaper article.
In recent years Tanzania has brought numerous amendments to bloggers and media laws, civil society organisations, art and culture and as well as professionals and researchers to the action of criticising the government as an attempt to censor information from Tanzania and to discriminate against free speech and political rights.
Read more: Will Tanzanian Bloggers Adjust to Pay or Go On Blog Taxing?
#FreeErickKabendera
Hundreds of journalists, human rights activists, concerned leaders are busy on social networks calling for the release of Kabendera:
AFEX Africa calls the prosecution a clear intention of violence
It is nine days now and Tanzanian police are still detaining journalist Erick Kabendera under investigation @AFEXafrica saying there is a need for an end to this blatant act of force.
https://t.co/7UFZkzYzwV @MRA_Nigeria @FXISouthAfrica @gmpressunion #FreeErickKabendera #Nompunity
AFEX (@AFEXafrica) August 6, 2019
Kabendera, who has often taught and encouraged young journalists, has made a student to post this message from Twitter:
I met Erick Kabendera only once in my life, and in less than 80 minutes.
He came as an instructor who was invited to come to teach us (the school of journalism and communication to the public – @UniofDar).
But despite being with us for a short time, I learned a lot from him.
He really encouraged me
#100K4Erick
Another netizen thinks the arrest of Kabendera and the fraud is a warning signal for other citizens:
SIMTEI Kabendera Because it's Tanzanian Au Tanzanian Journalist NAMTEA because I live in Erick
Unless Justice Has Happened Today and I Keep quiet, It Can Not Happen to My VileVile.
No One Is Safe When Violence Rules
I and I (Wote) are Ivan Golunov.
Flag by Meduza, used with permission
: The Russian-language explanation is the amount of boiling that is sufficient may be a good way to communicate how the number of Russians were affected and the arrest of Ivan Golunov, a well-known observer.
He was arrested on June 6 on what appears to be a criminal charge of involvement with drugs.
Golunov was arrested and rejected by a lawyer which is contrary to Russian law.
His lawyer confirmed his agony in prison .
After being taken to the hospital he was allowed and put on a special hammer on June 8.
Russian soldiers originally shared images of suspected drug laboratories in Golunov's gory but were later removed.
The pro-Kremlin news channel in Russia has also confirmed that the images were not taken on Golunov's Gorofa.
Golunov's trial may lead him to 10 to 20 years in prison.
36-year-old Golunov works in Meduza, one of the few online independent societies using the Russian language remaining in Russia.
Meduza was registered in neighboring Latvia, but it has a few offices and journalists in Russia .
Golunov has spearheaded a study of several corruption incidents involving high-ranking leaders.
Since Golunov was arrested, Meduza has been providing Golunov's articles under the creative commons license and has inspired the press and private individuals to re-built the news, which has been strongly supported by Global Voices.
Among the most important stories he published was that Vice-President Meya Pyotr Biryukov passed projects for his family and how a project to make moscow a fascinating city with a budget beyond estimates.
The information she was dealing with before she was arrested was about funeral services in Moscow.
Golunov's arrest has triggered scandals that were rare among journalists, activists and lawyers and even popular singers and celebrities outside Mscow and Petersburg Saint.
On June 10, three main newspapers agreed to publish Golunov versions on the front page.
Newspapers were sold and updated.
In an unusual case, pro-Kremlin and Channel One, with many Tanzanians, are asking for a fair investigation.
June 12 will be Russia's day, during which public demonstrations and demonstrations allowed by local governments will take place.
For Russian laws, public demonstrations need permission.
Golunov supporters have announced that they will have their own tour without official permission.
Kremlin observers say the Russian government is watching to remove charges against the journalist before June 20.
The day President Vladimir Putin, whose standards have dropped in history, will be speaking to the phone directly during a public talk period in the year when he receives questions from the public on the phone and social media.
Kenyan journalist Binyavanga Wainaina at the Brooklyn Book celebration, 2009.
Wainaina, who was 48 years old, died on Tuesday on May 22 in Nairobi, Kenya.
Photo by Nightscream, CC 3.0 and Wikimedia Commons.
Only 24 hours since Binyavanga Waina Mwandish Mkenya disappeared in this world, but its impact continues to roll worldwide.
In fact, a transparent journalist blamed the alliances and challenged the government's provocation of revolutionary writing that would open the door to thousands of writers who wish to change in writing and explain what Africa is like.
The author, teacher and activist of LGBTQ, 48-year-old Binyavanga Waina, died on Tuesday, 22 May, Nairobi, Kenya, after a brief illness.
Today I thought: What will your life be like when it leaves?
Binyavanga's death has made me think about what I was five or so years ago and what he was like to us as a young man with a sense of enthusiasm and hunger for change on our continent and ours too.
Fungai Machirori (@fungaijustbeing) May 22, 2019
For a few minutes, friends, supporters and supporters of the Ainanina were flooded on social networks exchanging memories and gratitude and discussing many of his most interesting texts
Wainaina is famous for her provocative articles, How to write about Africa, published in the 2006 newspaper.
He is also known for his 2012 diary, one day I will write about this, and Mother's article, I am a shirt, published in Chimurenga, as well as Africa is a Country published in 2014.
The post was particularly uplifting on Twitter because people tried to show the truth with newspapers calling Wainaina one of the 100 greatest persuasions in the world
In an article on How to describe Africa, Waina called the western media and the industrial aid of all in Nairobi to promote unwholesome discrimination over the African continent through mockery and sarcasm.
Do not try to put a good African picture on the cover of a book or within it unless the African wins the Nobel Prize.
Guns, AK-47, good lips, breasts: use this.
If you have to include an African, make sure you get from Masai or Zulu or Dogon.
His category was a very harsh Kisu, writes Nigerian author Nwachukwu Egbunike.
His post or book widely quoted by professionals, NGOs and relief workers has had a profound impact on African awareness and the results continue to spin, shock and anger.
As for the results, journalist Pernille Bærendtsen writes:
For me, the post has followed me since I was brought as a gift in 2008 by my Kenyan friend.
I am certainly one of those addressed by Binyavanga: A development worker employed in Tanzania and a non-government Danish organization wrote about the outcome of the post.
It was as the development and industrial aid increased its effectiveness in order to secure the emerging cost change.
I had many reasons to feel ashamed, but I also had time to plan how to change.
Binyavanga later described in Bidoun's magazine how this article came about only in life and two effects: Describing the dangers to beekeepers, employees of non-governmental organizations, mosques, conservationists, students and writers who are reading these instructions or even how not to write about Africa, begin to ask for its permission.
Waina was the youngest son of a Kenyan father and a Ugandan mother, who continued to question the fraud described in Africa, particularly through the anniversary of her life that rumbled in 2012 known as one day I will write about this place.
With a kemkem report, it attracted readers from his early 1970s in Kenya and a student student in South Africa where he spent many years in exile.
The criticism praised the book as authentic and true, but later Waina admitted that she had forgotten an important chapter of her life’s love.
Mum, I am a coward, Wainaina was the first high-profile and transparent on social media, raising lesbian opinions from the community.
It looked like a lost face in the memory of her life.
Waina saw her say she was a coward for her mom she was dying.
His post was timely as a campaign against a massive rally against homosexuality and law against homosexuality in Uganda and later in Tanzania where homosexual acts are criminal.
Read more: Tanzania's position on homosexuality extinguishing political agenda
However, unlike other exiled journalists, Waina returned home as Nanjala Nyabola explains BBC on Twitter, saying it was important:
For those of us who grew up with well-known female exile writers, imprisoned, poor or less commended or severely rejected, he returned home and that was very important .
He was an uncomfortable man but always deserves thanks.
We need to speak our thoughts
When Binyavanga was truly loved by various international groups, he criticized and faced the pressure of inadequacy on the foundations.
Binyavanga demanded an opportunity for freedom of speech and thought
Courageously in a community that LGBTQ enriched on the twisting of those foundations
In response to the noise and other responses, Waina wrote in the same year that we should speak our thoughts, in Yuotube as a message of six successive parts carrying his thoughts on freedom and thought.
I need to live a life of freedom of thought, he explained in the first place.
I am asking this generation of young parents to have young people seeing Africans covering their own stories this simple act is an important political act everyone should have.
I owe it to the land where all kinds of thoughts are not wanted until they are allowed.
I am an African of all Africans, I need to see this continent changing.
Wainaina occasionally passed her enthusiasm through her journalism, education and leadership.
In 2002, after winning Caine's best award for her homemaker, she used the award to share in starting Why?
The newspaper aims to promote new voices and ideas emerging across the continent.
Why?
went on for a while, published and online, connecting journalists from Lagos to Nairobi, Mogadishu to Accra.
Read more: We work to prevent explosions': a word for discussion in East Africa
While he mercilessly shaken Kenyan social contracts publicly presented himself as a coward and later exposed him to HIV via Twitter on AIDS in 2016 it often brought pain, fighting it of cameten with backlash, struggle and pain.
Waina was a controversial man who struggled with pressure and often fought intensely because he became a celebrity of the cowardice seemed to be his sophisticated role in society as a person of the people.
He had fans but was confronted with criticism from the famous journalist Shailja Patel, who shocked theinainas to be a poisonous person to hate homosexuals.
Twitter user Néo Músangi shares Waina's shortcomings on Twitter:
I don't have enough energy but I cry to Binya as my friend in my foreign advocacy and advocacy.
I'm sorry she hurt others.
I'm sorry that he made a mistake as a human.
He would hate us to cleanse him.
Writer Bwesigye Mwsigire, director of Writivism Festival in Uganda, also described the controversy on Facebook:
His lifestyle was a problem.
Good and wrong.
The people we hold for work and their ideas are just people.
It is a human.
Are we ever ready to love in their complexity?
Currently, much has been discussed about him.
there is no need to repeat what was said.
People have reminded him of the pain.
This he does not take the pain he hears for his death.
There is only one Chiina Binyavanga.
He is cool for now.
Let's celebrate his life.
The talent of curiosity
Kenyan activist Boniface Mwangi posts on Twitter after posting a message of praise to theina on Facebook; hate and homosexual comments followed his message.
Wainaina was a talented curious man who should be remembered:
I sent a short message via Facebook about the death of Binyavanga, #RIPBinyavanga had a negative and embarrassing opinion I have never read.
Even thieves who rob us of taxes and kill people do not get as much hatred.
The truth is, Binya was intelligent and curious and will continue to be read and remembered
Ugandan femist and writer Rosebell Kagumire summed up what he learned from the brazen bravery of open words:
Do not let fear.
Do not hold back from yourselves.
Add to what is required to be said.
Writing.
Live by yourself and with your heart.
Where you breathe your last breath will there be a million very meaningful words you gave to Binyavanga
Through his life and writings, he gave others permission to see life other, and his sudden death signals poetry Through his life and letter and he gave himlfse and countless others permission to smoke it as well as otherwise, and his suddening inspired inspired musings:
One day I will write about your beautiful hair
One day I will write about your laughter
One day I will write about your disapproval
One day I will write about your thinking ability
One day I will write about your refusal
Today I am writing thank you
Kenyan Yvonne Adhiambo Owuor, a journalist and author of Dust, and actually a friend of theinas, concludes with a final mourning:
Who told you to leave?
from your body at night without leaving a new account?
The face stoops, the eyes burn, he said, You have only 3 seconds to modify you there.
Whom did you tell you to leave?
From your body without leaving a new account?
Whom can one go with fear and trembling as a trial writing?
Now he is one of the most famous, you can join the Binya planet with a huge sculpture of his work.
A front page of de Angola's newspaper about the winning designs of the Telstar company.
Battered by Dércio Tsandzana, April 19, 2019 and authorized
Angolan President João Lourenço on April 18 followed the government's invention for a mobile operator in the country, saying that the winner of the Telstar does not sanction the necessary regulations to provide the service.
The president's decisions can show division in the Angolan government.
The Telstar company was established in January 2018 with the first 200,000 capital (as 600 USD), and its largest stakeholders are Manuel João Carneiro ( 90 percent) and businessman António Cardoso Mateus (10 percent), a report from the Portuguese Observador.
According to Angolan news, the victory of Manuel João Carneiro was issued by the late President Eduardo dos Santos.
Observador reported that 27 companies participated in the process of inventions was opened by the Ministry of Information and Technology under José Carvalho da Rocha.
According to the Angolan newspaper on April 25, João Lourenço signed procedures that enacted new laws for the opening of an innovative invitation.
After the initial creative results were publicized, many Angolans questioned the rights of the process.
Others went as far as saying that the winner Telstar has never had a website.
This was said by Skit Van Darken, a Facebook editor and conductor:
Telstar Telecommunications, Ltd, was founded on January 26, 2018, by the First 200,000 residents from the Diário da República newspaper, whose players are the general Manuel João Carneiro (99 percent) and António Cardosoteus Mateus (10 percent).
The main stakeholder is connected to Mundo Startel, a well-safe, registered in INACOM, a communication controller with a license though it has passed the time.
a company that doesn't even have a website!
I DON'T DO NOT DEVELOP THAT WAS OTHERS
COUNTRY THIS IS
Meanwhile, Joaquim Lunda, a regular journalist and broadcaster on social media, praised the President's action and I even came to the fact that the minister who was responsible ran the risk of being expelled from this failure:
Nin thanks and commendation, the decisions taken by the President of the Republic, João Lourenço, the cancellation of the government that the Angolan company Telstar won the licence for the fourth telecommunications telecommunications opera in Angola.
there were many people dissatisfied with the many important things to expose the bans There were many reservations and a lot of points of clarify around the issue.
No one sees a company that was created in 2018 by the First 200 thousand villages, given a creator award.
I am absolutely sure that the days of the Minister of Information and information technology are numbered.
Having succumbed to ANGOSAT 1, now and what we are witnessing today, I'm worried if fear does anything.
Let's enjoy the game quietly!!
The president's decision came after the same minister who led in 2017, a satellite project, Angosat I, comes into trouble again.
Adriano Sapiñala, vice-president of the main opposition party, notes the problem highlights the tension in the government:
JLo [João Lourenço Since the hapless minister was saying that the time of the complaint was over and that Telstar would continue the next step as a result of being the winner of a fraud and that JLo is emerging and erasing!
Communication isn't good?
Now maybe the minister should or JLo be expelling him because if he has deleted his designs it is because his process was not good and that no clean person must be responsible!!
Blanka Nagy speaking in a January 2019 protest.
Photo by Márk Tremmel, CC BY-NC-SA 2.5.
This story was written by Tamás B. Kovács and translated by Anita Kąmčves for the non-profit Hungary Magazine, Atlatszo.
This edited edition is available here as a cohesive sehemh for its collaboration with Global Voices.
The media supporting the Hungary government has launched a new attack on Blanka Nagy, a high school student who spoke against the government in several protests since the end of 2018.
Nagy endures a lot of criticism against him and has also been sexually harassed and one source has called him a prostitute.
He has already filed a case of harassment and won a case against three vessels Lokàl, Ripost and Origo that support the government, saying he was paying for school.
However, after Nady won the case against Origo, the source attacked her again by publishing her school report.
Nady told Atlatszo he was considering suing Origo again because of their updates.
Blanka Nagy has been popular in Hungary in the winter after he gave a speech in an anti-government protest, where he criticized prominent politicians, using strong language.
His harsh words were shared by social media users via video of his speech.
Two months after his video attracted attention to social media, supporters and scholars such as Zsolt Bayer launched a series of attacks against him.
They said she was paying a lot of her studies and had missed many days of schooling.
They also called the giftless one who wants to be popular with the prostitute.
His attorney handed a copy of the results in the court and showed that he was not paying for his studies as well as copies of the results were handed to Origo's lawyers.
The news source decided to publish a report from Nagy's results and said he was near the end of the history lesson last year and he is also in a fiction for other studies too.
When #Vyombombo CongressionalHungary lies about young protester Blanka Nagy, he has accused her of blasphemy and won.
They have been asked to apologize and rectify their information but have refused and remained defamed.
TV2 TV2 television station set aside time for defamation of the results, mentioning copies taken to court but not saying what the verdict was https://t.co/MyllWb2Jwh
Joost (@almodozo) April 5, 2019
My lawyer and I are thinking of denouncing a source of information that published a copy of my results from school, Nagy told Atlatszo in an interview.
He said that Origo had no right to publish the results.
He and his attorney think that Origo had no right to see the outcome when they represented it in court.
And their latest accusations aren't true, Nady said.
I do not die my history lesson, unlike what they have said.
I have good results with more than 2 (which is the same as the bridge C).
What they say is false.
I would be embarrassed if it were true because in my family there was a History teacher among my ancestors, he said.
I suppose all these insults against me are something very strange but I don't panic again.
It shows how I in some way intimidate some of Fidesz's top authorities.
The fact is that Zsolt Bayer's own attack on me by the pro-government media to spread false information against me, confirms that, he added.
Blanka Nagy a high school student: Fidesz shrinks, escort, bad and tragedies.
This evil group of robbers, this government of the minority, are filling their pockets for their old age when you are suffering from Poverty as retired.
He said the truth.
THIS is Hungary.
Blasphemy and false information are the only weapons of the Hungary government.
Some opposition authorities have responded by accusing the media for blasphemy.
According to the latest data collected by Atlatszo, main sources of propaganda have failed many cases, and they were ordered by the court to correct information 109 times in the year 2018.
They can't put their thoughts on our heads so they shoot us #SOSNicaragua so reads a banner during a protest for political prisoners in Managua.
August 2018.
Photo: Jorge Mejía Peralta (CC BY 2.0)
Since the massive protests against President Daniel Ortega erupted in Nicaragua in April 2018, the government has banned protests, has arrested thousands without filing charges and banning major sources and substitutes.
Attempts to make the conversation go unsuccessful, now Nicaragua's hatma remains a difficult question.
Protests began with protests against the reforms of public park policies where they would raise income taxes while reducing backpacks.
Initially the process was made and the authorities opened the door of a nationwide demonstration calling on President Daniel Ortega, his wife and Vice-President Rosario Murillo to resign.
The number of deaths from the protests is over and has not been revived since last year because restrictions on data and memory have increased.
December 2018 the government blocked some of the NGOs that were closely monitoring police violence and violation of Human Rights including the Nicaragua Human Rights Center (Cenidh) and the Democratic Development Institute (Ipade).
The December also, two groups of the American Human Rights Forces (IACHR) Special Coordinating Nicaragua (MESENI) and the Liberal Intelligence Group (IACHR) College of Intelligence Administrative Surveyndrome, leaving Nicaragua free to monitor Human Rights and open the new initiative in Bel
Read more: We are the Victims of the victims': copying the violation of Human Rights Nicaragua
Underground estimates, recognised by the government in August 2018, have increased to 197.
However, the Human Rights Agency has come to the existence of 322 deaths until 1818, when most deaths were shot to the head, neck and chest.
Blogger Ana Siú recently wrote in Medium about her experience in the April 2018 protests:
I saw my college friend being attacked by a gang through Instagram Mubashara.
I heard him yelling and fighting to avoid being hurt. At Last, the man who attacked him on the motorcycle left him but took his phone.
He didn't know he still looks bad.
Then he said, we should leave!
We should take the phones inspection.
The event lasted 20 minutes.
He also announced the May 30 protests, which were the historic protests in the date Nicaragua celebrates Mother's day when 15 people were killed.
That day we changed our views of the protests.
Some of us in the protests saw how they were killing young people.
It is the first time police attacked massive protests like those with fire bullets.
I have never been so close to death.
When students barred themselves from universities in the capital city of Managua, rural workers blocked roads in rural areas.
In June the protesters of Masaya declared the Eastern city free from dictatorship.
The government attacked protesters who created restrictions to defend themselves and respond to police attacks.
Protesters became increasingly involved in violence and fighting by August 2018, with 22 deaths from police officers, according to government statistics.
In the middle of 2018, the police started what they called the operación to lampieza (Operation to clean) to destroy restrictions and accuse suspected of engaging in them.
Reports say that security forces did the same with militant groups.
Many students, leaders of the agricultural movement, rights fighters and journalists were targeted in the deadly campaign and many of them were charged.
And some health workers who served the injured during the protests have been thrown into confusion by what they did.
Nicaragua’s Doctors Association said at least 240 doctors were expelled from public hospitals as a means of recovery.
Read more: Nicaragua protesters and journalists face violent attacks on the streets and on the media.
In September the protests were made illegal again, and any activities in the streets now need special approval from the authorities, where they are often rejected.
On February 27, 2019, a dialogue table was referred to between the government and the opposition party, He began Cívica por la Justicia y la Democracia (Emocracy and Democracy for the Citizen), followed by the release of hundreds of people from prison.
Compared to a previous conversation, this meeting did not include the leaders of the movement of farmers and students, because some are in detention, and some are in exile.
Not only a new president at the beginning
Since the country's crisis is coming in second year, the day and nightmare of Nicaragua tomorrow is carried by the hashtag #SOSNicaragua, which is released daily with allegations, photos of victims and cries about students in prisons and their families.
Read more: Nicaragua's Diaspora activists carry the load twice
Nicaragua’s news source, Niú interviewed protesters who led the February symposium in nearby Costa Rica and described the difficulty of living in exile.
Alejandro Donaire, the student said he fled the country after participating in a peaceful protest, told Niú how difficult it is to feel a part of society and a normal life, after spending a long time living in hiding, running and protesting.
Madelaine Caracas, a spokesman for a group of students known as the Disciple Cooperation for Democracy, also shared Niú's thirst for Nicaragua’s change that will be more than Ortega's leaving:
[We want to stop dictatorships, gender suppression, selfishness and other weaknesses that have infiltrated the political culture of the country.
We believe that Ortega will leave this year and that I will return to Nicaragua this year.
And I am sure that Ortega is currently unacceptable in both international and economic spaces and because all those participating in the April demonstrations are now fully organized.
This final tour of the dialogue between the State and the opposition came to an end on April 3, with an agreement on two of the four topics discussed.
First the government has promised that it will free all political prisoners and secondly respect civil liberties.
There was no agreement made about justice for the victims of election violence or self-development for the 2021 elections.
The opposition party of the Civil Union said, however the government has failed to respect the agreement.
Police have continued to disrupt peaceful protests.
As April 6, only 50 of the 600 political prisoners were released, and detained in their homes.
Later on April 17, following a new U.S. detention threat, more than 600 prisoners were released and went to end their sentences in house arrests, but according to the Civil Union, only 18 members of the group were on the list of political prisoners who hoped to be released.
In the minds of people like activist and researcher Felix Madariaga, the new leader of Nicaragua Tomorrow remains in prison today.
Meanwhile, opposition groups have called for demonstrations to mark the anniversary of the events of April 2018.
With the ban on the authorities and the ban on the protests, it is also expected that there will be a new repression from the police.
