Photo by President Muhammadu Buhari by Bayo Omoborio via Wikimedia Commons, May 29, 2015, (CC BY-SA 4.0).
The Nigerian government has announced Friday that it blocks Twitter in the country, days after it canceled a dangerous tweet written by Nigerian President Muhammadu Buhari claiming that the government will use force against the Igbo tribe.
Despite the removal of the tweet, the message went to spread on social media, reminding us of the pangs of civil war that killed more than a million people.
But the tweet prompted a social media movement to stop with the Igbo Nigerians.
In a series of tweets published on June 1, 2021, Buhari is threatening to deal with Nigerians from the eastern part of the country using the language they understand, referring to the civil war in Nigeria between 1967-1970 against the separatist movement of the Republic of Biafra, southeastern Nigeria.
The tweet was written after a series of anti-government attacks and security forces in the region, which is accused of having a military group linked to the Biafran Aborigines (IPOB), the movement of people who want Biafra to isolate themselves.
The group denies involvement with the attacks, according to the American Voice.
Many of the disciplinary today were small enough to comprehend the destruction and loss of people's lives during the Nigerian Civil Fights, said a tweet by Buhari that has now been erased:
Screenshot of Nigeria's President Buhari
Tweets that responded to the statements made by Buhari who seemed to be angry at the White House, the headquarters of the country, Abuja, about the attitude of the attack on electoral officials.
I think we gave them enough platforms.
They said what they wanted, but now they want to destroy the country, he said, referring to the separatists:
Buhari speaks with his mouth
Buhari, a retired general, was in the military during the Nigerian civil war.
The war killed more than a million Igbo people and other Eastern residents, according to Chima J. Korieh, professor of African History at Marquette University in the United States.
For many Nigerians, the battle of separation of the state of Biafra is generally considered an unforgettable phenomenon, but for the Igbo people who struggled to isolate themselves, remains a panel that changed the meaning of their lives, says Nigerian journalist Adaobi Tricia Nwaubani.
(Dondoo: Writer comes from the Igbo tribe.)
Twitter's policy on hate behavior prevents tweets that preach a riot and threaten people with a category of race, ethnicity, national origin.
Such tweets, such as Buhari, are canceled by the company or users themselves force them to cancel content going contrary to policy.
Lai Mohammed, a Nigerian news minister, described the removal of the president's tweets by the social media company as a suspicious event:
Twitters Mission In Nigeria Is Suspicious, Says Lai Mohammed pic.twitter.com/6hbAKsnjVM
Tweets of terror still appear online
A study by the Digital Africa Research Lab (DigiAfricaLab) social media expert shows that a tweet of intimidation written by Buhari still appears on several accounts two days after being canceled by Twitter, advis for quotation by other users:
More than 30 hours after Twitter blotted out a tweet by Nigerian president @MBuhari for violation of the law, tweeted AADO INAONEKANA on many online accounts for being quoted!
Online using different tools, DigiAfricaLab was able to see more than 17,000 tweets quoted by users before the social networking company can can cancel the tweet from @MBuhari and @NGRPresident, all of which are verified Twitter accounts used by President Buhari.
Moreover, DigiAfricaLab was able to click and raise President Buhari's tweets were blown up.
My tweets can continue to be seen by Twitter users because the tools used by Twitter (API) are based on other media tools that link Twitter data through URL.
Another reason, according to J. D. Biersdorfer of New York Times, is that deleted tweets may still be available and thus appear on the search results until the site is revived by a new version of tweets on the main account page.
reaction to the hashtag #IAmIgboTooo
The threat of President Buhari prompted a heated debate from Nigerians who fired on Twitter, a discussion that struck the web with the hashtag #IAmIgboTo to express their regrets.
Likewise, Nigerian Twitter users from various ethnic groups also used the Igbo language to stand up to the Igbo people.
A comment made on June 4, 2021 by Global Voices on Brand Mentions showed that within seven days, the hashtag #IAmIgboTo was mentioned 508 times, has been used 319,200 times, has reached 457,500 people, 313,100 times on Twitter and Instagram.
Screenshot from the hashtag #IAmIgboTooo
Human Rights Activist Aisha Jesusfu under the name of Igbo Somtochukwu, meaning join me in praising God while cursing how President Buhaari threatened the Igbo people saying the attack was on me:
My name is Aisha Somtochukwu Jesusfu.
Any threat to the Igbo people is to intimidate me.
Attacking the Igbo people is attacking me.
I condemn the threats of 1967 from President Buhari to the Igbo people
No Nigerian is more than any Nigerian
The musician and musician Jude Abaga (M.I Abaga) expressed his enthusiasm for the country to go on in front of this hateful pronunciation:
The comment that Nigeria takes the Igbo people off course and abandons the same unchanging attitude
#KomeshaSars Rinuola (Rinuî Oduala, using the Gbo Ochiaga name, referring to the Armed Forces leader, remembered with pride the contribution of Igbo women to Nigeria's history, referring to the Ababan Women's Revolution in November 1929:
I remember the Aba Women Revolution where at least 25,000 women protested against colonial violence.
I come out of the scene with women with a whim, born brave & tolerance over years of exploitation and injustice.
My name is Rinu Ochiagha Oduala #MimiNiIgbo
Blossom O Visitmba, an Igbo translator for Global Voices, noted that threats begin and humiliate a person's personality:
Embarrassing people's personality becomes easier to alleviate the moral concerns of murder, discrimination or persecution just because of ethnic identity.
If they don't seem to be a human, it's easy to justify violence against them.
Personality, according to O Visitmba, makes it easier to eradicate moral and murderous acts, discrimination, or the torture of people just because of their ethnic groups.
Photo by makeitkenya, CC PDM 1.0
On March 27, a heated debate arose on Kenyan social media about a statement made in the air by three radio broadcasters during the morning Breakfast Show.
The broadcasters were discussing the ongoing court case involving Eunice Wangari, a woman who was pushed outside the 12-storey building and a man with whom she had relations.
On Twitter, angry Kenyans infuriated advertisers Shaffie Weru, Joseph Munoru, and Neville Muysa for their comments on the case of sexual exploitation, calling the journalists responsible.
Shaffie insists that the lady was pushed out of the 12th floor of the building in Nairobi after saying no to a man was because she left herself in such a state of independence.
What hell!
The case divides netizens because there are some of them agreeing with the broadcasters
Although the three were expelled from the radio station, it brought home to the attention that the hostility of Kenyan currents has grown for women.
There are about 21.75 million online users in Kenya, or 40 percent of the country's population according to data research by DataReportal in 2021.
About 11 million people are social media users, 2.2% increase compared to the year 2020.
According to another report of the international telecommunications System (GSMA), the number of mobile phones is almost equal for women and men with a difference of five percent for men who own or have access to communications comparable to women, on three Kenyan netizens one is a woman.
As a minority of currents, women in Kenya have often developed the aim of cyberbullying.
And although the law against harassment was passed in the country that defines behavior as interaction with others in a way that could cause anxiety or fear of violence or damage or loss of property by the penalty of up to 10 years in jail, many online harassment is still very much.
Below we will explain the two popular incidents that took place at the last 12 roots that social media has served as a platform for violence against women in Kenya.
COVID-19 Patient
In March 2020, Brenda Iyv Cherotich grew the first patient of COVID -19 in Kenya.
After he recovered and told about his trip when the world began to understand the new virus.
But Cherotich was not received as warmly as he expected.
After interrogation in April 2020, he was confronted with online violence and harassment from Kenyan On Twitter (which hashtag #KOT a word that is commonly used to describe Kenyan twitter users who participate in discussions other than the Internet) who sought to degrade and question the truth about his story.
Other online harassers intervened in his own lives, his personal conversations and photos were widely circulated online, perhaps after being harassed by a friend or a close person.
The style of his hair looks like Corona itself
After the outrage of this, Kenyan health minister Mutahi Kagwe came to the defense of Brenda, calling for the arrest of the perpetrators and addressed them as an embarrassing struggle for the COVID-19 government.
Health Minister Mutahi Kagwe tells the police to incriminate social media users by persecuting Brenda
And that was not the end of it, another victim recently collapsed in #KOT attack: TV broadcaster Vyonne Okwara was targeted after defending Brenda and supporting the minister's conviction of the harassers.
I don't really agree with Yvonne Okwara.
Your report has no place.
It's cool and stinking to the upper heavens.
Where was your voice when fellow women stripped the nude and shared its nude photos?
This is poison
Okwara criticized the oppressors for targeting women.
He said Brian Orinda, three COVID-19 sufferer, was present when he gave his recovery trip with Brenda, he did not have the same response.
This prompted the fingers of keyboard fighters to light those who had their day on Twitter attacking Okwara.
Sex card usage all the time.
Women are required to protect their dignity first.
Playing images like these and participating them are immoral.
The inferior and idiot from Okwara.
So insignificantly, you wonder if Corona ate the brain.
Male nude was recently online.
He has suddenly lost his memory by choosing about it.
At the beginning of the year, Ikulu Kanza Dena's chief spokesman also suffered from Kenyan street violence.
When he grew up presenting a press conference on the hafla, netizens harassed his body from his weight.
Quickly it became a discussion on social media, and part of Kenyans and media charity defending Dena.
He is quite fat, tall, short!
Who set the standard for women’s appearance?
Why is it our plight that @KanzeDena has gained weight?
True, she is a new mother, but she is not in debt to anyone!
Give him rest!
This is a new underground forbidding
The Elephant article, one of Kenya's main digital publication, found that the Kenyan social networking industry and the world has turned into a vengeance of toxic words and harassment.
There is no controversy that social media has become an important tool for social and professional development, more for women.
Many women have built their businesses along the way and, in the process, have learned how to join others.
Many find customers to buy and sell their products on the stage.
Some get platforms to open their minds, causing hundreds if not millions of social enterprises that are not just promoting economic growth but are directly enabling them to economize.
They have also learned how to improve their knowledge of law entrepreneurship.
Of course, social media has emerged as a good chance to do business.
This is important for economic development and the publicity of women.
Source, The Elephant.
It seems that for women to engage in meaningful discussions on topics that directly affect their lives, the internet must be a safer place than now.
Rain flag.
Image by Marco Verch on Flickr, CC BY 2.0.
Caribbean countries, one after another, have been updating their legislative books to reflect more equality to homosexuals by eliminating colonial age groups that were hindering antisocial behavior.
In 2016, it started in Belize.
Two years later, Trinidad and Tobago followed, although his action is not translated into law change.
Three years after the court remarked that the laws go against the constitution, Trinadad and Tobago are finally on the way to revising Opportunities regulations (EOA) related to homosexuality.
The law aims to read whether, prevent some forms of discrimination and promote equality between people of different circumstances.
For the purpose, the Opportunity Commission and the Opportunity Court were set up to address these issues but so far, they fail to address the issues of discrimination against homosexuality.
The existing laws deal with gender discrimination, race, ethnicity, nature, religion, marital status, or disability in employment, education, education and so on.
The pressure to reform the current Law increased after the Scotiabank Bank in Trinidad and Tobago announced on April 14 that it will extend health care to employeee couples in homosexual relationships, in the same manner as other employees of the opposite sex.
The announcement sparked heated discussions in the country as well as commendation by the US Business Rock (AMCHAM) and Ian Roach, chairman of the Fursa Sawa Commission, quoted in a discussion with Trinidad and Tobago Newsday as saying:
It is a good step for private sectors and especially for banks, which has a wide range of employees.
It's important and others follow this step, as well as what the law insists.
Government attorney Faris Al-Rawi said he has been encouraged by the action of the Scotiabank Bank to protect the rights of the people and that the doors are open to do what is needed to eliminate the diversity of discrimination that exists in the country.
Al-Rawi's position seems to change according to his position after the 2018 High Court Judgment; immediately after a non-constitutional decision was issued, the government declared his intention to appeal.
While Trinidad and Tobago have made great progress in eliminating various forms of discrimination, but when it comes to discrimination against homosexuals in the country, the fear of gays using religious arguments has not changed much.
In view of the reaction of citizens to the Scotiabank Bank announcement on social media platforms like Facebook, the opposition was intense.
At the same time, gays continue not only to deal with discrimination, but also atrocities, many of which end up losing their lives.
In a recent incident, the death of Marcus Anthony Singh, a member of the gay party in the area where he lives, sparked a heated debate over the harsh environment in which gays are confronted especially with their safety and discrimination.
Many of these conversations have been held via Twitter Spaces, a speech platform that allows for debate and safe education.
While Federal attorney Al Rawi has not officially given time to enforce the law change, to their gays and allies, hope remains that the actions taken by private companies like the Scotiabank Bank will not long be taken over by the government, and eventually bring about a change of racial proportions.
Duval, French engineer and founder of the Gaël Institute.
Photo used with permission.
For Internet companies and technology, Internet data collection has become their primary source of income.
However, this form of income puts users at risk as it is reflected in the frequent developments of commercial data censorship, widespread filtering of information and surveillance.
Is there a better way to improve the privacy of netizens?
Companies like Google and Apple have energized the daily collection of their clients, especially by cell phones, and the combination of a variety of items used frequently in calendar and agenda.
Several users have been pursuing a real place where a person is, and on the other hand , health and sports issues are focused on collecting genealogical data of customers.
It is believed that these data are collected and analyzed with the aim of simplifying and giving the user what he needs soon.
However, the fact is that netizens and technological users do not know that they are making free information without any charge.
Online privacy activists such as Austrian Max Schrems, expressed his feelings about the organization of internet and technologies to earn income through the reports of their clients.
He highlights the danger of frequent incidents of violence and violation of the law of privacy.
One of these incidents may have been well summed up in a Facebook event known as the Cambridge Analytica case where Cambridge Analytica's private advisory Administration collected 87 million Facebook users without their consent to help presidents Ted Cruz and Dondal Trump in early 2016.
Schrems says he warned Facebook representatives about the events of the gathering of their clients by the Cambridge Analytica Foundation, and yet, he could not persuade them to act:
Facebook representatives without saying that from their point of view, the administration of a certain owner has allowed the people to deliver their tools [ to the mobile phones and other resources for user's collection of information.
However, why ask yourself about the right to privacy online while you have nothing to hide?
Activist Edward Snowden had the answers to this question in Reddit's discussion in 2015:
To think that you care nothing about the privacy rights online because you have nothing to hide is to think you care about the right to express yourself because you have nothing to say.
The real devastation of the use of information platforms
Francophone engineer and data expert Gaël Duval has long been involved in the development of computers in addition to Mandrake's endearment system (the Linux Calendar) that everyone has the right to improve and be used by others.
Duval decided to create an endorsement system that helps protect the confidence of mobile phone users: /e/OS.
Global Voices spoke to him to understand how information technology affects the lives of people, the opportunities and the consequences.
Here is his view of the development of this information technology:
This is a philosophical question.
Personally I have a mixed feeling about information technology as I always have a lot of romance about technology.
However, there are times when I feel bored, I remember those times when you need to call, you go to a special place that is set aside.
Of course it was a very good and fast life.
The kids may be surprised that until I turned five, there were no phones or TVs at home.
There’s a time when I think I lived the lives of a very different world, and which isn't there.
On the other hand, it's very enjoyable when we try to imagine what we can do with the presence of modern technology, such as communicating with someone from the world's very different parts through high quality videos and witnessing electric cars that do not use gasoline to fill our lungs with dangerous smoke.
For those who remember, acquiring the pleasures and abhorrences of the years of the analog system, we are currently facing a high risk of support in information technology.
A 2018 study involving children's behavioral problems and abnormal telemarketing habits revealed that the overall use of cell phones leads to a number of problems including Insecurity Disorder (ADD) and son to see.
A study published in 2020 by Common Sense Media found that 50 percent of the youths in the Los Angeles state said they could not stay without using their mobile phones .
The effect of the use of these technologys was recently highlighted by sources of credulity in the Netflix article The Social Dilemma, which describes the testimony of former employees of large corporations including Google, Twitter and Facebook who explain how they were creating an environment to persuade user to build cracks.
Some governments have tried to deal with the problem by improving the law to build awareness of users and increasing responsibility for the companies involved.
In 2018, the European Union (EU) passed the Code of Information Mother (GDPR).
This law has added a number of regulations regarding information management involving the user's unquestioning compensation of his statements and demanded that companies remove these information after a three-year term without compulsion.
This law has also provided a large ransom for those who will not respect these regulations.
However, its implementation is confronted with a lack of services in government authorities, and this law applies only to members of the European Union.
Subjects for information technology
As far as it is now, Duval was tempted to provide a tool that will enable people to take responsibility to protect their own information, as he explains:
Our Motto is that your statements are yours, since our information is our own, and to those who think it shouldn’t be that, they don't want freedom and peace, or they're owning a advertisement – as personal information can help sell advertisements at a cost.
This is how the endeuring system he designed works:
/e/ is an endorsement system of telephone digitalism which does not apply any information [ to Google confesses like when you are looking, where you are and that focuses on the user's privacy.
This system does not in any way check the user's personal information.
It also provides basic online services such as email, conservation, calendar, to conserve communications everything related to the janja telecommunications system.
Duval says that, when it comes to personal information, Google and Apple have similar objectives, the Google trading system, which basically depends on 8 billion to 12 billion each year for putting Google’s budget on iPads.
Duval added:
Using iPhone, the user sends an average of MB to Google, a day.
It is twice the amount sent by Android users.
Besides, Apple's external system is blocked, with a total lack of transparency under way.
It should only believe them.
We, for our part, allow for a change in private policies: all /e/OS systems and online conservation organizations (the material used in this system's creation) are free.
This system can be interrogated and investigated by experts.
In an environment of the proliferation of the use of mobile phones, it is evident that the law alone is not sufficient to build awareness and to give users accurate tools and knowledge to protect their databases and here comes the importance of digital tools that help users get more responsibility
Reports and awareness are essential to preventing UVIKO-19 infections.
Photo shows health workers in Kenya educating the community about UVIKO-19 infections.
Photo: Victoria Nthenge and Trocaire license CC BY 2.0
The introduction of the UVIKO-19 vaccine in Kenya has been met with accusations of corruption, discrimination and corruption that have left many poor and elderly people waiting in long lines outside public hospitals this time that the country faces a third outbreak of infections and deaths from the UVIKO-19.
Meanwhile, hundreds of Kenyans pay as much as $100 so they can be called earlier, as explained in several Kenyan online accounts along with Kenyan media and international ones.
Early in March, Kenya bought more than 1 million doses of the Oxford-AstraZeneca vaccine through the UVIKO-19 Global vaccine, organized by the World Health Organization via COVAX.
The vaccination of the vaccines started a free vaccination campaign in public and private hospitals.
The release of the drugs was divided into three stages: health workers and immigration officials, more than 58-year-old citizens and adults with various health challenges, and other citizens living in a dangerous environment like those living in an unofficial home.
The country depends on receiving 24 million doses through COVAX.
According to The Washington Post, Kenya is aimed at immunizing 50 percent of its citizens by June 2022 in collaboration between the COVAX project and aid from other nations.
In a press release, Kenya's UNICEF Representative Maniza Zaman praised the arrival of the first vaccines in Kenya.
Following the arrival of these vaccines, UNICEF and its allies are applauding COVAX’s promise to ensure that people from less economically disadvantaged countries are not left behind in this international scheme to save people's lives with a vaccine, he said.
However, the third plan was confused after the exercise started because of the final decision to speed up the plan's second term as a way to deal with the third wave of infections, opposing political interests, and failing to communicate and inform the public.
In a post interviewing what is going on in the UVIKO-19 vaccine in Kenya, Patrick Gathara, a Kenyan writer and a distant political cartoonist said:
In a loud and selfish voice, politicians claimed that they should be given priority to build confidence in the public, although the Health Ministry already reported a lack of strong opposition to the vaccine.
Since the government has ignored the requirement to explain its plan to the public, there was much confusion about where and when people are expected to stand in line.
Despite government prescriptions to citizens over the age of 58, Kenyan media reported that businesses and politicians who do not share this age group have been receiving services contrary to order, highlighting the large segregation of the poor.
At the same time, qualified elderly Kenyans and poor Kenyans, who do not have access to help and without cash money, are always waiting in line from 11 hours in the morning, and end up being asked for a second day because the medicine has ended, according to a report published by The Washington Post.
They have another door for their friends, Mary Njoroge, 58, one of the teachers, told The Washton Post.
Without someone to help you complete the process, what will you do?
A similar incident was reported in another government hospital by @_Sativa, a Twitter user based in Nairobi, who is also a Kenyan.
On the Twitter thread, she explained what her aunt met, a retired teacher over 60 years old.
While the elderly waited in line, the nurse called names and the young men came forward and got a vaccination.
When her aunt asked what was happening, the nurse gave her the number [ mobile phone call to use money, she said on Twitter.
Following reports of increasing mobility for the vaccination campaign, Kenyan Health Minister Mutahi Kagwe told the media:
I guess we have come to the place where we have made the situation unconscious that anyone can go to the vaccination center and get a service.
I want to put the matter up well, those providing a vaccination service will calculate every bit of the medicine they used and that the medications used must be prescribed by someone who deserves the service.
Kenya’s National Association of Nurses in Kenya Alfred Obengo asked Kenyans who are not on the list of priorities to avoid standing in vaccination lines.
Describing how the Kenyan government could avoid the confusion in implementing the plan, Gathara concludes his post by saying:
We could avoid this as Kenya's government and its allies around the world, including the World Health Organization and the governments of the western world, would work with Kenya as a benefactor and not a brutal and exploited colony.
It's very sad for Kenyans, their colonial country doesn't know what else to do.
Last December, the world regulated itself in Argentina where abortion was officially permitted in the country.
But to what extent are girls and women forced to be parents in other parts of the world?
Check or listen to Global Voices Insights on April 7 , where our South American editor Melissa Vida is discussing the rights of procreation and the following experts and activists:
Deboa Religionz (Brazil): a culture expert who conducts research projects on biological ethics, women's rights, human rights and health.
He teaches Brasilia University, but also studies at the University of Brown, and is a fertility activist.
His documents on abortion, marital equality, separation of governments and religious issues and research on sickles have gained various national and international awards and have been competed in various competitions.
Joy Asasira (Uganda): Pro
Joy was awarded the Ugandan Legal Party award (ULS) of the Superior Woman of Human Rights for 2018/2019 and was recognized as a ringleader in Global Health at the World Summit of Women’s Leaders held at Stanford University in 2017.
Emilie Palamy Pradichit (Thailand): founder and director of the Manushya Agency, which she founded in 2017 (Manushya is the Sanskrit word for a Man), with the aim of promoting the power of particular local communities, particularly human rights advocates, so that they can fight for social rights, and social equality.
Emilie is an international human rights lawyer who demolished the rights of separated communities.
R Umaima Ahmed (Pakistan): independent journalist.
He was originally the assistant editor of The News on Sunday and The Nation magazine.
R Umaima has more than 10 years of online content and newspaper experience.
He has focused on digital security issues, women and animal rights.
He is also Global Voices author.
Dominika Lasota (Poland): 19-year-old climate activist and Women's Strike.
A telephone service agent waiting for customers in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania.
Under the 2020 content regulations, freedom of expression is restricted by the government authorities to remove unconditional content.
Photo by Fiona Graham/WorldRemit on Flickr, CC BY SA 2.0.
This post is part of UPROAR, a government-run Information project asking the government to deal with digital rights challenges in the Universal Periodic Review (UPR).
At the beginning of March, when Tanzanians started to question the health and location of President John Magufuli, many citizens used social media to ask questions and even express their concerns.
In answering those questions, the government threatened to arrest anyone who used social media to spread misinformation about the president.
Government authorities returned to Tanzania's 2015 Cybercrime Act and Electronic and Postal Communications Act (EPOCA) awarded 2020 to describe the possibility of arresting and detaining all those who violated them.
This was a continuation of government measures, which several times, have used cybercrime laws and online content regulated and restricted digital rights and free speech in Tanzania.
On March 17, former Vice President Samia Suluhu Hassan announced on the national television that John Magufuli was dead.
A few days later, Hassan was sworn as the sixth president of Tanzania.
Until then, at least four people had been arrested in various parts of the country for spreading false rumors about health and locations in Magufuli.
Many now wonder whether Tanzania will review its regulations that regulate online content after Magufuli's regime, or whether these regulations will continue to apply until 2025 the remaining Magufuli will be completed by President Samia Hassan.
Early in March, Innocent Bashungwa, Minister of Information, Culture, Art and Games of Tanzania, cautioned the media to avoid spreading rumors about Magufuli, who had not been publicly seen since February 27.
Aidha, Minister of Justice and Constitution, Mwigulu Nchemba, also threatened Internet users with prison sentences through his Twitter account for spreading foolish rumors, referring to Article 89 of Punish Principles and Article 16 of Cybercrime Act.
Police chief Ramadan Kingai expressed a desire to understand the Twitter account bearing the name of Kigogo, which has long distinguished itself from the worst of the government.
Human rights activists have denounced these measures taken by government officials and the fearfulness of these regulations along with the threats of their implementation.
Cybercrime Principles: More restrictions on digital rights
For more than a decade ago, Tanzania has enjoyed a strong network of communications and technologies.
Despite these developments, the government has been setting up an environment for controlling companies and negotiations platforms and for that reason independent media are failing to distinguish themselves in terms of the types published by the image of its representation.
The Internet has created a new platform online for young Tanzanian bloggers and social media activists to raise their voices, but the government does not seem to agree with this new truth.
In 2010, Tanzania published the Eletronian and Posta Communications Act, which was of its kind in the country.
By 2018, specific regulations that regulate online content were provided through the Eletronic and Postal Communication Principles 2018.
The government claimed that these regulations were aimed at monitoring the use of social media, particularly, against the problem of news that spreads hatred and cyberspace on the internet.
However, the regulations were not merely applied to mainstream media but also to individual bloggers and content services, who were surprised by a new legal requirement to pay $900 to obtain a license.
This requisite also applied to anyone preparing and broadcasting TV or radio broadcasts.
Large darkness spread on social media following this urgent requirement of the fees where many bloggers and content producers decided to stop their activities because of the high costs.
Opposition politicians and social media users criticized these regulations for freeing social media and civil society organizations.
In 2020, Tanzania revised online content regulations, under 103 of the Eletronian and Postal Communication Law, 2020, and started to serve in July 2020, and announced through Tangazo Na 538 in the State Magazine.
Some of the major differences between the 2018 and 2020 edition of the Orders of the OPOCA (EPOCA) are as follows:
First, Tanzanian Communication Authority (TCRA) renovated fees and added small groups under the online contents: information & news, entertainment and education or religion, and continued to restrict personal content.
The 2020 Media Act, Part VI, Article 116:
Anyone who offers online services without getting a suitable license, makes his mistakes and punishments are a sentence to pay a fine of no less than 6 million Tanzanian Ships [$2,587 USD) or imprisonment of less than 12 months or both.
Second, TCRA added a list of unsupervised and inclusive content, as well as other topics, promoting audio recordings, surveillance, data stealing, monitoring, recording and interacting without permission.
Third, the Principles of Online content (EPOCA 2020) have also reduced the period when a licensed person can work against content principles by being suspended or deleted.
Under 2018 rules, the license had 12 hours to do so.
But in 2020 regulations, below Part III, Article 11, the time to handle any content violations was reduced to 2 hours.
Failure to respect this time allows the authorities to intervene, either by blocking or deleting the account.
Global Voices spoke to some human legislators and rights experts who criticized the reforms of the 2020 content regulations, stating that they violate digital rights and rights of civil society.
They said that these regulations violate digital rights and prevented bloggers and journalists from owning online content.
The biggest problem here is that there are no precautions to prevent these authorities from being abused, and in the meantime, the authorities are damaging to freedom of expression in Tanzania, said one of the human rights experts who requested that he not be understood.
After Magufuli: Digital rights criteria Tanzania
Under the rule of Magufuli, civil society, the media and digital rights have been rapidly deteriorating under pressure, gradually, with free speech online.
After the sudden death of Magufuli, many are now wondering about the future of digital rights in the country after six years of the administration that continued to show signs of tyranny.
Global Voices spoke to some government officials for not being named about new regulations and human rights and free speech online.
A Tanzanian biochemist named Global Voices told Global Voices:
These regulations are unfair because anyone can be convicted, since not many citizens understand the translation of these regulations.
Another thought the government views social media as a kero.
He cautioned citizens to take precautions when speaking on public platforms because the government has the power to obtain all their information through the owners of the platform.
The 2020 Internet content regulations make it almost impossible for a person to be misunderstood online, under the 9th Principle (e), netizens (internet café) to register themselves with identification cards, to identify the only online identity for all (Paulting) and censorship in Tanzania.
These regulations contribute to criminal acts of defamation, prevention of the right to incomprehension, harsh penalties for violation of these regulations and the overwhelming power of content to TCRA and other media below.
The Principles of Online content (EPOCA) contradict accepted international standards of digital rights.
For the most part, these regulations restrict the freedom of expression and press freedom in Tanzania.
However, the Tanzanian government is responsible for respecting and upholding the rights of people to express themselves and assemble with journalists, members of civil society, and opposition politicians, according to Tanzania's constitution and international treaties and those of the territories.
These rights are essential for the right to vote.
Tanzania is in the digital rights crisis.
Under the recently sworn President Hassan, the question of whether the Revolution Party will continue to silence and restrict digital rights in the country?
Editor's suggestion: The author of the article asked for his name to be unknown for security reasons.
Taking Tanzania ahead wasn't much easier, when President John Magufuli came to power in 2015.
His proclamation was Just here, seen in a green and yellow helmet, the colors of the ruling party in Tanzania, the Mapinduzi Party, led by Magufuli.
Photo by Pernille Baerendtsen, used with permission.
Thousands of people gather at the stadiums, airports and street corners, in various parts of Tanzania, where the body of President John Pombe Magufuli was deported from Dar es Salaam to enable citizens to be respectfully killed for a week in Dodoma, the headquarters of the government, the islands of Zanzibar, and MARK, to his home corner, Victoria.
Magufuli was declared dead at the age of 61, on March 17, in a speech by former Vice President, Samia Suluhu Hassan, launched on the national television station, an announcement that ended several weeks of rumors about the health of the president and his place.
He allegedly died of heart disease:
Death Report by President Wa Wa Republic United Wa Tanzania.
The sudden death of Magufuli, however, has left Tanzanians, and other people, curious of politics and rule in the East African country.
On Friday, Hassan was sworn as the sixth president of Tanzania, writing the history of being the first woman to become President of Tanzania, the second president born on Zanzibar islands that are part of Tanzania, and the first Muslim woman to take the highest position of service in the country.
Under Tanzania's constitution, Hassan will serve the rest of the five-year term of the Magufuli presidential presidency that went to 2025.
In this short, widely circulated video on social media, Hassan ignores any doubts about her ability to take the lead as a woman:
For all the skeptics that this woman will be president of the Federal Republic of Tanzania I would like to tell you that the one standing here is president.
[ Makofifi I want to return that the one standing here is the president of the Federal Republic of Tanzania, with female makeup.
While Tanzanians still mourn Magufuli and continue to reflect on these sudden changes, many seem optimistic about Hassan.
Opposition politician Zitto Kabwe, leader of the ACT Wazalendo party, has the hopes and history of Hassani in action and work as a member of civil society.
Brilliant history of President @SuluhuSamia in 20 minutes recounted by Himself.
He says he was activist.
He was a member of the Civil Orders.
Thank you for making me see this.
It's not boring to listen.
While Hassan is best known as a coordinator, calling for unity and tranquillity during this transition period, Magufuli is known as a bulidoza, a nickname that he found as the Building Minister to recognize his effectiveness to ensure roads being built.
Remembering the Feet
Kanga remembers the fraternity John Magufuli, the fifth president of Tanzania, who died on March 17, 2021.
Burian our father a god eats publicly / We will always remember our hero
Many Tanzanians and Africans generally remember Magufuli on social media for bad and good.
The misfortune and good of Magufuli cannot deny the same seriousness, which means that the memory he leaves behind is controversial but profound.
The camps for supporters of Magufuli and against Magufuli will not stop and the debate will continue for years.
Magufuli gained popularity in the early days of his presidency for his promises to fight corruption with force.
His efforts to set up massive projects aimed at strengthening infrastructure and industrial development promoted the hopes of many Tanzanians independence after decades of relying on international aid.
Last April, Magufuli turned down a $10 billion (U.S .) loan from China for a major port project interested in being carried out to Bagamoyo near Dar es Salaam, saying, only a drunkard can agree with these conditions.
Download President Magufuli to last year's elections.
It reads: You promised You Acted Thankfully.
It is adorned with photos of Magufuli's success on road construction, aircraft purchases, bridge construction and modern railways.
Photo by Pernille Baerendtsen, used with permission.
His stand against corruption also attracted Western countries, and the media at first wrote his position on a positive note.
For some, Magufuli is remembered as a truly African son and an African activist who put African interests first.
Others remember him as a popular president putting nationalism ahead of everything else:
I've been following Tanzania's mourning to John Magufuli.
We objected to his dictatorships and criticized him for his ignorance of science, but it is clear, in view of people standing on the streets, he was well-known.
However, Magufuli's regime was totally dictatorial and had a profound impact on human rights and freedom of expression.
For over six years, Human Rights Watch, Amnesty International, the Committee to Protect Journalists (CPJ), Global Voices and others have been following the deterioration of civil rights and human rights protections.
Tanzania dropped six spaces on the Freedom of Expression measured democracy and freedom between 2020 and 2021.
While the Parliament was discussing the Politics Act in January 2019, a law that was criticized for holding tighter the political parties, it was interpreted as a bad sign when the owl appeared in the parliament building.
The Legal Registration several times used rules such as the Electronic and Postal Communication Act (EPOCA), or the Cybercrime Act to tighten the voice and free expression.
The reforms of the 2020 regulations aimed at preventing citizens from spreading news that could lead to dissolution or sedition and content of news covering epidemics or serious illnesses without being confirmed by the government through its senior officials.
Citizens could not talk about the earthquake that hit coastal areas last month, besides the news of the explosion that occurred some months later.
And during two weeks of rumors about Magufuli and his health in early March, at least four people were allegedly arrested for tweeting about the presidential illness.
Or did he die of Korona?
Magufuli is said to have died of heart attacks that she has been receiving treatment for 10 years.
But Magufuli's sudden death left many questioning whether he may have been infected with the Corona virus (UVIKO-19).
For many Western countries Magufuli will be remembered for denying the existence of Corona’s disease.
While the disease enters Tanzania, the government took precautions and provided guidelines on how the fence fight against the spread of the disease, but in time, Magufuli has treated the people's repression to continue their business as a more economic threat than the virus.
He often challenged international health regulations such as wearing a continent, avoiding mass and vaccines urging citizens to rely on petitions and alternatives.
After Magufuli stopped the announcement of the statistics of Korona's infection last April, he insisted that Korona had failed with the power of prayer.
A little later, he announced that Tanzania has no Corona syndrome.
Although it is not possible to say how much Korona affected Tanzania, what we know is that Korona did not leave.
When Korona's new explosion occurred in January, many Tanzanians talked about their testimonies on social media telling about the symptoms of Corona.
Realizing that they could be arrested for negotiations in Korona, the debate went on the name of new pneumonia and respiratory challenges.
But Magufuli went to his stand against the tattoo in his speech at Chato, on January 27:
If a white man could come with a vaccine, then he would discover the AIDS vaccine; he would discover the cause of TB; and now he would know the vaccine of malaria; he would get a cancer vaccine.
This statement may be taken as a backlash to Magufuli's predecessor, President Jakaya Kikwete, who has served as an ambassador to the world in early 2016.
Last month, Magufuli finally admitted that his country had a corona problem, urging Tanzanians to wear the land they created themselves.
The archaeologists say this Magufuli's reversal of the corona was due to the death of the Zanzibar Seif Sharif Hamad Vice.
Several senior officials from the layer of prominent politicians near Magufuli have died of the disease.
As crowds of people assemble to give their last respects to the president, his death has, on the other hand, brought some relief.
Shortly after Magufuli's death, author Elsie Eyakuze appeared on social media to talk openly about life during the explosion of Korona in Tanzania, where the president deliberately ignored the Korona virus.
On a long thread on Twitter, he said:
Now.
For the real story I have been at a loss to tell for long.
#uzi.
In March 2020, the Korona epidemic began to rage around the world.
Tanzania was not left.
But in April 2020 we left all efforts to control the spread of the disease in the country.
In his last tweets, he said:
Did he die of Korona?
Yes, of course.
This and the one.
And they.
Tanzanians.
And elsewhere.
But not those you want to talk about aren't you?
They are not the Story itself.
It's part of the story.
A friend looks for you.
Can you?
Why can we make this happen to us?
Please do that.
I will do that.
Tomorrow.
In an open letter to Magufuli, Eyakuze describes the change of Magufuli's positions, but uses a technique to understand the other's feelings, a strategy that seems to defeat Magufuli himself once more and forgive him.
The Tanzanians agree with the controversy and seriousness of Magufuli's death and the remembrance he leaves behind when their eyes are closed
Who has the power to decide what is visible and what does not appear on the internet?
This is the important question posed by activist and author Jillian C. York in his book, Silicon Values,* which is expected to be launched on March 23, 2021.
On Wednesday, February 10 at 8:00mchana GMT, Jillian will join Global Voices' executive director Ivan Sigal for a video clip on his book, which, as he explains in the foreword, we are seeking to excavate the history of how Silicon Valley's massive telecommunications created his specialized system.
Jillian, who is the director of International Freedom of Expression at Electronic Frontier Foundation, and is a prominent member of the Global Voices community, where he struggles to write about digital freedom and freedom of expression in the context of the Middle East.
The show is free and open to the public and will jump directly on Facebook Live, YouTube, and Twitch.
We are eager to see you join us on Monday, February 10 at 2:00mchana GMT (see here to look at the time you are going through)!
*Consoring this book through this link will help Global Voices.
A youth watching his cell phone in Tanzania, December 9, 2018.
Photo by Riaz Jahanpour, by USAID / Digital Development Communication on Flickr, CC BY 2.0.
The first Corona virus was reported in Tanzania in mid- March, 2020.
However, after statistics continued climbing to 509 patients and 21 deaths at the end of April, the Tanzanian government announced that not one UVIKO-19 patient in June.
In the same month, Kassim Majaliwa, the country's prime minister, told the parliament that there were only 66 patients across the country, but he did not comment further.
Since then, the government has been silent about the Corona virus as heavily explicit political statements denied the existence of the virus without any statistics or deaths.
Today, many activities are going on as usual, including the Tanzanian tourist sector, which attracts thousands of visitors to the country via arbitrary airports.
The Zanzibar airport got the lowest mark of two stars on the health and safety assessment by the Skytrax Confirmers at the Bird Safety Square against UVIKO-19, the only measure for confidence to confirm the measures taken by airport authorities to strengthen safety during the epidemic.
According to the Skytrax report, two new patients infected with a new South African virus proved to travel into Denmaki on 19 Janurari, from Tanzania.
The eagerly awaited concert that takes place once a year, the Voice of Busara, will be held in central February on the islands of Zanzibar, by the European Union in Tanzania and some European ambassadors in Tanzania, this time when the country faces a serious risk of this new type of virus spreading across the country in Africa and South Africa, Brazil.
On January 24, the Catholic State of Arusha issued warnings to its adherents against the presence of UVIKO-19 in Tanzania, asking its believers to follow all necessary health precautions to protect themselves and the spread of the viruses in churches.
Although the memories indicate that Tanzania has fewer patients compared to other countries, the government’s silence over the UVIKO-19 statistics has brought concern among health professionals and human rights activists, who have been prevented from speaking and talking about UVIKO-19 on the internet.
The country revised the 2018 edition of Eletronian and Postal Communication Principles in July, blocking content with information related to the explosion of a deadly or deadly disease in the country or anywhere without the permission of the authorities.
Although preliminary HIV prevention measures were taken, now schools, colleges, offices, and other social activities have returned to normal.
However, the virus continues to spread abroad.
President John Magufuli expressed concerns about the quality of laboratory equipment and the integrity of his contemporaries after secret experiments were allegedly made with papayas and goats to reply that they were infected with the virus.
The president said that providing these statistics was causing needless technologies and shortly thereafter, hired Nyambura Moremi, the director of the national health laboratory, for allegedly censoring the results.
The UVIKO-19 Cabinet organized by the minister ended up dissolved.
In June, Magufuli thanked God for removing the virus from Tanzania, following three days of national prayer.
He made the announcement publicly at Sunday worship, in the midst of the faithful who were praising him, claiming that God had answered their petitions.
Magufuli praised the parishioners for not wearing land, as well as a call by the World Health Organization to ask people to wear it to stop the spread of the virus.
Magufuli, nicknamed bulldozer for his strong stand against corruption, was chosen for the second time in October 2020 in a widely criticized election for criticizing opponents.
Prior to the election, Tanzanians were shocked by the shutdown of social media platforms, including Instagram, WhatsApp and Twitter, were blocked.
To this day, many Tanzanians cannot enter Twitter without using the VPN technology.
For more than five years, the Magufuli administration has severely restricted freedom of democracy and civilian activities and restricted freedom of expression and the right to obtain information on digital platforms.
Following the government's strict denial of UVIKO-19, Tanzanians are not allowed to provide any statistics of the UVIKO-19 which the government has not verified, which means that ordinary citizens including journalists and health professionals are prohibited from commenting on UVIKO-19 in digital platforms or reporting.
The right to report UVIKO-19 has turned into a biased bias for some people, according to a national hospital doctor who spoke to Global Voices on terms of anonymity, fearing expulsion.
Unlike other countries with special teams working for UVIKO-19 reports, Tanzania has a web site with a few outdated information about UVIKO-19.
Pronunciation of UVIKO-19 seems acceptable to many Tanzanians, including health professionals, who ignore important lectures like wearing a continent and avoiding traffic jams.
Global Voices visited a number of hospitals including Muhimbili, a government appeal hospital in Dar es Salaam, the country's capital, and Benjamin Mkapa Hospital in Dodoma, the political capital, and witnessed a few precautions being taken to deal with the spread of the corona virus.
People are allowed to enter the hospitals without wearing the provinces, there are few cleaner appliances and washing hands and those present are waterless or disintegrated, for example, on the women's limbs Muhimbili.
While the Magufuli administration has not shown the impact of the virus on the daily lives of citizens, many ministers of his government and their departments agree that UVIKO-19 exists.
Tanzania's Finance Minister calls on his Ministry to take all precautions to protect himself from the korona virus, while saying Tanzania is not bothered by UVIKO-19.
Photo from the Mwananchi newspaper.
For example, when Magufuli was sworn for a second time last year, the government authorities took much precautions against the UVIKO-19, forcing all in attendance to measure body temperature and wash their hands on specially watery areas and non-populations.
On January 25, Tanzanian Finance Minister Dr. Philip Arrao called his ministry's attendants to take precautions against UVIKO-19 and at the same time denying the presence of the disease in Tanzania, during his conference in Dodoma, is a political center.
Many internal experts are afraid to speak, in fear of being taken action.
Global Voices spoke to a health professional who believed Tanzania could be facing a second wave of explosion but thought the citizens were hidden from the news.
The specialist did not want to be named, fearing to be taken action.
Another health professional told Global Voices for not being named that people must be aware of the behavior of the UVIKO-19 situation in order to take precautions to protect themselves and prevent the spread of the virus to their communities.
He said that leaving people in the dark makes their work difficult but believed that the Tanzanians would try to protect themselves by taking all the precautions advised by the World Health Organization (WHO).
He told Global Voices:
Politicians captured this whole issue of UVIKO-19 and play a dangerous game, but when people start to die they will evict health workers.
Another doctor who spoke to Global Voices on his name said that while there is hopes for protection, the government's utterance of the state of Tanzania to refute the existence of the disease will result in its recovery, because the government has not taken any initiative to search for the world's markets, and instead to flee to herbal remedies.
In December 2020, spokesperson for Health Minister Gerald Chamii expressed his concern about the vaccines in the world, saying to East African:
It doesn't take up to six months to get a vaccine or a treatment for a certain illness.
We have stumbled ourselves since the explosion started, I am not sure if it is prudent to get the protection and distribute it to the public without performing medical tests to prove his safety to our people.
Getting information is an important issue for democracy and development.
Tanzanian netizen regulations have been misused aiming to silence voices and those speaking against how Tanzania deals with the issue of UVIKO-19.
Freedom of speech, including the right to obtain, receive, and spread information, is protected by international laws.
In Tanzania, the right to report, and report and spread information, is recognized by Ibbara 18 (1) and 18 (2) of the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Tanzania.
However, these rights seem to be more theories than reality.
Under the government's refusal of UVIKO-19 and the absence of laws that prevent people from sharing information and commenting on the disease, the Internet and the streets, Tanzanians are left unfounded and many are afraid to speak.
This post is part of a series of articles analyzing the interference of digital rights during suspension measures to regulate the spread ofVIKO-19 in nine African countries: Uganda, Zimbabwe, Mozambique, Algeria, Nigeria, Nigeria, Tunisia, Tanzania and Ethiopia.
The project is sponsored by Africa's Digital Rights Foundation is run by the International Policy of East Africa and the Survival of the African Land (CIPESA).
Photo showing the graduation of police studies in Mozambique | Screenshot of August 19, STV Youtube, was taken by the owner
Reclaims of the Mozambican police station evacuated in the press in early August revealed that 15 students became pregnant in a police school in Matalane, a district of Maputo.
The documents say that these pregnancies are the result of a sexual relationship between students and trainers without describing whether these relationships were voluntary.
However it has been explained that pregnant students will not be able to complete the training at the moment, and they will travel back to their homes for transportation by the police.
Finally the report said that the instructors involved will be stopped.
When asked by O País magazine on August 8, General Police Commander Bernardino Rafael said that all participants will meet with disciplinary procedures.
It didn't take long before this advice was condemned on social media.
Several netizens expressed disapproval of the school’s decisions and demanded justice for the women.
Tiger Fátima Mimbire wrote on Facebook:
Matalane's issue should be taken seriously.
I have been heartbroken at this issue of the pregnancy of 15 students of the Matalane training center.
This is a big deal.
It is a big thing because as the documents show the characters they are instructors.
Now a person with authority over another becomes pregnant with the result is a little process?
This reminds me of a teacher who demanded sex bribes for her students to give them a grade or not to humiliate them in the classroom because the students are inexperienced, and instead of being charged that the teacher was transferred to teach elsewhere.
And there he continues his exploitation.
Txeka, a female rights activist, also condemned this on Twitter:
Matalane's Counsel
Creating a socially equalized society in protecting equal rights for citizens requires equal education as well as development policies regarding public development and scientific knowledge and ethics and nationalistic education.
Matalane's Counsel
Blaming violence against women is common to male-population communities, known for tyranny and complying with men's requirements, bringing the convictions of victims and reducing the guilt of the oppressors.
University professor Carlos Serra said:
Matalane?
It is a tiny piece of ice that looks and Matalane is ours.
I think of the day when they begin to describe their experiences, starting from their childhood.
Journalist and activist Selma Inocência likewise said:
Very few teachers have been taken to court, charged and convicted.
They are responsible for losing their childhood thousands of girls.
School is not a safe place.
Statistics show that hundreds of girls get pregnant at school with other characters being instructors, teachers and school principals.
A petition has been passed calling for punishment for the police officers involved.
So far more than 3,8000 people have signed.
For the government the issue is fundamental and is undergoing a thorough investigation of the ministry stairway by the Mozambican police chief.
Jamuri cannot and will not tolerate such issues.
The law must take its course and it is for everyone.
Nobody is above the law.
The investigation continues by taking a closer look at all the facts in the case and considering the psychological and emotional condition of these pregnant women because they deserve to be respected for their character.
Another Case
This is a continuation of violence cases with Mozambican women who are not reported in the media.
One of the recent press cases was that of Alberto Niquice, the Liberation Front of Mozambique (Frelimo), who is facing criminal advice for the rape of a 13-year-old child in 2018.
Earlier this year, 30 civil institutions in Mozambique wanted Niquice to be discharged after his reelection in 2019.
However, the deputy took the office and works as usual in the parliament.
Another press case is about the atrocities of Josina Machel, the daughter of the first Mozambican president, Samora Machel.
In October 2015, Josina was beaten by her three-year-old Rofini Licuco left with one eye blindness.
Licuco was sentenced to 3 years and 4 months and paid a compensation of 300 million metica (US $4.2 million) for Josina.
However Rofino appealed and June this year the Supreme Court of Appeal canceled the case beyond allegations that there was not enough evidence in this case.
Tuesday This Giving, contribute Global Voices: https://globalvoices.org/donate/
The year 2020 has been unique and it is not yet complete.
In the middle of all, we Global Voices have continued to publish stories from all four corners of the world, bringing our readers a unique global perspective on issues such as the UVIKO-19, racial movement, demonstrations in countries like Belarus and Thailand, and more, and more.
The blogosphere, journalists, journalists and digital rights activists of Global Voices have been working for more than 16 years to build bridges between countries and languages and to defend press freedoms, Internet transparency, and the right of everyone, anywhere and freedom of expression.
Please Check Global Voices This Tuesday
Our work and the international community of journalists is evidence that human relations regardless of the diversity of differences can change the way people understand the world.
Please help us today to keep this important work going.
← Changia Global Voices >
December 2004.
You had to be a university student on Facebook, Twitter had not yet been used, provocatives were still living in the censorship bridges.
Our phones were still unsuspecting, leaks then meant water and you would call a plumber to repair, yet the Amazon.com could not sell some of the goods.
There were many news sites, blogs were there and did well, and we started talking online.
That is where Global Voices was born.
We're 15 years old!
At the age of dogs, it is 110 years.
For the Internet, that's OK 1000 years.
Today we wish to use this opportunity to thank our biographical writers all over the world and our faithful readers and allies for giving Global Voices the strength and ability to keep moving forward.
Since 2004, we have helped to write a lot of news around the world.
We have published nearly 100,000 articles, and created special posts aimed at enabling local communities to use digital media and fight for online rights, including building a translation community of more than 51 languages.
Without you, there would be no Global Voices.
Help us complete 15 years.
We mean we need your help.
Contributions from individuals help to protect our freedom and enable us to make difficult decisions to grow and change.
Please support us today!
Donate now!
Travelers across the border between Ghana and Togo, West Africa, on January 25, 2016.
Photo by Enock4seth via Wikimedia Commons, CC BY-SA 4.0.
African leaders have taken a quick decision to deal with the UVIKO-19.
The African Center for Disease Control (ACDC) created the UVIKO-19 on February 5, before the continent has seen a single patient.
Today, Africa is currently the least affected region in the world with 1,293,048 confirmed UVIKO-19 patients with 1,031,905 reported healing, according to Africa CDCP.
The country has less than 5 percent of the patients reported around the world and less than 1% of all the deaths in the world.
Now, as African countries led by the African Union are relaxing COVID-19 restrictions and preparing to reopen their economy and borders, many governments are using innovative technology.
The ambition, of African technology that can monitor the spread and meet COVID-19 surveying centers across the continent has led to the use of PanaBIOS, a biologic technology supported by the African Union.
PanaBIOS has provided a program that sets down piles and Internets and uses algonamis to follow people who are at risk and keep samples records from natural to laboratory.
This technology is created by Koldchain, Kenya's spraying institute, and funded by AfroChampions, public and private collaboration designed to bring together the resources of Africa and the institution to help the boots and achievements of private sectors in Africa.
Ghana is the only country for this hour using PanaBIOS technology while opening its borders.
PanaBIOS to ensure that travelers can use the results of measures from other countries to satisfy the demands of port permits for the country they travel through the PanaBios usage program or in addition to the distribution system for travel documents.
Health officials in the harbor are using a business edition to regulate health documents in the same way for all countries.
Complete laws to protect data and privacy
The African Union and CDCP are urging member nations to join a TV platform, PanaBIOS that will enable the results across the continent to be grouped together.
But the figures of intervention have raised many questions about data’s creativity and privacy.
Government censorship and discrimination can inspire fear and intimidate citizenship, especially in the continent where only 27 out of 54 countries have perfect law for protection and privacy of data.
Other African countries, if Ghana has altered the law to give the president emergency authority to deal with the disaster by ordering a telecommunications company to give personal comments on customers such as the customer's sanctuary, the client's memory, a mobile phone data and has not been used, the minimums of traditional traders, and addresses.
To ensure the protection and privacy of data, all the techniques of the PanaBIOS sequence are on the overall data.
The data collected is edited for data analysis not a personal target data unless it grows for arriving, where it will end up to suspected or affected.
To ensure the prevention of independence, the African Union, the PanBIOS, and its allies should suggest how they should take into account the data regulations of different countries to protect privacy, ensure data sanctions and avoid sharing their data.
Currently, this pragram-use does not have a private policy available to the public, which explains to users the principles of collecting and sharing data.
The challenge is how private policies will achieve various objectives, policies, nationals, and data bands such as the African Union Convention on Internet Safety and Security of Personal Statistics, Advancement of Southern Africa (SADC) law on data protection, DOOUND / West Africa.
Technological solutions have contributed to the success of COVID-19 Africa
Along with PanaBIOS, some Akan nations have complemented the technological response to the spread of COVID-19.
For example, scientists from Seka Security still developed an apparatus that costs $1 and 3D Patients.
Wellvis, an organisation of Nigeria, created a COVID-19, an independent network to help users measure the risk of contracting corona viruses according to the symptoms and history of being at risk.
The South African government used a text messaging network Whatsapp to provide interactive discussions to answer common questions about false stories, symptoms and COVID-19
And Uganda, market women used the Soko Garden Trade to sell their products at home using the program, and the motorcycle taxi took the purchaser.
Africa succeeds in controlling and overseeing the spread of COVID-19 has been linked to a young public, the capacity to measure and monitor the dead, and the possibility of the presence of SARS-CoV-2 of other Africans .
But it is evident that technology-related discoveries have contributed to the great success of COVID-19, despite the leadership of the judge at the beginning of the disaster.
Solomon Zewdu, a deputy physician and Bill and Melinda abbreviated how, in January, when many western nations were hesitant, Ethiopia began filtering the AddisAba scorpion.
Rwanda became the first African country to stop the regular riots on March 21, and a number of African countries to track hivo recently: South Africa implemented a combination of regular guildings while it grew up with 400 cases and two deaths.
(In the population, Italy grew up with more than 9,000 cases and 400 deaths in action.)
To the contrary, the beauty of those affected and died in America is six times the number of Africa.
Public - health experts estimated that the disaster would have a major impact on the African continent and its dead bodies on the streets .
Bayana, Africa has proved otherwise.
This story is based on Factcheck Lab's research, a verification agency in Hong Kong, which is also a Global Voices contributor.
From September 22, the news and social media coverage of Chinese networks quoted as the world's leading scientist (SAD), Dr. Soumya Swaminathan, said the Chinese vaccine against COVID-19 has been proved to have an impact.
The reports and publications quote the source of a Chinese television video for a video-based China Miaopai.
The video shows a speech by SAD executive director Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus highlighting the importance of developing the vaccine of UVIKO-19, followed by Dr.Swaminathan's comments.
In the CCTV video, which a brief commentary says WHO's leading scientist: China vaccines of UVIKO-19 confirm that they have an effect (), this is a statement by Swaminathan:
As you know, they have a perfect program to develop a vaccine and some of the vaccines are going ahead in clinical tests, this is also interest to us, we follow it closely.
Some of the participants have confirmed benefiting from the ongoing clinic tests.
But Dr.Swaminathan’s original speech is edited.
His last sentence, in fact, started with a word if, and a background musician made it come out as if he said it proved instead of a confirmation.
The statement by Dr.Swaminathan is the following:
We have been involved in the debate and Chinese debate over the past months because, as you know, those who also have a full program to develop vaccines and many of their vaccines are in front of clinical tests, this is our interest to us, and we follow closely.
We've had a constructive and open discussion and have always insisted on their global voluntary devotion if some of their vaccines have gone through ongoing clinic tests
So I think about the dialogue going on, it is still clear and we are sending to many countries they will know.
These comments were made at a press conference not a SAD event held on September 21.
A full copy of the event of an hour and a half can be found here.
The conference intended to submit a petition about a $18 billion of WHO agents and other agencies to send a vaccine to the UVIKO-19 in the world.
So far, 156 nations have registered themselves in this scheme; neither China nor the Americas are among them.
As estimated, the CCTVT video, as well as news reports and produced literature, has attracted patriotic consents.
The publication in Weibo and the Daily Economic News has been popular with over 337,000 people.
Below are some popular opinions:
I am very proud of my country.
This is the gift of the National Day and the Mid-day Festival.
You can't think of China.
Open my country.
China has saved the world.
After investigators actually point out the words of Dr. have been misled, the press duty, and CGTN and CCTV, deleted their social media publications.
Among them is the Communist Association of China Youths, whose publication was unearthed by Twitter user @Emi20JP before it disappeared from Weibo:
Tedros is apt to be vaccinated first.
Like @Emi20JP, many Twitter users believed WHO was assisting China with distorting the video, and posted a negative comment on Tedros:
Tedros is a toilet sill!
I will pay to give Tedros an extra shot!
Yesterday my mother told me, this country's news said America will buy a lot of vaccines from China.
I don't have to explain . Let them live in their fantasy .
A very good job, from covering the spread of the virus to advertisements for the sale of vaccines!
Although Chinese literature has been erased, copyists are still circulating on social media, such as public post WeChat.
The Beijing news media in Hong Kong, like Speak Out HK (and Today Review), has also published a story from the hio video.
There are almost 200 UVIKO-19 vaccines in the long distances of clinical experiments in the world, and many of them have been organized by Chinese libraries.
Nothing has passed 3 phases of attempts now.
Protests against the death of doctor Silvio Dala in Luanda.
Photo by Simão Hossi, CC-BY 3.0
Hundreds of Angolans took to the streets to protest on September 12 in Luanda, Benguela and 15 other cities against police brutality.
The protest started after shocking news of the death of 35-year-old doctor Silvio Dala, who lost his life on September 1 under police supervision.
According to authorities reports, Dala left with his car from the David Bernardino Children's Hospital in Luanda, where he worked as a clinical director and was stopped by the police because he didn't wear a land.
The doctor was taken to the Catotes Police station in the nearby town of Rocha Pinto, and when she showed signs of desperation and started fainting, she fell down and hit her head and caused a small wound in her head saying the official police notice.
It also said that Dala died when police officers took him to the hospital.
The Doctors Party protested the report.
The president of the party Adriano Manuel told the American Voices (VOA) that there is a controversy in the administration where it shows that the doctor was solved.
Manuel told the German Voice (DW) that the source of death described by the police is not real.
Anyone who is a doctor and has studied medicine will know that this is not what killed Silvio.
According to DW, the source of information from the interior says that the investigation took place in front of the family and the prosecutor and proved that the doctor was not a beating victim.
The party said it would take legal action against the police.
Meanwhile the Angolan government has created a commission that will cooperate with the Ministry of Health to investigate the incident.
The organizers do not believe the police's statement about Dala's death.
The banners used by protesters in various areas of Luanda said: Execution, You are paid to protect us, you are not paid to kill us, I am Silvio Dala, Have killed Silvio Silvio Dala.
There were also those who called the Minister of Interior Eugénio Laborinho to resign.
Protests were organized by the Association of Doctors in association with civil institutions and institutions.
Protests against the death of doctor Silvio Dala in Luanda.
Photo by Simão Hossi, CC-BY 3.0
Protests against the death of doctor Silvio Dala hiko Luanda.
Photo by Simão Hossi, CC-BY 3.0
Since the start of the corona crisis in Angola, several police cases have been reported to use considerable power during investigation and sometimes lead to civilian deaths.
Speaking to Lusa, a blasphemer at Brigadeiro 10 Pacotes, whose real name is Bruno Santos, wanted Lugarinho to resign and demanded that the police school improve his training structure.
The police force is an institution that should give the public confidence, but today the people are lacking confidence, that is, fearful when they meet the police, he concluded.
Protests against the death of doctor Silvio Dala in Luanda.
Photo by Simão Hossi, CC-BY 3.0
Many moved the protests on Facebook and WhatsApp to protest.
Activist and scholar Nuno Álvaro Dala wrote on Facebook:
SILVIO DATE POLITIC POLITICS
Photos are very powerful and simultaneous.
All of us must demand justice.
The local police must pay for their crimes.
Things cannot continue to be this.
On Twitter, Isabel dos Santos, former chairman of the board of directors of Sonangol oil gas, daughter of former president José Eduardo dos Santos, said:
#EuSouSilvioDala sábado anunciada manifestação pacífica e silenciosa pelo Sindicato Nacional dos Médicos de Angola (SINMEA),conMEAvidando to profiscionais deú saúde,outroscato silics de Angola
Isabel Dos Santos (@isabelaangola) September 11, 2020
#MimiNiSilvioDala.
On Saturday the Angolan Association of Doctors (SINMEA) announced a silent and peaceful strike calling on health workers, other parties and civil society organizations to protest police brutality as a sign of remembering Silvio Dala, at 6:30pm in Largo da Mutamba
The headline: Angolans march in the streets against police brutality and demand that the killings be stopped.
Meanwhile, in Tweeter Alejandro also questioned the participation of social media activists in Angola in this event:
Quando o George Floyd foi morto os chamados Influencers Angolanos mostraram o seu apoio a movimento Black Lives, mass a morte do medico angolanos Sílavio Da os irmão nence farsO fas
Alejandro (@AlejandroCutieG) September 7, 2020
When George Floyd was killed as netizens who expressed their support for the Black Life process on Value, but in the death of Angolan doctor Silvio Dala, the brothers do nothing about the tragedy!
Hachalu Hundessa under an interview with OMN via Firaabeek Entertainment / CC BY 3.0.
Editor's excerpt: This is a two-speaking analysis of Hachalu Hundessa, a popular musician of Oromo whose murder aroused the confusion of religious and ethnic beliefs because of misinformation presented on social media.
Read the second section here
Chief Ethopian musician Hachalu Hundessa gained popularity with his creativity and talent to identify the public about the Oromo people.
He was killed in the outskirts of the capital city of Ethiopia, Addis Ababa, on June 29 this year.
That night three and a half hours, when Hachalu got off his car, a man named Tilahun Yami walked toward his car and shot him in his chest.
He was rushed to a nearby hospital where it was officially confirmed that he had died.
It was later discovered that lead seriously damaged its internal organs.
Addis Ababa’s police chief reported that two accused were arrested.
Within a few days the government authorities sentenced the killers and their two partners.
In his execution, the country has entered a difficult time to appease the violence that followed.
The fact is that the genocide of the Hachalu has not been clearly defined as well as its consequences, rumors began to spread after politicians and activists put a lot of emphasis on the conflict between the leaders of Oromo and Amahara who are the largest ethnic groups in Ethiopia.
On the day of his funeral, mourners flooded the streets of Addis Ababa and other cities around the state of Oromo.
The next morning Oromia Media Network (OMN), where Hachalu made his final interviews, they broadcasted lectures via television and networks and showed when his coffin was transported from Addis Aba to their home in Ambo.
The slow-step ads turned into a battlefield between the government authorities and the opposition leaders, with wherever he was buried in Hachalu and OMN had to announce his ads; they were allegedly forced to return to Addis Ababa.
Ten people were killed and several others injured in Addis Ababa.
The impact led to the arrest of some opposition leaders including the OMN leader Jawar Mohammed and opposition leader Bekele Gerba where they were accused of inciting violence.
The controversy arose further after the government authorities took the Hachalu's body back to their hometown in Ambo by means of helkopta, where both sides continued to quarrel and deprive the tent family of opportunity to give their brother a proper burial.
After that violence and fighting followed.
The clashes took three days to tear down some areas of Oromo and Addis Ababa and the real devastation: 239 deaths and hundreds injured, more than 7,000 have been arrested for causing disturbance and destruction of millions of birr, Kietpia's currency.
On June 30, the government tried to shut down the internet to prevent the spread of mobilisation taking place on social media and lasting three weeks.
Several people were shot by security authorities but some of the news sources including the American Sauti and Addis Standard reported that angry groups from the Oromo tribe attacked people of various groups including cities and streets inhabited by different faiths, located in the South East of Oromo, targeting the families of the non-Muslimers in the country.
More violence was in the mixed region of the Amahara-Oromo and religion may have played a big role because of the awareness that: the Oriental Oromo community is identified by the Islamic religious mixture and the Afan-Oromo users.
One local farmer said we thought Hachalu was Muoromo after watching live broadcasts depicting the funeral of the Hachalu funerals that followed the customs of the Orthodox Church of Tewahedo Ethiopia.
According to reports, many of the victims of the violence were Amharic Christians, Aromonic Christians and the people of Gurage.
One witness said that the groups destroyed and burned property and killed by cutting the victims on their heads and legs.
A Forecast of Interviews
As news of the killings of Hachalu was heard only, the source of Oromo news of the diaspora involved his death and the final interviews that Hachalu and the OMN TV station led by Guyo Wariyo, and was launched a week before Hachalu was killed.
During the interview Gayo repeated asking Hachalu the trap questions about his support for the ruling party and occasionally interrupted him when he was replying.
Hachalu refused to join the ruling party but also criticized the conflict and separation of the Oromo political parties, demonstrating freedom of thought as a musician which made him the target of online attacks to the day he was killed.
However, Guyo asked Hachalu about the historic exploitation of the Oromo people by King Menelik II who built the modern Ethiopia.
Hachalu surprised many listeners when he said that the horse planted by Menelik on the statue in Addis Ababa was the property of an Oromo farmer named Sida Debelle, and Menelik stole the horse.
The response appealed to his praise and criticism from various people on Facebook and Twitter.
While Hachalu was killed a week later many Oromos in the outskirts of the country felt that Hachalu's criticizing the image of Menelik II angered the supporters of the royal Ethiopia and resulted in his execution.
In social media the citizens struggled with what Hachalu said against Menelik, and this led to widespread rumors with a lot of false information.
Another part of the interview carries information on the issue of separation and conflict within the Oromo community.
In all interviews Guyo drilled Hachalu out of the country's political upheaval and the anti-government movement by asking a question about Prime Minister Abiy Ahmed, who is Muoromo and that if the government has been able to meet the demands of the Oromo people since he entered power in 2018.
Hachalu repeated that he was not involved in the promiscuity of Oromo politics but criticized all those judging Abiy nationalism.
He protected his position against the main opposition leaders who joined the Tigray People's Liberation Front (TPLF), which once drew close to the Ethiopian People's Revolutionary Front ( EPRDF).
TPLF turned into an opposition party after Abiy demolished EPRDF.
Hachalu also spoke of the ongoing political upheavals in the province of Oromo condemning both sides the government authorities and the militant militants of the right Oromo Liberation Front (OLF) where they (kkknown as OLF-Shane).
Following the Hachalu massacre, the government was able to take a 71-minute interview belt and throw it to the public.
The band includes a message of death threats used in Hachalu from Western Oromo, where the OLF-Shane militants are busy.
Hachalu said he believed he would not be attacked online if he praised OLF-Shane.
He spoke directly about the conflict between him and Getachew Assefa, Ethiopia’s Chief Safety Executive in TPLF in power.
Guyo, who announced the interviews on her Facebook page by calling you to see them a few days before his launch, has been arrested by the police ever since and the government is investigating the 71-minute contract to the interview to find examples that will help to find solutions to the origin of the Hachalu massacre.
Read more about the impact of the murder of Hachalu Hundessa on the II.
Photo from the Guardian YouTube video about female harassment.
The phenomenon COVID-19 has largely affected women's rights in the Middle East and North Africa; from a steady rise in unemployment to the loss of jobs.
But there is one conspicuous area where women have been affected by harassment, and this is after the explosion of Korona’s disaster and the hectic pace to deal with it.
In April, the United Nations announced that as a result of restrictions on the struggle to combat the corona crisis, there are 2 million cases of harassment that are speculated in the next decade that would put one another to prevent whether the corona prevention plans and harassment and efforts to stem from
Tweeting involves cutting or eliminating the exterior of vagina, or injuring parts of the vagina without any connection or theory of medical treatment, according to the World Health Organization (WHO).
This is a traditional and religious culture that takes root throughout Africa, the Middle East and Asia, and is practiced by traditional midwives, grazers with knives, razors or bottles.
Skepticism is also known as the rejection of secrecy is widely believed to be one of the most inhuman atrocities against girls and women, and it is still very little reported in the Middle East.
It is estimated that at least 200 million women are affected by it.
This is well summed up by UNICEF in a video:
In the Middle East and North African regions, harassment is a problem that in particular troubles Egypt, Sudan, Yemen, Iraq and Djibouti.
Carlos Javier Aguilar, Adviser to the Protection Affairs of the Child, explains more,
Somalia is thought to have a large number of harassers where 98 percent of women between the ages of 15 and 49 are distracted.
In Djibouti, an estimated 93 percent have been affected, Egypt 92 percent, Sudan 88%, Mauritania 69 percent, Yemen 19 percent and Iraq 7% according to statistics released in June by the United Nations Population Organization (UNFPA).
This phenomenon varies according to the social class, ethnicity and educational level in every country and in urban or rural areas.
Chemotherapy often happens between the poorest people or the uneducated families in the rurals.
In Yemen, relapse takes root in the Coastal region but is taking place a bit in the North.
In Iraq, this action has spread widely in the Northern Hemisphere.
In Egypt it is being done more for girls living in the Egyptian Upper Strip.
In Mauritania, more than 90 percent of the poorest women from the poorest families have been harassed in comparison with 37 percent of women from high-profile families.
COMMUNICATION: Smallest - Reported Cruelty
The magnitude and magnitude of relativism will have been despised because the world does not have a literal picture of perfect reform, according to a joint report starting in March, it has been approved by the US, the Internet from Europe to Delegate Communism and the Net to stop repressing from the US.
The report showed that this culture is growing and is also taking place even in the Middle East and Asia, and the world has actually ignored the harassment.
Small new initiatives show that harassment is also taking place in Iran, as well as all countries of the Gulf, such as Kuwait, Arab Species, Omani and Saudi Arabia.
Divya Srinivasan from Equality Now told Reuters that she was amazed at the results of such minimal research from such areas as Omani and Saudi Arabia where it is not usually the sites that can come to your mind when you visualize the matter of Chetanicism
This report was published when the COVID-19 disaster was raging in the Middle East and was never published or translated by Arab media and social media.
Social misunderstandings about harassment can confirm the notion that harassment is not a matter of serious concern.
Social Ideas
In the Middle East, there are surrounding of women's bodies where it is prohibited from publicly discussing confidential matters such as criticism which are linked to traditional beliefs, religion and culture.
For example, in Egypt Christians and Muslims together believe that girls’ harassment makes them more attractive to their husbands and protects them from harm, as well as the parties fear that their daughters will not be married if they aren't harassed, according to a report by Tokomezamea in the Middle East, a campaign that was organized in 2013 to give society a public awareness of Asia and to the world.
The institute continues to collect more reports of reform and has created a way to collect information that will help individuals or groups to do a small research on harassment.
People prefer to avoid dialogue and harassment if it just happens to touch the headlines like the death of a 12 - year - old daughter died after being deported in Southern Egypt in February, people speak.
Ghida Hussein, an Egyptian student told Global Voices that:
Since we don't talk about it, it's like the problem isn't there.
The relapse is held silently behind the closed doors.
It is not far from the educated people in the cities where activists and politicians are sitting.
Skepticism is a complex matter and perhaps an international community will provide money and mobilization, or you will not see a society dominated by a layer of men giving the matter priority.
Breaking taboos and talking about harassment makes human rights defenders vulnerable to verbal abuse and hatred.
In Oman, female rights activist Habiba al Hinai, founder of the Human Rights Institute Omani researched in 2017 in Omani and found that 78 percent of the women were harassed.
After publishing the results of his online research, Habiba received attacks and threats:
I posted the results of online research and the reaction was great.
I have been attacked by religious conservatives who said that harassment is part of Islamic worship.
In Omani, where harassment is not officially recognized, there is no protection for the victims.
Habiba added this in his statement:
How can you tell the manusura to talk about harassment and then face all these consequences if criticized, insulting even family or clan can exclude her, perhaps even if her husband can divorce her – if there is no official form of support.
I don't expect these women to stand up and speak up and face the community.
Disappointment: So systematically, Not Satisfied
In Yemen and the Arab Union, harassment is restricted to health institutions, but not in the halls.
In Mauritania, there is a legal barrier but not a direct prohibition.
In Iraq, harassment is prohibited there in the religious state of Kurdi, but it is still legal in the central Iraq region.
There were signs of absenteeism.
The years following the establishment of the women's rights organization, Egypt prohibited harassment in 2008.
Sudan during a period of political transition after 30 years of dictatorship, has been the first to prohibit harassment in April.
But law enforcement is a major challenge because harassment is still at a high level and is also widely accepted .
Although law is not the most important weapon but still not enough.
Countries need a national strategy to be implemented involving police, courts, health services, clerks and provide education for the community.
A series of regional disasters and dictatorial authorities has delayed reforms preventing campaigns and declining resources and violations of women’s circumstances.
Now all the world's eyes are focused on fighting COVID-19 and its impact on many economies and programs that are directly related to the rights of women in a dangerous environment and providing social services have been postponed or perhaps not prioritizen.
With so many poor families and many girls who are expelled from school or infancy, the relapse is like you're getting a chance out of the region.
Photo by Abubakar Idris Dadiyata, used with permission from The SignalNg.
Abubakar Idris Dadiyata, a prominent lecturer and critic of the Nigerian government was captured at his home on August 1, 2019, in Barnawa neighbor and Kaduna, in northern Nigeria.
A year after his abduction Dadiyata has not been found.
Abubakar Idris (Didiyata) was captured at his home in the state of Kaduna, Nigeria.
His movements are not yet known.
Her family and friends want answers to their questions: where is @dadiyata?
Abubakar is a lost victim #SikuYaKupotea #MwachieniHuruDadiyata.
Dadiyata was a tutor at Dutsinma University of Umma, in Katsina State.
As a member of the opposition party and Democracy (People's Democratic Party) Dadiyata was always scrambled by members of the ruling Development Party for All People (All Progress Congressive Party) on social media.
Read More: Fear spreads against the kidnapping of the Nigerian government critic
All state state state state institutions and central governments are not responsible for anything
Dadiyata was forcibly taken away by the kidnappers at 7pm when he arrived at his home, a year ago on August 1, 2019, reported the Premium Times.
Dadyata's wife, Kadija in an interview with BBC News recalled that her husband was talking to the phone while his car engine was still burning, when he was arrested by the kidnappers.
Although Kadija could not hear what was being discussed or who was talking to her on the phone, she remembers that her husband's kidnappers were pursuing her and came home.
Dadiyata's wife remained in the window in their room as her husband was taken away from the kidnappers.
Worse, there is no information about Dadiyata.
It hurts, so much how their children keep asking their missing father, Kadija told BBC.
Besides searching for Dadiyata, Nigeria's security institutions have continued to devote themselves to any kind of blame related to her loss.
The Nigerian National Defense of Defense, until January, refused to put Dadiyata in detention.
The National Defense Department says that since Dadiyata was taken to her home by armed men does not mean that the people are members of the State Security Department.
Likewise the attorney general of the State of Kaduna, Aisha Dikko, refused to know where or to get involved in Dadiyata’s kidnapping.
In any case it is a conservative opinion to believe that since he was captured in the state of Kaduna, the state government is involved, said Dikko.
However, denial of the State Security and the government of the state of Kaduna does not eliminate Dadiyata’s wife’s concerns with their two children nor does it bring her independence.
The petitions for Dadiyata's release continue to be launched on Twitter with the hashtag #MwakaBilaDadiyata, a demand for his independence from Nigerians.
Bulama Bukarti complained about the pain this terrorism has caused Dadiyata's family:
It's amazing how a Nigerian can be lost like that.
We must continue to do everything possible to unite Dadiyata with his family.
There is no place for terrorism like this.
Those who captured Dadiyata will come to pay the bill.
If not now it must be later.
This Twitter user was disappointed when he heard Dadiyata's wife interview:
I was embarrassed by hearing Dadiyata's wife interrogate with @bbchausa, this morning.
The only thing she asks is for her kidnappers to forgive her and let her husband come back to her family, especially her small children.
Akin Akíntáy does not understand how Dadiyata can disappear undetected throughout the year:
One question I ask myself how Dadiyata and his car got lost without leaving marks for a year in Nigeria; and neither is the government worried about the matter, it seeks to wash rather than take responsibility to find him because he was targeted for his criticism?
The worst is like nobody cares about searching for the critic:
Contrary to the institutions of all state and federal governments are struggling to avoid responsibility for not doing anything, said Human Rights activist Professor Chidi Odinkalu in an interview with Vyral Africa:
Besides saying they don't know where he is, no one has demonstrated what they've done to get him and how they don't want to be involved with him.
This shows you how unimportant we are like little citizens.
The small thing we can do is ask where Dadiyata is and why doesn't our government find him?
Students in Kaduna State, Nigeria.
Photo by Jeremy Weate, January 15, 2010 via Flickr / CC BY 2.0.
Armed Vikings invaded high school in Kaduna, Northwest Nigeria on August 24 and killed a man and captured four students and a teacher reported on the source of online news, SaharaReporters.
With weapons they arrived and attacked the village of Damba-Kasaya in the Chikun administration, the state of Kaduna in 1.45 a.m. on motorcycles, reportedly killed Benjamin Auta, a farmer, according to a Premium Times online report.
The armed men headed for Prince high school where they captured Christianah Ma Brothers and four students, Favour Danjuma, 9, Miracle Danjuma, 13, Happy Odoji, 14, and Ezra Bako, 15.
His father Happy, Isiaka Odoji, told the Daily Trust, a Nigerian daily newspaper that the kidnappers are demanding 20 million dollars (U.S. $53,000) to free their children, but they can't afford to collect that amount.
The kidnapped students were taking their test to complete their basic education.
Because of the explosion of Korona’s disease, students who graduated from school were allowed to return to school.
The main government and the state of Kaduna remain silent about the conquest of the kidnapped students and their teacher.
Nigeria's Common Day
Twitter user Ndi Kato said the incident is dismaying to the State:
Today in the state of Kaduna, children in completion classes who were ordered to continue their studies have been kidnapped by armed men.
One man was reportedly killed, the life of a young man is cut short, and others have left with them and we will probably never see them again.
This must have troubled any Nation.
But it is still a typical day in Nigeria that lamented Twitter user Chima Chigozie:
Some students have been captured in Kaduna, one of the male students killed during the event.
The boy's life was shortened, this was supposed to shock the Nation, but HAPANA, this is a typical Nigerian day.
Jaja blames politics for the lack of sympathy and anger against the kidnapping of students:
Caduna’s kidnapped boys will not get the sympathy of Chibok girls because they are boys and seconds Goodluck Jonathan (GEJ ) not the President.
Goodluck Ebele Jonathan (GEJ) was president, while 276 girls from a federal school were captured by Boko Haram militants from the northeast of Chiboko in April 2014.
The kidnapping caused a global trend with the hashtag #WeRemplifyZetiZetu reacted to by millions of people on the media.
Read More: Nigerians Celebrate the return of 82 Chibok girls at Boko Haram
Also on February 19, 2018, Boko Haram captured 110 female students from a science and technical school in Dapchi, Yobe province in northern Nigeria.
Read More: Female students taken by Boko Haram in Nigeria suspected of dying
The kidnapping of Damba-Kasaya students and their teacher is a nightmare.
The only difference is that those currently responsible for this horrific event are not Boko Haram but armed pirates.
Viking Cruelty
Viking violence erupted in northern Nigeria in Zamfara, Kaduna, Niger, Sokoto, Kebbi and Katsina.
ACAPS is an independent organization dealing with human affairs, confirming that the violence is not connected with Boko Haram's rebellion in the northeast:
These terrorist violence started as a crisis between ranchers and farmers in 2011 and grew between 2017 and 2018 involving theft of livestock, kidnapping for money, rape and murder.
By March 2020 more than 210,000 people have become internal refugees.
Local communities have survived by the pirates where between January and June this year they have been killed at least 1,126 people from Northern Nigeria.
Southern villages in Kaduna are the most attacked in which 366 people have been killed in the first half of 2020, said the International Human Rights Organization.
Chikun LGA, the home of the kidnapped students has been facing attacks from militant groups that have been accompanied by captivity and deaths as well as 45 communities to flee their homes where they have been looted since 2019, according to a report by the coalition of the people of Southern Kaduna.
The people of Southern Kaduna allege that the pirates are Fulani-based ranchers who have strategic land looting strategy, aided by absence from the central and state government.
But the governor of the state of Kaduna, Nasir El-Rufai refused the piracy to be connected with a plan to plunder the land or to be influenced by religious beliefs.
On August 22, the government of the state of Kaduna ordered absence from 6:00 p.m. to 6:00 a.m., in some areas it is believed to be part of the government’s strategy to stop piracy.
However, a spokesperson for the South Kaduna People, Luke Binniyat, complained that hunger is also killing us because people don't go to their country, our people are hopeless.
Poet Henry Swan and lawyer Imtiaz Mahmood.
This combination is of their widely circulated photos on social media.
Two people were arrested on May 14 and 15 for posting their Facebook comments.
The arrests have raised questions among communities on social media.
Poet Henry Spon
On May 14, Poet and Journalist Henry Spon was arrested at his home in Barishal, Southeast of Bangladesh.
He has been accused of violating the Bangladesh Network Security Act
As a member of a small Christian community, Spon was initially accused of Alfred and his brother Alfred and Jewel Satkat of hurting the deep feelings of Muslims and Christians on social media.
Bangladeshi poet and editor Henry Span was arrested under media security law!
#Egypt etc. #bangladesh #bangladeshiblogger #UhuruwaMaoni pic.twitter.com/MGoCec2nsR
According to Dhaka Tribune, Spon posted a post on his Facebook page criticizing Lawrence Subrata Howlader, the Catholic Church Bishop in Barishal Diocese.
The bishop chose a cultural event in one of the Catholic churches on April 22, 2019, a day after the terrorist attack in Sri Lanka.
Spon thought that Bishop would postpone the spectacle by respecting the lives of hundreds of missing people in the attack.
Other Christians were angry with the language he used to the Bishop and others used him even threats to kill him.
Spon has been a netizen who scolds every form of oppression and corruption in his town.
Netizen Swakrito Noman wrote on Facebook:
In Bangladesh, the strategy for attacking activists by accusing them of hurting the credibility has become common to Islamic leaders.
Now we see even those of the non-violent Christians start using this tactic.
I think of those who hate this form of criticism are mentally ill.
The government provides a system for providing treatment for these patients.
We scold the arrest of Poet Henry Spon and want him to be released quickly and unconditionally.
Legal arrest Imtiaz Mahmood
On the morning of May 15, the police arrested the High Court attorney and author Imtiaz Mahmud under a bar of 2017 law not currently applicable, the Information Law, Communication and Technology where a citizen, Shafiqul Islam, complained that Mahmood's Facebook leaflets have hurt his strong feelings and in the Souther Bangladeshis.
Imtiaz Mahmood received temporary guarantees when the case was first brought to trial but the Khagrachhari court issued an order to be arrested again against that of January 2019.
Mahmood contributed his views during the ethnic uprising that followed a Bengali motorcyclist killed in Khagrachhari, causing a group of Bengalis to fire several houses and stores of residents of the Rangamati region in Chittagong.
Local sources told Dhaka Tribune that the police did not take any action to prevent it.
Hundreds of similar charges were filed from 2013 to 2018, when the Information and Communication Act reversed the Net Safety Act.
Bangladesh suppresses social media.
Police have held the second arrest in two days under the Cybercrime Act.
Journalist Imtiaz Mahmood was arrested for a case under the Information and Communication Act on Wednesday morning.
#EgyAfrica #ICTLawhtps://t.co/eH8H38unCr
Journalist Meher Afroz Shao wrote on Facebook:
He loves the mountains and the people who live there.
He writes about their rights.
I have never seen seditious words in his writings.
There is nothing wrong with serious mistakes.
I believe the mistakes will be corrected quickly.
PS: I've seen a lot of Facebook literature that has a bad language and discrimination in it.
If the people are charged today, will the arrest warrant be issued right away?
Many netizens have rebuked the two arrests, demanding that the law be abolished.
Bangladeshi immigrant Leesa Gazi tweeted:
It's totally shameful.
The Bangladesh government does not have the ability to ensure public security but is trying to arrest people under a restriction of Internet Security which is contrary to the Bangladesh Constitutional Spirit.
https://t.co/1sFKY10OPV
Journalist Probhash Amin wrote on Facebook:
After Poet Henry Spon, lawyer Imtiaz Mahmood (incarnated).
Freedom of expression is blocked.
I want all ruthless laws to be canceled.
I want freedom of expression.
I want Henry Spon and Imtiaz Mahmood released immediately.
Despite showing that the law would restrict freedom of expression, the Bangladesh parliament passed the Security Act on September 2018.
This law enacted other media and Teknolijian regulations, which also served as a tool to silence critics.
This law condemns some of the discussions on the Internet from messages to hurtful discussions and religious values listing a large fine.
It also allows long-term sentences of netizens to cause violence in society and collecting, sending and storing information and federal documents through digital services.
The Bangladesh editorial Council said this law is against constitutional freedom, press freedom and free expression.
Read more: Bangladesh Freedom of Expression activists say one Digitali Safety law is for the purpose of harassment
The Law has a tremendous power for law enforcement agencies to start investigations to anyone whose activities are considered to be harmful and a threat to safety.
Khartoum, Sudan.
Photo by Christopher Michel from Flickr under CC BY 2.0.
After the Sudan revolution, Sudan's transitional authorities have signed a peaceful agreement with The Sudan Revolutionary Front, a leading rebel group that has continued its activity even after the removal of its former leader Omar al-Bashir last year.
This agreement of Historic peace was signed on August 31, in the town of Juba, South Sudan which is supported by Capital and international communities such as the EU, the European Union, Egypt and some of the Gulf countries.
It has also been stunned by a period of Historian flooding that has affected some areas of Sudan, resulting in a relentless economic collapse that had already already taken a toll.
However, Sudanese netizens still celebrated the news online.
Sudanese blogger Waleed Ahmed wrote:
Today we volunteer, come home.
A video that shows the military (Sudan Liberation Movement (SLMAA) led by Minawi announcing a weapon on December 16, 2019, to support the revolutionary movement.
Mini Arko Minawi, head of SLMA, wrote:
Mini Arko Minawi.
yesterday's signaling will put Sudan in a new pace, in parties and in Sudanese people, organizations and social parties in collaboration with friends and neighboring soccer.
We must make a solid platform for our country's new history.
Sudanese Prime Minister Abdalla Hamdok welcomed a peaceful agreement by saying:
I am sending the peace we have signed today in our Sudanese State to our children born in refugees and camps, to fathers and mothers who yearn for their villages and cities eagerly awaiting the grand revolution in December, a promise to return, a promise of justice and a promise of progress and security.
These agreements guarantee freedom of self-rule among the rebel groups in the areas they hold under the supervision of the central government
The agreement will ensure that one-third of the parliamentary seats belong to people from the rebel areas to communicate their needs and issues.
Agreement also guarantees justice and equality for all who were accused by the past of most of them being non-Islamic or non-Arabic.
This is not the first peace agreement in Sudan's history.
Some netizens said the peace agreement is a common circuit in Sudan and can neither bring peace nor tranquillity.
Inbal Ben Yehuda wrote:
The incident that occurs once every 5-9 years is not a Historic matter.
Abuja 2006 Peace Agreement
Doha Peace agreement 2011
Copper Peace agreement 2020
Better to wait before celebrating
A Constitution Is Imperfect
Despite this thrilling event, two rebel groups have not signed this agreement. SLMA group was led by Abdul Wahid al-Nur, and the Liberty movement in the north (SPLM-N), led by Abdelazi al-Hilu, all dedicated themselves to the country's non-religion of some military questions.
Three days after signing peace agreements, the Sudan's Prime Minister traveled to Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, to see al-Hilu to discuss the conflict according to Sudan's Islamism
On Wednesday, Prime Minister Abdallah Hamdok held a secret meeting with Abdel Aziz al-Hilu in an effort to remove obstacles in a peaceful conversation by the South Sudan government.
This conference led to the signing of a treaty that will oversee the respect of the peaceful agreements held in Juba.
Sudan's social networks blocked out with a copy of the agreement, written in English lugjs, stressed in the 3rd category of religion and nationalism:
Democratic nation must not be in Sudan.
For Sudan to be a democratic Nation where public rights are respected, the constitution must have grounds for defiance and nationalism where personal rights must be respected.
Freedom to believe and worship and religious activities should be granted to all Sudanese citizens.
The government should not put the State religion, not a citizen will be discriminated against because of his religion.
Sudanese citizens are divided into two categories on the issue: the first group considers that separation of citizenship and religion to be fundamental to human rights; the second group considers that the transitional government has no authority to make decisions on the matter without public permission through democratic elections.
After the meeting, a Twitter page of the Prime Minister published a copy of the treaty in Arabic where its contents differed from those in the English-language.
While in an English version the controversy has been set by pointing out that it is impossible to separate religion from nationalism, in the Arabic language it recommends dialogue in this controversial issue.
The difference in the two copies has raised many questions about the disagreement.
Historical Peace, Historic Flood
As peace brings happiness to Sudan, the river Nile continues to overflow with unprecedented disasters for mankind.
According to a report on September 8, the National Security Council, as a result of the flooding killed 103 people, 50 casualties, 5,482 livestock, 27,341 houses dismantled and 42,210 houses destroyed half, government buildings and 179 private institutions have been destroyed, and 359 colonies destroyed and 420 crops.
YouStorm on his Twitter account showed videos comparing the river Nile July 16 with August 16:
Flood in Nile in Sudan on July 16 compared to August 30 #Sentinel2 in Northern Khartoum.
Made of #EOBrowser @sentinel_hub #Sudanfloods pic.twitter.com/l8LRNBFY9m
On September 3, the governor of Sinnar province, Ustadhi Elmahi Sulieman announced a dangerous situation on his Facebook page:
The Nile River level this night has risen from heavy rains that have caused the breakdown of barriers and protective walls that are a small pool built by sacks filled with clay sacks of Singa and Umm Benin, and water has begun to rise in the city and in the populace.
So we give directions to all government authorities and private organizations to come out and help save citizens as soon as possible and to provide them with food and medical care.
The situation is frightening:
In Sinnar State | Singa, the situation is frightening after rain broke its detention wall to allow water from the Nile River to enter town.
Sudanese young people from the island of Tuti built a wall to prevent floodwaters from entering their island.
It was a heroic act, he told Hassan Shaggag:
These are the ones who will build Sudan..a
Sudanese citizens have shortages of essential necessities such as bread, gas, medicines and electricity - after a six-day cutting of electricity.
Sudan's budget has now exceeded 202 percent, according to Professor Steve Hanke.
However, the transitional government has not yet been able to control the market.
Now again there is a promise of peace, just what is the government's strategy to simplify the lives of the people?
Student leader Jutatip Syriakhan wrapped in white as a symbol of the strike after his release.
Photos and comments from Prachatai
This post is from Prachatai, an independent source of information in Thailand, edited and published by Global Voices as part of a content-sharing agreement.
Thai students president Jutatip Syriakhan was arrested on his way to college on September 1, because of participation in a massive July 18 protest.
Jutatip was arrested while driving to class at Thammasat's Prachan Campaign in Bangkok.
He entered his Facebook page at 07:50 p.m. on September 1, when civilian soldiers stopped the paper he had uploaded and showed him a arrest document.
Jutatip was taken to the lSamranrat police station.
A police officer accompanied him to the station on another screen because he did not feel safe to get into a private car they came with the soldiers who came to arrest him.
He continued to be a provocative on his Facebook page, reading a Nordic Information passage translated into Thailand by Thomas Paine.
He was taken to the criminal court of Bangkok and was granted bail and released at 11.20 p.m. under the administration of a lecturer from Thammasat University.
The court did not immediately give him 100,000 bahts (US $3,190) for bonds, but was conditioned that he does not want to repeat the charges against them were issued to everyone who was arrested and released on charges.
Jutatip is a 14th activist arrested for participating in a massive July 18 protest.
Fifteen other members of the protests have received a call and have reported at Samranrat police station to hear their charges on August 28.
Jutatip was charged with sedition, against Emergency and the Infectious Edict, as well as other charges.
Jutatip came from a criminal court after his release and held a brief meeting with the media.
Color can be cleaned, but we cannot clean up oppression
I didn't plan to run since then.
I knew I had an arrest paper
and I've been waiting for a long arrest, but it didn't happen to this day.
Each time one person is arrested, it should make a bad statement that we did not protest peacefully.
I'm a student and I've been harassed by soldiers for months, for several years.
Why is there no ransom for me?
Why is there only a ransom for the police who are dictatorship servants?
It would have to be called first, but what happened was that the police brought a document to arrest me directly.
It's a lot of tyranny for the student.
They found me by monitoring my telecommunications from where I live.
They have threatened people at my home, my family and sent a document to arrest me at home so we now have to stop our protests.
Everything is according to the constitution.
We pay our taxes, we must be protected and the government is not the harassment of the government.
So today, I have expressed myself by pointing out that we can do this.
We must stand for our rights and freedoms.
Blogging is also something that can happen.
Then Jutatip sprayed a white bucket in his body, raising his hand up and stretching three fingers of the Hunger Game.
He said that white represents cleanness and justice, and they demand a fair restoration.
We show that this is just, this is a kind of example that we can do.
Even if it's dyed at the moment, it's a way to show that we can bleed ourselves at any time.
We can dye those in power because they convict us and shoot us at any hour without concern, since they have authority.
Color can be cleaned but oppression cannot be cleaned.
After that, Jutatip thanked a lecturer who bailed him with people who came to support him and help the crowds clean the color that was scattered in the way of the court.
We will not stop fighting until we conquer everything, including the reforms of the kingdom and the new constitution, said Jutatip.
Screenshot from a video in YouTube, by VideoVolunteers.
The publication was written by Grace Jolliffe and originally originally by Video Volunteers, an international award-population group and his headquarters in India.
A small edited edition has been published below as part of a content-sharing agreement.
As India reviews the period of general elections split in seven phases from 11 April to 19 May 2019 to elect his seventh legislature (Lok Sabha), some Indian voters have taken an unusual responsibility for boycott election activities.
Read More: All you want to know about India's general election 2019
In Goa, India's Southern state, residents of a small village located in the suburb of Cancona (the district), the village of Marlem refused to vote on April 23 in the third term of the elections with the claim that the government has been the problem in their village.
Their main complaints are that important needs and services such as good roads and safe water services have never been provided by the government.
The social media broadcaster Devidas Gaonkar, a native of the Velip group, highlights the villagers' competition:
In this video, Pandurang Gaonkar, a resident of the village of Marli, said:
From Tirwal to Marlem only two miles (3 km) of roads but not complete.
To this day no action was taken by the authorities.
They just give us false promises no implementation.
And for that reason, we have not voted.
The residents of the village of Marlem have been living in the village for over 20 years now.
In 1968, the forest department declared the village of Marlem to be a safe haven for wildlife.
This makes the construction of roads or any progressive work in the region difficult to implement.
According to the report, it was that an electricity transition plan was imposed but was recently blocked from the National Forest Department
Another source of the concerns of the local residents is lack of good roads.
One is required to travel from the main road 2.8 miles (2.8 km) away on the wrong road and not be properly cleaned so that he can find the first house in the village of Marlem.
In the final analysis, the supply of electricity and clean and safe water for villagers remains a challenge to the villagers.
Despite repeated protests, but they have failed to get answers to their needs, the Marlem residents and residents from two other villages decided not to vote to draw the ears of the authorities against their concerns.
The electoral commission workers came to talk to us about our decision not to vote and our stand is there, adding to Pandurang.
Isidore Fernandes, the opposition leader from the Indian National Congress, a member of parliament in Cancona, also met local residents.
After listening to their recipients, he assured them that he would help them deal with the republic.
It is important for any government to build roads, supply electricity and water for their people.
So far all government caravans have neglected to provide these services in the village of Marlem, said Fernandes.
The boycott of elections has now become a way of one of the strikes, although voting is not necessary in India.
Unlike the village of Goa, the villages in the Central province Madhya Pradesh, West the state of Maharashtra, and the East Odisha have been using this strategy to get their priorities to the authorities.
However, no strike is taken by the government.
Many voters have become accustomed to using this strategy as a sign of their outrage to politicians and government officials who turn to the societies they have switched to the elections in hopes of getting their votes, failing to carry out their promises after the election.
But finally, if the boycott of the election will not bring about a change in society, what do the community decide to do to capture the ears of the authorities who should hear their voices and take steps to implement?
Journalist Amade Abubacar.
Photo: caiccajuda/Youtube.
Journalists Amade Abubacar and Germano Adriano, who were arrested earlier this year while compiling news of the military conflict in the northern Mozambique Strip, have been released without charge on April 23, 2019.
Amade, who has been contributing to news in remote sources in Zitamar News and A Carta, was detained on January 5 while an interview with local refugees from the Macomia district in the Northern Region, Cabo Delgado.
Germano, a reporter for the Nacedje radio station, was lost since February 6 and was found detained on February 18th.
According to a report from the South African Press Federation (MISA), Amade and Germano were charged with spreading news to pollute some of the country's National Armed Forces of Mozambique via their Facebook pages, where they announced the beginning of conflicts in the Macomia district villages.
The journalists were released from Mieze Prison in Pemba, Cabo Delgado headquarters and are in the administration while awaiting trial in Cabo Delgado's local court.
The trial is scheduled for the first time on May 17.
Since 2017, armed groups like knives have been attacking Cabo Delgado villages, burning houses and slaughtering residents.
More than 90 people have been killed since the attacks began according to police reports.
To this day no group has publicly come out to admit responsibility for the attacks.
In December 2018 the newspaper A Carta de Moçambique demonstrated the presence of a Facebook page, which appears to be an euphemism in which the page praises the attacks of armed groups in Cabo Delgado
It is not clear whether the charges against Amade and Germano are connected with the page.
The media's advocacy team says there is no connection with the page or other crimes taking place on Facebook.
The charges against the journalists have been met with a lot of sympathy.
After Amade was detained, the police detained him under the protection of the Nanchi Army.
He was put in a Military prison where he spent 12 days without any contact and then transferred to a civilian prison.
The journalists were charged only when it came to April 16, a violation of the final 90-day process, in violation of the law of arrest and detention of Mozambique, in the case of Abubacar.
In the continuation of lawsuits during their period of detention all journalists were accused of treasoning government secrets through social media and inciting society through digital means.
These charges are interrupting with the previous charges against them, where MISA translated them as spreading a message to contaminate some Mozambican military leaders via Facebook which launched attacks on people in the Macomia district villages.
During his 106-day prison term, Abubacar faced food shortages and was denied medical care, according to a statement by the Human Rights Association (Amnesty International).
His family told @Verdade that they were blocked from visiting Abubacar all the time he was detained.
What happened to these journalists is part of the continuation of violence against media workers in northern Mozambique.
Independent Journalist Estácio Valoi was detained in December 2018, also in Cabo Delgado for obscure legal reasons.
Later he was freed without charges, but his tools to work remained in the military.
The Call for Justice
Cídia Chissungo, an activist and promoter of the #AmedeAwekweHuru campaign, celebrated the news by saying:
#AmadeAbubacar and #GeramanoAdriano are finally in SA after being detained for 4 months.
We really celebrate but will not forget how everything started.
We said from time to time: Journalism is not a crime.
Thank you for supporting us in
Angela Quintal, president of the Committee for the Protection of Journalists (CPJ), a region of Africa, said:
Now it is to ensure that the charges are dismissed by #AmadeAbubacar can continue his journalism without fear of arrest.
The fact is that he has endured being in detention without being charged for 106 days before the bail, not the gentleman treatment.
He doesn't deserve to be charged
Photo by Iranian Revolutionary leader Imamu Khomeini in a building wall in Sanandaj, in Iran's capital city, Kurdistan is seen through the window.
Photo by Jordi Boixareu.
Copyright Demotix
Global Voices co-founder Ethan Zuckerman describes them as a model of people who are interested in expressing their home culture to people from other communities.
This idea was developed through a system that took root in Global Voices and describes the great work and culture of society.
Since our work is aimed at combining the separation between foreign views on Iran and the real one in the country itself, Global Voices Iran has begun a series of interviews with Iranian journalists and writers who will do so.
These interviews will take place to understand how and how these people have worked through describing Iran's outside community about Iran and the complexity and complexity that exists in describing.
Golnaz Esfandiari: I think the use of social media in Iran and its benefits are increasing
Golnaz Esfandindiari is a senior publisher in Redio Free Europe/Radio Liberty, and one of the few journalists who have worked outside Iran writing in English about the disturbances and challenges of Iranian society and politics.
Photo used with Golnaz Esfandiari's permission.
Read more: Conversation with Golnaz Esfandiari, Bridge of Information in English
In an interview with Global Voices, he said:
I think the use of social media in Iran has increased and its benefits have also increased.
Government officials admit it and I also see many people in the country using social media.
I think that since 2009, the use of social media has increased dramatically.
Some Iranians have told me that they have joined Twitter after reading about the allegations of the Iranian Revolution.
Social media helps the conversation and shares content that is prohibited or embarrassed and people talk openly.
Also, people often criticize government policies and attitudes on social media.
Kelly Golnoush Niknejad: You should be a journalist, psychologist, professor and socialist at the same time
Iranian media investor Kelly Golnoush Niknejad, founder of the Tehran Institute, a source of information that supports The Guardian, writes about Iran and Iranian diaspora.
His project is one of the leading sources of a different view of the country in political, cultural and social issues.
Photo by Kelly Golnoush Niknejad and used with permission.
Read more: how Kelly Golnoush Niknejad's Tehran Institute connects Iran to the Western world.
In a negative attitude towards non-Irannians against Iran, he explained:
When it comes to Iran, I always find myself going back to 1979 and explain the changes that have made in the decade after the decade to bring about the current meaning.
Sometimes it's very difficult even for Iranians themselves to understand what's happening in Iran now and let alone non-Iranites.
This shows how important it is to cover Iran with gubigubi, putting it in a special flow in the lives of the common people.
If we reach the country by providing academic data alone, it is not as basic or as important to us as journalists.
That's why even the most keen observers of the news do not understand the basics of Iran.
It is true if they follow reports from the Tehran Institute, they will get a very different perspective.
Nina Ansary: I believe women will be in the forefront of any changes in Iran
I have Ansary as a guardian of the God-owned Gems: Not told about Iranian Women, the first book to write about a fair attitude for women in politics from the late 19th century down to now.
Cover of the book The Gems of God's Protector
The book describes how women have been able to build Iran's current history and continue to do so, as they continue to deal with the establishment of their rights and equality in societies which have been naturally oppressive.
Read more: Conversation with Iranian Women's Equality Author Nina Ansary at night's Change Eve in the country
Ansary said she had a positive attitude about the next day in Iran and a woman's place in her:
and because I saw their return.
And this is because female activists did not get a verified answer: women were not allowed to be judges but are now serving as spies.
Women were not allowed to read some of the furniture, but for several years they have been able to penetrate into the furniture that was dominated by men as medicine and engineering.
At great precautions I look forward to positive ones, but I believe women will be the forefront of any changes in Iran.
Saeed Kamali Dehghan: They see Iran as a picture of black and white but Iran isn't
It's like a spreading Rain Tree.
With over 800 Iranian articles, Saeed Kamali Dehghan is the first senior secretary of The Guardian who volunteered to write about Iran and is one of the few Iranians employed by a major English-language news company.
Photo used with permission of Saeed Kamali Dehghan.
Most of his reports are related to human rights violations in Iran, but as he said in a televised interview, a major problem for the Magonian media is that they view Iran as a black and white image but Iran is not like that.
Iran is like the Rainbow, colored
Read more: Saeed Kamali Dehghan writing to Iran in The Guardian
In the difficulty of writing to a country where he is emotionally linked, Saeed explains that:
If an Iranian I have my feelings about the country, but when I write about it I try to stay a little corner to remove favoritism.
But I'm allowed to express my thoughts while writing the opposite news and I've been doing something like that.
I wrote about why Canada misunderstood Iran and this led the minister of the external affairs to accuse me of his Tweeter page of being used by Iranian authorities.
I have been attacked by some who have accused me of being enslaved by Iranians and others have accused me of serving in England.
I believe this is a sign that I am doing my work as well.
Omid Memarian: Turning your anger into something to build up and not treating things personally is an art
Omid Memarian, an Iranian journalist based in New York.
Omid Memarian is an old-language journalist in Iran and now works in the US and has been writing Iranian news to users of all English and Persian languages.
Our interviews wanted to know the difference in writing about Iran to users of different languages and their experience as a journalist inside and outside Iran.
Read more: Iranian journalist Omid Memarian
Memarian describes his experience in writing and reporting in Iran's social community as follows:
There were still people in Iran who believe to make possible social, political institutions and freedom of information, the Islamic government can change slowly from inside.
On the other hand, there are other forces that struggle to prove that it is impossible and one way is to make the environment so dangerous that no one will dare to stay up to what he is doing.
When I insisted on doing what I was doing, writing and encouraging things I believed I was arrested and thrown into prison.
Hooman Majd: Iran has no special diversity: unique here is that most people don't know much about Iran.
Now we are in the US foreign policy reference.
Several weeks toward the edge of Obama's regime, the US is more likely to end its long-term goal of understanding with its long-term enemy, Islamic Iranian republic.
In the role of Donald Trump's presidential elections that show will be unique to the shade of hardships and a brutal republic, I think it's time to stay down with journalists and author Hooman Majd.
His books, articles and publications describe the Iranian riddle that has been seen in the US major media during the Bush period, when violence against the Iranian government became the dominant mark of the early 2000s in foreign policies and media views against Iran.
Hooman Majd has been known as Iranian voice to the West.
Majd photo by Ken Browar, used with permission.
Read more: Conversation with Hooman Majd, a bridge between Iranian media and the US.
If a negative attitude toward Iran has brought a lesson since his book in 2008 that targeted negative reactions to the Iranian community to US readers:
Ahmadinejad was the first to be open to the media, the very first source of negative news.
But Iranians of American descent and European descent have written a lot about their culture in recent times, and there are numerous trips between Iran and the United States between American Indians and natural Iranians.
Now they understand a little better and there are a lot of books.
Iran is not a unique riddle: but what is special is that most people don't know much about Iran.
Protesters in Rio de Janeiro: Education is our weapon. | Photo by: Marianna Cartaxo / Mídia NINJA/Is used with permission
On May 15, thousands of Brazilians marched into the streets in all 26 states protesting against the Bolsonaro government to cut off educational currency that would affect hundreds of schools and colleges.
In late April, the Brazilian government announced cutting 30% of what is said to be a budget that was for water prices, electricity, overall driving and research.
While deciding that the total amount of government budget for higher education can reach up to three or 5 percent.
However, the government has deleted the sponsorship of some 3,500 high school students sponsored by the government.
From Paulista's street in São Paulo, a crowding station to traditional farms in Alto Rio Negro, near the Colombian border, people went out to defend public education.
In Viçosa, Minas Gerais, a group of about 5,000 people marched with umbrellas and heavy rains.
Aeronautics depicting a large group of protesters in Paulista Street in São Paulo protesting expenditures of scientific education and research.#15M #TodosPelaEducação #TsunamidaEducação #NaRuaPelaEducação #MarchaPeCaência pic.twitter.
https://globalvoices.org/wp-content/uploads/2019/05/WhatsApp-Video-2019-05-15-21.30.mp4
Brazil has 69 public academies and a large number of government universities and all give its first degree and degree of national product without paying for fees and some social services such as legal and hospital advisory offices.
Earlier, the hooves were to be held in three academies but were later extended to all other colleges.
Bolsonaro's educational minister, Abraham Weintraub said it is not a child but a contract.
Weintraub explained that there are fires because public academies are a part of the destruction.
When asked by journalists to illustrate the destructionWhen mentioned the presence of large universities and the presence of nudity ceremonies.
Weintraub was appointed minister early in April after his predecessor was removed for a while because of some of the conflicts.
The new minister has always been commenting in terms of right policies such as drug abuse was identified in Brazil as a communist strategy, and wants to erase U-Marx vyuoni culture.
Some universities have said that these can stop their doors from opening in the early part of the second era of 2019.
The government prosecutor's office has sent a report to the general attorney complaining about the breach of the Brazilian constitution.
Rio de Janeiro looks RIGHT!
Hundreds and thousands are clinging to Avenida Presidente Vargas at night. As they enter into protesting against the budget of education and science . #15M #TodosPelaEducação #TsunamidaEducação #NaRuaPelaEducação pic.twitter.com/8MI9n91rKrX
Researchers from the University of Minas Gerais (UFMG) who are researching WhatsApp groups in Brazil have found that there are many conversations via the apparatus after the release of the budget.
Research has created a tool that will track the WhatsApp categories and will be used in width by an organization that involves itself and excavates the truth in Brazil.
Researcher Fabrício Benevuto said on May 8 his Facebook page :
[Picha is a collection of colorless and colorless photos/visions imposed on the headlines and topics.
There are photos of people naked in ceremonies (which are not even.vy) and the jokes of protesters saying they take 12 years to graduate because they are drug abusers all the time.
This is clear that it is a planned purpose.
In the same manner as election campaigns.
Who is sponsoring this new factory to speculate fake news?
An article on the website Ciência and Rua (now Portuguese in the streets) claims that public academies account for 95 percent of Brazil's scientific research.
A 2018 study by albums from the US Clarivate Analytics shows that of the 20 academies of the best research producers, 15 are part of the
On the day of the protest, Minister Weintraub was called to comment on the cutting of a budget in the House of the Congolese.
Bolsonaro is an enemy of education
Education is an act of Love and Fame#TsunamiDaEducao pic.twitter.com/sEOb5wDxz
Bolsonaro was later in Texas in the United States where he met former U.S. President George W. Bush.
When asked about the protests, the president said:
It's common [ that companions have happened, now, most people there are nothing in the head.
If you ask them 7 times, they don't know.
If you regret asking about the water structure will not be known, they don't know anything.
They are stupid and profitable fools and have been used by a few treacherous individuals who lead several public academies in Brazil.
Ugandan journalist Gertrude Uwre Tumusiime has tasted a double burden while working as a female journalist in Uganda.
Photo from The Other Side: Gertrude Uwite Tumusiime on YouTube.
In Uganda, women journalists using digital media to report, comment and report are subjected to attacks and abuse because they study and publish powerful political content.
Netizen harassment has become a new strategy for
Women journalists carry double the burden of online sex abuse as well as threats related to political writing.
These ongoing threats have caused female journalists to withdraw from public debates and to let journalism become more dominated by men
Read More: Cost of being different: Social media riddle in Uganda
Joy Doreen Biira, a journalist.
Photo by Zabangas via Wikimedia Commons CC BY 3.0.
In November 2016, Ugandan journalist Joy Doreen Biira, who worked on the Kenya Television Network (KTN) private TV in Kenya, returned home to Uganda for the cultural festival.
While Biira was with them, Uganda's security forces struggled with Rwenliaru's defenders in the state of Rwenzori in western Uganda, and their palace was burned with fire.
The gunshot clashes killed 62 people, including 16 policemen.
Biira wrote her feelings about the military attack by publishing her opinion on Facebook on November 27:
It's very sad what I saw today with my own eyes a part of the Kingdom Hall there, the Rwen Visitru Kingdom, burning in fire.
I felt as if I were battering an inheritance in front of my eyes.
That same day, Biira was arrested and accused of distributing complicated photos of the horror of the clashes between security forces and the Rwen visitor to the WhatsApp group, according to Committee to Protect Journalists (CPIJ).
He also published the Instagram video of the palace burning and posted his story on Facebook, CPJ's statements said.
Security officials in Uganda were alleged to force Biira to delete literature on social media and its digital equipment, according to the Freedom House report of 2018.
Biira was charged with supporting terrorism by taking videos of a military attack on the king's palace which was a death penalty for an anti-terrorism law.
However, one day later, he was released on bail.
Biira's case raised strong accusations on social media through slogans like #FreeJoyDoreen and #JournalismIsNotaCrime.
The netizen denounced Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni for his refusal to silence journalists:
#FreeJoyDoreen President @KagutaMuseveni should stop the silence of journalists.
This is a serious violation of human rights in our continent.
Biira's Attorney Nicholas Opiyo posted a tweet that highlighted the official charges Biira faced:
A copy of the bond of Joyana who is accused of aiding terrorism (a funny!)
#journalism is not a crime @KTNKenya @KTNKenya #FreeJoyDoreen
Opiyo told Global Voices that the Biira case was dismissed and canceled in March 2017 after the administration investigated and lacked evidence to file a lawsuit.
Like other cases like these, one pauses for the soul but remains a sense of oppression, injustice, and pain, said Opiyo, who is also the executive director of Chapter Four Uganda, a human rights organization.
Opiyo added that staying in jail several days and enduring the pain of incarceration is a feeling that never comes from a person.
Netizen Attacks
It is rare for female journalists suffering from online violence to gain justice, and it often has a difficult time to ensure that their complaints are taken seriously and checked.
In April 2017, Gertrude Tumusiime Uwitare, a NTV Uganda TV broadcaster, defended Stella Nyanzi, a scholarly activist who criticized the Museveni regime for not fulfilling the promises of campaigns to spread towels to young girls.
Rulers forced Uwitare to cancel his Twitter and Facebook versions of support for Nyanzi.
He received threats on Facebook and was kidnapped by strangers for almost eight hours, according to the Ugandan human rights report 2017.
His kidnappers were alleged to question him about his relationship with Nyanzi, beating him and cutting his hair.
Read more: Is a woman's nakedness an obscene word?
Women activist Stella Nyanzi continues to struggle in court
Uwitare was later found in a police station in Kampala.
However, the administration has not provided any information to this day about the investigation of his captivity.
Political journalists, especially those who promote opposition parties, are occasionally witnessing more threats than those who are publicizing other issues.
But women journalists have the worst because the government believes they are weaker and more easily threatened, according to Mukose Arnold Anthony, Human Media Safety Secretary and Rights Secretary at the Ugandan Press Association (UJA), who spoke to Global Voices through WhatsApp on April 3.
When it comes to sexual harassment online, female journalists are afraid to expose themselves despite the facts that many of them end up getting hurt, Anthony said.
It happens for female journalists to face more psychological damage, their privacy violations, identifications, reductions, control, and loss of property due to their work, according to UNESCO's study on freedom of expression in Africa published in 2018.
And, according to a study of the Human Rights Network for 2018 Journalists, 12 percent of female journalists have faced abuse and abuse, including death threats and arrests.
Three quarters of the female journalists have faced injustice in the hands of government officials such as police, district officials and other security officers.
Attacks and persecution
Ugandan journalist Bahati Remmy has faced attacks and harassment while working as a female reporter.
Photo via the Paydesk account of Bahati Remmy, used with permission.
Bahati Remmy, a Ugandan journalist who is currently working in the US, told Global Voices that he stopped working as a journalist in Uganda because he felt the loss of enthusiasm after a nightmare in Uganda's elections in 2016.
Ugandan police arrested Remmy as he made direct announcements through a private NBS TV to announce the house arrest of the main opposition leader Dr.Kizza Besigye in Kasangati.
Remmy told Global Voices:
Police raised a sense of insecurity at stopping journalists from announcing the news about Besigye.
The police took my breasts on their car, stripped me from the station and left me naked in front of the camera, according to Remmy.
He was also pursued and persecuted by a police officer on Facebook because the Ugandan government thought he had cooperated with Besigye to pollute the country.
He told Global Voices that a text message from anonymous people was left at his door offering threats to capture him if he refused to confide in Besigye’s route from his home.
After Remmy's arrest, the Ugandan Human Rights Network organized a referendum to weigh the reality of the case.
They asked: The Ugandan police claimed that the NBS TV reporter Bahati Remmy violated legitimate instruction and prevented the police from doing their job to arrest him.
Do you agree with this?
Magambo Emmanuel wrote:
It is a weak and empty lie because there is a video belt showing how Bahati was arrested.
Police should stop directing their problems to journalists.
Davide Lubuurwa wrote:
Anyone trying to congratulate people about the state must be arrested.
A major problem is coming to Uganda soon.
What irritates me is that anyone who tries to pronounce the current administration is viewed as a heretic so the people of Uganda should be disillusioned.
Many women journalists in Uganda have quit the media, especially those that criticize the government for the fear of being attacked and exploited by the regime.
News experts have explained that the government and security forces call editors and order them not to publish information that gives the government a negative image.
These attacks are not reported on by women as a result of the difficulty of understanding the real depth of the problem.
Remmy detained the Ugandan government at the Human Rights Commission of Uganda, but to this day, nobody knows about his case.
The commission lacks the freedom to make decisions on the part of those who communicate complaints against the government.
Seven of its delegates, including its chairman, are elected by the president, by the consent of the Parliament.
They are favored, Remmy said, adding: They have the accumulation of lawsuits, and most of the cases they want to hear are those perpetrated by the government.
Many of the threats to female journalists online are closely related to the violence against them outside the internet.
Remmy believes that the rights, status and status of female journalists should always be considered because attacks against women are suppressing the journalistic sector in general.
When Uganda prepares to make presidential and parliamentary elections in 2021, the attacks and authorization of female journalists and the government should be halted because it affects the media, freedom of expression and the rights of Ugandans.
The press freedom remains that a child ignored in the country system, Remmy told Global Voices.
This post is part of a series called Identity Proclamation: the platform for censorship of online threats against freedom of expression in Africa, the publication interviews with identification or discriminating views of Ethiopia's linguistic or geographic roots, perverse news and harassment (especially against seven Israeli activists and females) in Nigeria.
This project is sponsored by the African Digital Rights Foundation for the International Cooperation Policy Agency for East and Southern Africa (CIPESA).
The roots of trees sticking to the 15th century wall in Kilwa Island, Tanzania.
In 1981, the ruins of a vibrant Swahili sultan on the island were declared UNESCO World Heritage site.
Photo by David Stanley, January 1, 2017, CC BY 2.0.
An editor's suggestion: This private post was written in response to a Twitter campaign organized by Global Voices Sub-Saharan Africa in collaboration with the Rising Voices Project each week, a different language activist shared his views on digital rights and African Languages as part of the project, Matri Tweets: the suppression of Africa's freedom of expression.
According to the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO), language and culture differences are indispensable to people around the world in an effort to strengthen the unity and unity of society.
This diversity of language and culture pushed the UNESCO's main conference to announce the International Mother Language Day (IMLD) in November 1999, the day that comes to mind on February 21 each year.
Strengthening IMLD, the United Nations (UN) announced the International Year of Native Languages (IYIL 2019), to consider the risk of the world's indigenous languages.
Today, there are more than 7,100 languages spoken worldwide, 28 percent of them spoken in Africa alone.
Despite this, English leads online in the region.
Twenty years ago, 80 percent of the global content online was based on English.
Now, however, the English content is said to drop to between 51% and 55%.
Heretic, so it is: How is this decline indicating that people now prefer their native languages to English, considering that only less than 15 percent of the world's English-speaking population?
Swahili: The Capital of the Seed?
Swahili is recognized as one of the official languages of the African Union (AU), apart from English, Portuguese, French, Spanish and Arabic.
Swahili is also the broad language of the nations of the eastern African Community (EAC).
Rwanda, a member of the EAC, through its lower legislature, passed a cover to form English in 2017 by Kinyarwanda, French and English.
Despite the use of the administration, Swahili will be included in the country's educational course.
In Uganda, in September 2019, the government approved the founding of the Swahili National Council.
Article 6 (2) of the Ugandan Constitution has also defined Swahili as the second official language in Uganda and will be used in an environment where the Parliament can order.
In 2018, South Africa, a country proud of 11 official languages, turned Swahili into a free course, beginning in 2020.
In 2019, the South African Development Community (SADC) adopted Swahili as the fourth official language of the Community.
Swahili Network
Photo by Rachel Strohm, September 20, 2019, (CC BY-ND 2.0)
Despite being the most widely spoken African language, almost 150 million people are currently in East Africa, the world's major lake zone in southern Somalia, and other regions of southern Africa, Swahili's look on the web is finy.
John Walubengo, a lecturer at Kenya's Multimedia University, analyzes his article in Nation, Kenya's daily journal, that the lack of language and culture on the internet is creating a society with little global perspective.
Thelubegan explains that many natural cultures end up surrendering their identity to the intelligence of English.
This sad reality however can only be changed if natural communities fight to preserve their identity online as well as abroad, she says.
But not all are disappointments.
There are several volunteer organizations in the front line to develop and develop Swahili online.
The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers
(ICANN), an international organization with many stakeholders coordinating the International Name System (DNS), the IP address and the free system's numbers, introduced the International Regional Names (IDNs), which enable people to use regional names in natural languages and texts.
These letters are then sung by Unicode's standard and used as permitted by the IDN provinces, a set of standards embedded by the Network Board (IAB), and its small corporate groups; the Commission for Internet Engineering (IETF) and the Research Commission of the Network (IFTR).
The Universal Acceptance Steering Group (UASG)
UASG is an ICANN-based society, which provides a community online for the next billion netizens.
Here is a success through a process known as the World Agreement (UA), which ensures that programs and internet systems deal with all the highest levels (TLDs) and emails in strict terms with those in non - Latin texts and more than three characters.
UA serves netizens around the world in their native languages and in the names of the regions that identify their culture.
Therefore, developing a multilingual network.
ICANNWiki
This non-profit organization, which provides a social networking page on ICANN and Netizen Resources, has long been associated with organizations, educational and private institutions in Kenya and Tanzania.
This has enabled East Africans to build, translate and enlarge Wiki's resources with their experiences, language and attitude.
This Swahili initiative, which as a journalist I have been able to get involved with has blocked the gap of information related to the Internet's administration by completing the ICANNiki content to promote participation in the targeted communities.
Localization Lab
Localization Lab, is an international community of volunteers that supports translating and encroachment on guidelines and digital resources such as TOR, Signal, OONI, Psiphon.
These technologies are promoting safety, privacy, and extermination by ensuring that activists in the vernacular have safe access to information online.
Localization Lab has translated more than 60 tools into 180 different languages around the world,
K remove Community Network (KCN)
KCN Internet's first community to experiment with Television Television Almaarufu TVWS, a non-connected technology that uses non-profit radio waves within 470 to 790 MHz to solve the challenge of online integration in Tanzania.
The KCN teaches villagers to create and become natives of useful nature and context.
Matogoro Jabhera, founder of KCN and co-founder at Dodoma University, Tanzania, told Global Voices via Skype Telephone, that he believes nature provides more intimidation for people outside the internet because they can understand their stories.
The next billion users online
The world expects to unite the next billion online users and 17 million of these users are estimated to be linked online using language as their digital identification.
So the lack of natural content may have a huge impact if it considers digitalization.
Bayana, while affecting digital rights, access, access to online comments, and the right to use their native languages to create, participate, and distribute information and knowledge online.
So it is important to impose strategies that promote TEHAMA and service programming, including the use of natural languages, to ensure digitalization for all.
This move, with the support of such efforts as educating and learning tools, and TEHAMA in rural areas, can trigger a digital revolution, and thus raise digital rights for netizens and block out the digital division of a digital
Ultimately, the process will speed up protection, respect and development of all African languages and languages as it is acknowledged in the African Declaration of Rights and Freedom.
Mantiki Identification Project is sponsored by Africa's Digital Rights Fund run by the International Cooperation Policy Agency for East and South Africa (CIPESA)
TEDGlobal Internet.
Creative Commons by Flickr user Erik (HASH) Hersman, June 3, 2007.
(CC BY 2.0)
Global Voices, through its Sub-Saharan Africa authors and Rising Voices Project will conduct a Twitter campaign as part of a project known, Identification: the platform to regulate online threats against freedom of expression in Africa, from April 20 to May 22, 2020.
Read more: Identification calculators': A new digital rights project in Africa
As a continuation of Writing to Freedom: Politics and digital rights in Africa , this five-week campaign of social media encourages society will share a debate organised by @GVSSAfrica as participants of five African languages, who will highlight the ratio of language and linguistic rights.
The project is sponsored by Africa's Digital Rights Foundation for International ICT policies for East and South Africa (CIPESA).
Global Voices is one of the beneficiaries.
The activists will tweet in African languages such as Beambara, Igbo, Khoekhoe, NKit, English, Swahili, Belace, Yoorębá, as well as French and English.
They will also be able to share their personal experience and understanding with a linguistic view of challenges that threaten digital rights.
The conversation will question how the threat of online neutrality affects online content in African languages; the spread of perverse information in African languages in different African languages and what is done by social companies or organizations in this regard; the effects of absenteism in areas with major African language language groups; and the challenges of African language being exposed.
They will also focus on the issues of corporate policies, as well as on the ongoing challenges that affect how citizens can express themselves in their language.
Meet the conductors of the debate on Twitter
This Twitter debate will be submitted by Denver Toroxa Breda (Khoekhoe/ki-Nu/Kiingereza/Kiingereza) from Africa Kusza, Adémbaínà Ghani Ayf/ki-Yorąbá/ki-Ingerezareza) from Nigeria, Kjenapéor Traoréki Train-Ivo
Some of the participants participated in the online campaign @DigiAfricanLang to commemorate the International Year of Native Languages 2019.
April 20-24: Denver Toroxa Breda (@ToroxaD)
Denver Toroxa Breda.
Photo used with permission.
Breda, a Khoean speaker, a Cuban or an activist, is a writer fighting for the development of Khoekhoe and kinuu, the first two languages in South Africa.
Kikhoekhoe is spoken in Namibia, read in schools, but South Africa where it is the first one, only 2,000 people speak it, not the officially recognized language, is not in school.
Kin|u has only one speaker, not the officially recognized language, and the schools, and it is the endangered language.
Kpénahi Traoré.
Photo used under permission.
April 27-May 1: Kpénahi Traoré (@kpenahiss)
Kpénahi Traoré was born in Côte d'Ivoire but his origin is Burkina Faso.
He is the chief editor of RFI mandenkan, a Bambara language newsroom in Radio France Internationale (RFI).
It has been a good experience for Traoré to work in Bambara.
Previously, he thought it would be impossible to make a journal in the Bambara language
Kisamogo is the mother tongue of Traoré, although she had a dioula language in Côte d'Ivoire and Burkina Faso.
The governors call Bambara, Guineans call Malinke, some of them Mandingo.
May 5-8: Blossom O Visitmba (@blossomo visitedmba)
Blossom O Visitmba.
Photo used with permission.
O visitedmba is also known as Asampete, a name that can be translated from Igbo to mean good.
O Visitmba is pleased with the Igbo language and culture and has volunteered to make sure that a number of people learn to speak, write and read.
O visitedmba is the founder of the Wikimedia and occasionally starts a discussion about Wikimedia Foundation without pressure.
He lives in Abuja, Nigeria, and loves the calm and tranquillity of the city aste.
May 11-15: Šòbá (@yobamoodua)
Adéąínà Ayąni.
Photo used with permission
Adéąínà Ayąni, who is also known as Ãòbá, is a journalist and cultural executive who uses his career in journalism to promote care, and spread the heritage of a Yorębá culture online and outside the internet.
As a vocal artist, he has prepared a lot of Kiyorąbá's broadcasts on Nigerian and TVC radio campaigns.
He is the founder of the Yobamoodua Cultural Heritage, a platform dedicated to spreading Kiyorębá language and culture.
‛ Yoòbá is also a linguist manager of Global Voices Yorębá.
He is a Yorąbá teacher in tribalingua.com where he teaches students from faraway parts of the world.
He has also worked with Localization Lab, an international community of volunteer translators and netizens, computer programmers, and conformers who work together to translate and support digital security equipment and evasive instruments.
Čmāòbá wrote a book called: Ãyà Ara ądá Ãm Ãnąyàn, a painting collection bearing the names of an atomics and the structure of the human body and vegetation that performs an astonishing work in every part of the body.
He is a researcher in Firebird Foundation for Anthropological Research.
May 18-22: Bonface Witaba (@bswitaba)
Bonface Witaba.
Photo used with permission.
Witaba, author, naturalist and activist, instructor, researcher, and policy adviser.
He is the founder of ICANNiki Swahili, a moving dictionary is to develop, translate, 10,000 articles and vocabularys to Swahili for 150 million Swahili speakers as of 2020.
In addition, Witaba runs a youth project aimed at building students, scholars, and individuals in private sectors and; in government, through the technical fields of internet rule.
Protesters demanding the removal of former president Robert Mugabe (which is now in power) from office on November 18, 2017.
Photo by Flickr user Zimbabwean-eyes (Huru used).
Early on the morning of November 15, 2017, Zimbabweans woke up with the widespread news that former cribs, inmates Robert Mugabe, had been detained in power in the federal revolution, and was in power at his residence, Ikulu, and his family.
General Sibusiso Heart, who is currently the minister of external affairs, announced on the national television that the president was safe under the government's protection and that the situation is at another level.
Immediately after the announcement of General Heart, Zimbabweans poured in with excitement on social media, particularly WhatsApp, Twitter and Facebook to find new information about the situation.
For the first time, new popularity of social media enabled the news and mobilisation of protests took root among Zimbabweans, when protesters came to the streets and helped push for Mugabe's removal from power.
A new government, led by Emmerson Dambudzo Mnangagwa, would soon determine the power of social media.
As a former national security minister, Nangagwa also recognized the importance and opportunity to misrepresent information in Zimbabwe's political fields.
On March, 2018, recognizing and impeccable political power before him and to ensure the victory in the presidential and parliamentary elections in the following year, Nangagwa ordered the unity of young ZANU PF (Zimbabwe National Union-Patrio Front) to explode in social media and pollutants.
In Zimbabwe after Mugabe, his plan has reinforced a misinformation and misinformation crisis, leaving thezimbabwes with only a few reliable sources of access to information and knowing about the current transition and anti-government protests.
While the new government demanded to denounce false information on information circulated on social media and which they viewed as a threat to the regime, it also persuaded the public about how it dealt with anti-government protests.
Question for freedom of expression online
Zimbabwe has witnessed an increase in internet use on cell phones and social media in the last few years.
The number of internet outbreaks increased by 41.1 percent, from 11 percent of the population to 52.1 percent between 2010 and 2018, while the circulation of mobile phones increased by 43.8 percent from 58.8 percent to 102.7 percent during the same period.
This means that half the population is now connected to the internet, compared with only 11 percent in 2010.
However, misrepresentation and misinformation of false information have been exposed to a climate of security for several reasons: widespread media divisions, government proposals to regulate social media, inferior formal communication and poor education among netizens.
During the protests against the government in January 2019, when government security forces arrested them and attacked hundreds of protesters, the news of the repression competed with the government's claim that it was a lie or a refusal of his existence.
The government blocked access to internet services to disrupt the news flow and caused much controversy.
Government leaders and their supporters also used a tactic of misinformation about the protests and suspiciousness in any previous guy statements by labeling them false news.
Usually, in Zimbabwe, citizens take any statements made by government ministers as accurate.
For example, Deputy Secretary of Information Energy Mutodi pretended to convince people that everything was all right and that videos and photographs of soldiers patrolling the streets were made by a few guys.
Mutodi became increasingly misleading the nation when she claimed that there was no internet but there was congestion on the internet.
In another case suspected of being a government- backed misinformation, millions of people were ousted on social media during the January protest.
Some unloaded the services tools for the collaboration known as the Virtual Private Network (VPN) to continue to be fraudulent, yet the information was circulated that unloading such tools would lead to arrest, an increasing cause for fear and confusion.
In March 2019, while the Human Rights Agency (HRW) tweeted a report condemning the use of intimidating atrocities to regulate the protests of January 2019, government supporters used Twitter to pollute the HRW.
One user tweeted that the organization was spreading out outright lies and called it a colonial alliance with the task of pressuring the innocent countries to defend the imperial objectives in the United States.
Another referred to the government's allegations and complained that the violence was due to the cyberspace who were trying [ to displease the president .
And misrepresentation of government policies and other public interest incidents has continued to calculate after the January protest.
Recently, members of the ruling party ZANU PF used Twitter to mislead the public about the disappearance of Dr.Peter Magombey, who is President of the National Association of Physician Hospitals of Zimbabwe (ZHDA).
He was kidnapped on September 14, 2019, following the announcement of a strike in the health sector.
ZANU PF's youth secretary described Magombey as a fool and anonymous.
The ZANU PF Patriots Account said the reports of his abduction were false.
Some spread false claims that doctors killed many patients following the strike, including more than 500 people in one hospital.
Collection of Zimbabwe's history
Zimbabwe's media regulation leads to 20th-month colonial policies, which were tainted for use of force to penetrate the political authorities.
The Rhodhesian government led by Ian Smith focused on propaganda and regulated information as its best weapon, not only to uphold the legitimacy of the government but also to spread misinformation about war.
The colonial government passed a large number of laws to suppress expression or opposition to Smith's prejudiced policies and enforced these laws with extreme brutality to target the liberation leaders.
The media regulation was the norm before independence in 1980, and this situation set a government example on communication policies and media administration over the years.
As journalist and prominent South African journalist Heidi Holland wrote in his book Dinner with Mugabe: The Untold Story of a Freedom Fighter Who Became a Tyrant:
Many people in ZANU PF are living in atrocities woven in their daily lives to the point of viewing it as normal.
The forest war, or the Second Chimurenga war, has never been over in Zimbabwe.
Today, Mnangagwa is promoting this heritage, suppressing critics via online critics and online cyberspace.
This post is part of a series of publications that investigate the intervention of digital rights through techniques such as Internet imprisonment and misinformation during important political events in seven African countries: Algeria, Ethiopia, Mozambique, Nigeria, Tunisia, Uganda, and Zimbabwe.
The project is sponsored by Africa Digital Rights Fund of The Collaboration on International ICT Policy for East and Southern Africa (CIPESA).
Protesters participating in the Women's Protests of June 2018 in Kampala, Uganda.
Photo by Katumba Badru, used with permission.
In Uganda, the Internet has become a confrontation when the government tries to silence the growing voice of opposition online.
For years, Ugandan authorities have used a different tactic to suppress the opposition and restore the ruling National Resistance Movement and President Yoweri Museveni to power.
This includes blocking media sites, filtering text messages (SMS) and turning off social media platforms.
As the Ugandan general election of 2021 approaches, administrative leaders are expected to develop similar tactics.
Prison during the 2016 elections
During the 2016 general elections, Ugandan leaders had to bind up all social media platforms twice.
The first imprisonment was implemented on February 18, 2016, during the presidential election Eve, and affected social media platforms and telecommunications services.
The prevention lasted for a total of four days.
On May 11, 2016, social media platforms, including Facebook, WhatsApp and Twitter and telecommunications services were blocked again.
The detention lasted a day and took place one day before President Museveni was sworn for his fifth term as president.
Museveni has been in power since 1986.
Opposition to his leadership is strong: According to a referendum issued in April 2019, the number of Ugandans is against the 2017 decision to remove the 75-year-old age model for presidential candidates, which would allow the 74-year-old president to re-election in 2021 elections.
During all the prison terms in 2016, the Ugandan government stated that the reason was national security to regulate the internet.
Confusion was ordered by Ugandan security forces and the Uganda Communication Commission (UCC), which supervises the communication sector, online literature, broadcasting, filming, postal services, mail and package.
On February 18, 2016, MTN Uganda, a telecommunications service provider, reported on Twitter confirming that the UCC had commissioned MTN to shut down all social media services and telecommunications services because of the security threat to the public.
This instruction also affected other telephone companies such as Airtel, Smile, Vodafone, and Africel.
In the same day, President Museveni told journalists that he ordered the closing of social media: Steps must be taken for safety to prevent many people from getting into trouble, it is only a matter of time because some people use these methods to tell lies, he said.
On March 17, in a formal statement during the Supreme Court decision where President Museveni's victory was challenged, executive director of the UCC, Godfrey Mutabazi explained that he received instructions from the Police Community General, Old Kayihura, blocking social media sites and sending money for security reasons.
The imprisonment encroached on the rights and everyday life of Ugandans online and social media platforms to get news, express their opinions and do their daily business.
In the weeks before the 2016 elections, Ugandans volunteered to publish and discuss the election with the #UgandaDecides and #UGDebate16.
The Ugandan social participation rate was fueled by the first presidential debate ever launched by TV, the first one that took place in January and the second, a week later.
Despite the imprisonment of social media, many Ugandans kept posting elections using the VPN personal Web address.
On election day, citizens were able to share what was rich about the delays of voting facilities at faraway stations, frauds in elections, and the temporary consequences of social media.
Human rights activists say that strategic integration during elections reduces the speed of communication, only when access to information and citizen speech is very much needed.
Internet censorship prevents people from talking about certain things that affect them, such as health, interaction with friends and exchanging political opinions, Moses Owiny, the general officer of the Center for Multilateral Affairs, an independent policy analysis platform in Uganda and Tanzania, told Global Voices in an interview.
According to Owiny, the convict aims to prevent political opposition on the grounds of the government's fear that public opinion can incite the public, the claims that he believes are unfounded but suspected.
Uganda's history of blocking online platforms and websites
On April 14, 2011, the UCC ordered internet services (ISPs) to shut down Facebook and Twitter for 24 hours to eradicate links and transfers.
The order was issued during the protests by the opposition walk to work following the rising cost of fuel and food.
The communication administration said that security forces asked for imprisonment for social media to prevent violence.
In 2011, elections were racked by SMS text messages, including Egypt, bullet and power.
Toward the 2006 general elections, the UCC ordered netizens to block access to Radio Katwe's websites by publishing fake and false information against the ruling National Resistance Movement and its presidential candidate, according to the publication of the 2015 ColEboran terrain on International ICT.
The Ugandan authorities blocked access to the radio station and the Daily Monitor for publishing independent election results.
These platforms were quickly restored but only after the electoral commission announced the official results.
The 2021 election: the same techniques?
President Museveni in May 2013.
He has been in power since 1986.
Photos: Foreign and Commonwealth Office on Flickr [C BY 2.0ą.Tangu in 2016, the regime has continued to arrest opposition politicians and journalists.
Robert Kyagulanyi, a popular phenomenon like Bobi Wine, a singer and leader of the People Power opposition party, who is also a member of parliament, has already announced his appeal to the presidency.
Bobi Wine is currently facing criminal charges for harassing the president and if he is found guilty, he will not be allowed to intercede.
According to Human Rights Watch, in 2018 the administration targeted six opposition legislators including Bobi Wine and Francis Zaake, before the August 15 elections in Arua (in Ugandan football).
Police and the army arrested the group and 28 others on August 13, 2018, and accused them of treason.
Later they were released on bail.
That same day, police also arrested two journalists, Herber Zziwa and Ronald Muwanga, who were reporting on the elections and the violence related to the elections, including the horrible shootings of Bobi Wine's military driver.
Read more: #FreeBobiWine: Protests mount over torture and arrest of a young political force in Uganda
As the 2021 elections approach, it is more likely that the Ugandan regime will promote the suppression of the opposition, including the blocking of social media.
In fact, since the 2016 elections, there has not been changes in the legal system that allows the government to restrict the right to freedom of expression and access to the online news.
According to 2016 State of Internet Freedom in Africa report, the 2013 Communication Act gives the UCC more power and works beneath a 5th key that allows a communication controller to monitor, monitor, give a license, regulate, and regulate communications services and regulate standards, monitor, follow, and enforce information detail.
With a government request, the UCC used this section to order Internet service providers (ISPs) to restrict access to social media and phone services during the 2016 elections.
The government continues to use these regulations to regulate public discussions and to silence political opponents, especially during the elections.
Owiny argues that the government has the power to extinguish the Internet whenever that seems to be of such importance: Where government security and that of its citizens interact, and where government security is threatened, government security and its healing will be given priority.
Non-governmental organizations and human rights advocates have been preparing in Uganda to bail like the one in 2016 does not happen again.
Several organizations wrote a joint letter to the African Community and organisations asking them to condemn the Ugandan regime's decision to block access to the internet during the 2016 elections.
The Unwanted Witness Uganda sent the Ugandan government to court, as well as internet operators (ISPs) and communication control (UCC), in a case filed in September 2016.
The agency noted that the government-organized internet shutdown violated the rights of Ugandans of free speech and expression as explained in the rules of Article 29 (1) of the 1995 constitution.
However, the judge ruled that the charges failed to prove any violations due to the imprisonment, Unwanted Witness told Global Voices.
Successfully enduring the arrival of the Internet during the upcoming elections will require further advocacy.
Owiny suggested the need for private rights activists to increase the discussion between governments and private sectors to communicate the serious consequences of imprisonment because private sectors are intimidated by the government.
Uganda was one of the first countries in Africa to legislate for public information, known as Access to Information Act (ATIA), in 2005.
The law promises to promote prosperity, efficiency, transparency and commitment that will enable the public to gain access to and participate in decisions that affect them as citizens of the country.
Will the government fulfill its responsibility to raise the right to report?
And will they keep his promises?
This post is part of a series of publications that investigate the intervention of digital rights through techniques such as Internet imprisonment and misinformation during important political events in seven African countries: Algeria, eEthiopia, Mozambique, Nigeria, Tunisia, Uganda, and Zimbabwe.
The project is sponsored by Africa Digital Rights Fund of The Collaboration on International ICT Policy for East and Southern Africa (CIPESA).
Students from the DCMA School rehearsing various musical instruments at Old Customs, Old Town, Zanzibar, 2019.
Photo by DCMA.
Thousands of visitors to the Old Town, Zanzibar, an ancient town known to carry a large history of the islands, follow a musical sound from DCMA, a music school aimed at announcing and caring for the rock music that is known to have its origins in the islands and other regions of the Indian Ocean.
Since 2002, the school has been promoting and caring for Zanzibar's unique culture that mixes the Arab culture, both Indian and African through music.
Seventeen years since the establishment of the school, it is now obviously facing a financial crisis threatening his imprisonment.
About 70 percent of the school students who read in school are unable to pay a curriculum, which amounts to $13 per month, according to DCMA's official statement to the public.
Although the school has been receiving aid from international sponsors and friendly organizations, it is currently coping with a huge vacuum that could force it to close its belongings and leave the historic Palace in Zanzibar, known as Old Customs House.
Without hastily making his affairs continue, students and DCMA teachers are worried that the sounds used to roll out of the building's suburbs and make the islands entertain the arts can cease.
The school is not only teaching and promoting natural culture and heritage through music, but it is also occupied by a large group of young musicians seeking alternatives to operate their lives using art.
A DCMA student learning to play a natural lamprab music.
Photo by DCMA.
We started to cope with the financial crisis, says Alessia Lombardo, the Executive Director of the DCMA, in the official DCMA video.
From now to the next six months, we are not sure we can be able to pay salaries to teachers and other employees.
Currently, 19 cartoon teachers and a few other employees have not been paid their salaries for more than six months because the school has been concerned about getting help from friends at the same time trying to develop a sustained system to earn income for the school’s evacuation.
Although the islands are known to attract many tourists the advice of beaches and majestic hotels, many natives suffer from extreme unemployment despite statistics released by the World Bank show that poverty has diminished somewhat in the islands.
For more than 17 years, the DCMA has worked tirelessly to announce and protect Zanzibar's vast heritage through music.
If it is where she was born a lamprab musician and famous singers Siti Binti Saad and Fatuma Daughter Barak, or Mrs.
Kidude, Zanzibar is a musical settlement that emerged through a mixture of culture and collaboration between the Swahili people of the Coast for the past hundreds of years.
Today, students can learn natural music like lamprab, drums and kidumbak, as well as other instruments such as drums, qanun and oud, such as guards and translators of culture and customs.
Neema Surri, a violinist at school in DCMA, has been learning how to play the instrument since the age of 9.
I know many young people who wish to learn music but cannot afford a small fee with poverty and unemployment, Surri said on DCMA.
DCMA students training at the Old Customs Palace, where their school, Old Town, Zanzibar, 2019.
Photo by DCMA.
After completing the DCMA workshops, Astashahada and Stashahada kozi, many students of the DCMA may work on international platforms as well-known bands for winning the awards and independent artists.
Mzanzibar Amina Omar Juma, a former DCMA student and current DCMA teacher, recently returned from a visit to South Africa with his acclaimed band Siti and Bendi Yake, which is known for joining the roots by mixing the sounds of natural lighthouses and the sounds of modern brands.
Also, in collaboration with his colleagues, who are former DCMA students, released the first documentary, Fusing the Roots, in 2018, still performing in Busara Voices, the largest music spectacle in East Africa, that year.
Here you can listen to the Bendi's song Ni Understand and his video, showing Zanzibar's side of the story of a woman coping with domestic violence and musical dreams, as is Omar Juma's personal story:
Read more: East African women on Music's Tasnia Singing Against Male Control
History of Cultural interaction and cooperation
More than 15,000 guests have been through the school's building to enjoy showcases, workshops and classes and meet with DCMA musicians representing the future of Zanzibar's culture and heritage, according to DCMA.
With glimpses of India's history, Urabuni and Africa, the school enjoys being the result of cultural diversity, with culture linked to the Indian Ocean and the Persian Gulf.
Sultan of Omani, a well-known king of the 17th and 19th centuries, emigrated from Muscat to Zanzibar in 1840.
From Old City, Omani rulers operated a sea trade, including cloves, gold, clothing, and windswept voyages between the Indian Ocean to Oman and East Africa.
Youths of Zanzibar are aware of the importance of understanding their history to determine whether their future and the music they make today expresses the desire to set a bridge between the past and the latest.
Recently DCMA students and their teachers started in TaraJazz, a combination of natural lights and modern jazz.
His musician, Felician Mussa, 20, has been learning to play violin for three and a half years; TaraJazz is one of the most sought after bands on the island, here trapped by photographer Aline Coquelle:
The Swahili Coast tells the story of a mixture of culture and DCMA is promoting this culture through musical collaboration.
Each year, the school provides a project called Swahili Encounters, a Swahili conference that congregates well-known African musicians, the Middle East, Europe and North America and DCMA students for developing genuine musical instruments within a week.
At the end of the conference, new teams of artists congregated are required to perform a series on the Voices of Busara, and these teams often live in enduring friendships across language and culture, proving that music is the language of the world.
DCMA provides a weekly event to show the talents of her students and friends who visit the musicians, Old Town, Zanzibar, 2019.
Photo by DCMA.
The DCMA school recognizes that music elevates and unites people regardless of their cultures and also employs young people with talents that live in a society without a good economy and a drastic shortage of employment opportunities.
With the number of 1,800 students passing through DCMA training, this school is the only musical settlement they know, where they can learn and grow as musicians and artists.
A traveler from Spain, who recently visited DCMA school, wrote on TripAdvisor: Personally, meeting with musicians was my best time in the islands.
As the tourist sector Zanzibar grows fast, the DCMA school believes that music plays an important role in celebrating, caring for and promoting Swahili culture, its heritage and its history.
Zanzibar is more than the beaches and its luxurious hotels are part of a boom in the great history of the convention and the combination of history.
Editor's Appendix: The author of this article volunteered to the DCMA school.
Sierra Leone: Health care providers preparing to enter the Ebola treatment center.
Flickr image by EC/ECHO/Cyprien Fabre, August 2, 2014.
(CC BY-NC-ND 2.0)
Earlier on August 12, the World Health Organization (WHO) released a positive report on the development of a medical approach to experimental procedures for several ebola treatments in the Democratic Republic of Congo (Cosy
WHO noted that tested ebola drugs have shown positive results that will lead to the survival of Ebola patients, and further explaining that two of the four tested drugs have demonstrated the potential for Ebola.
Who is responsible for this Ebola treatment?
Honorable Professor Jean-Jacques Muyembe-Tamfum, Institut National de Recherche Biomédicale (INRB) DR of Congo, invested much of his life in search of the Ebola virus.
While international news media coverage covers a great deal about how Ebola is leading to the death toll in Congo, the news about the scientist is being discussed in minimal amounts by the media.
Muyembe-Tamfum explained : that we will no longer say Ebola (EVD) is incurable.
As a result of Muyembe-Tamfum's work, scientists experimented with four Ebola medications: ZMapp, remdesivir, mAb14 and REGN-EB3.
Responses of medical experiments conducted to 499 members of the research showed that patients treated with REGN-EB3 or mAb14 showed greater chances of recovery compared with those treated with two other drugs.
Under the supervision of the Institut National de Recherche Biomédicale (INRB), the Congo Department of Health and three other health - service agencies: The International Health Organization (ALIMA), the International Medical Corps (IMC) and Médeci in SannssronMès (A).
Congolese Congolese involved in Ebola's availability
Muyembe-Tamfum has been doing research on Ebola’s disease since the first reported cases in Congo where in 1976 he was the first researcher to visit the Ebolarasi area where the Ebola disease was reported for the first time, I spent four decades searching for medical treatment for the Ebolawaical illness, this is the success of my life-Mos.
Dr Jean-Jacques Muyembe, Director General of the Institut National de Recherche Biomedicale of the Democratic Republic of #Congo and his colleagues have discovered a new cure for Ebola syndrome that can cure the symptoms in just three hours.
A professor of technologies at the University of Kinshasa- Democratic Republic of Congo, has spent almost 40 years seeking treatment for the disease.
In 1995, he worked with WHO for the impediment of the project heed with WHO in implementing tactics to combat the disease after the first reported Ebola patients in Kikwit, Democratic Republic of Congo.
Professor Muyembe-Tamfum (included with a loudspeaker) speaking during a social educational exercise in Beni, North Kivu, Democratic Republic of Congo, in early September 2018.
Photo by MONUSCO/Aqueel Khan (CC BY-SA 2.0)
Following this discovery, Ebola victims are currently optimistic about receiving quick services and thus being taken to the hospital for more treatments still alive.
With 90 percent of the patients will be accessible to health centers and receive medical treatment and return in full adulthood, they will be able to believe this drug and build faith in their communities and citizens as a whole.
Jean-Jacque Muyembe-Tamfum
Reasons for Ebola treatment
Ebola's first patients are reported in 1976 near the Ebola River in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
According to the Center for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), the Ebola virus has been emerging from natural sources (which has not yet been known) and has sent people to Africa to the disease.
The events of the Ebola epidemic since 1976.
Photograph from the Magojwal Station
Between 2014 and 2016, more than 28,600 people infected with Ebola West Africa.
According to WHO's 2015 report:
In 2014 Senegal had one case of Ebola's infections and without reported death.
WHO announced that Nigeria's move to deal with Ebola virus as part of the massive task of coping with a rapidly spreading deadly disease.
In January 2015, Mali reportedly had 8 Ebola patients and 6 deaths.
However, the situation was horrendous between March and June2016 in three countries: In Sierra Leone: more than 14,000 people suffered from Ebola as well as 4,000 deaths; Liberia: almost 10,000 people suffered from Ebola and 3,000 lost lives.Guinea: 3,800 patients and 2,500 deaths.
An overview of Ebola International
The devastating Ebola syndrome in African countries caused panic and panic in 2015 when two ebola patients were reported to die in the United States, one in Spain and another in Germany.
GabyFleur Böl, a researcher at the Berlin Institute of Ebola, Germany, reported other reports on Ebola patients in Spain, Germany, Germany, Italy and Switzerland.
In the meantime, Ebola's infections were taken as a death sentence due to a lack of effective treatment.
As Böl previously said, the high rate of deaths from Ebola and also / > sometimes misinformation in Ebola media contributed to global fear.
Similar reports were also compiled by 2017 a survey by Hal Roberts, Brittany Seymour, Sands Alden Fish II, Emily Robinson and Ethan Zuckerman analyzed more than 109,000 posts published in major media and blogs in the US between July and November 2014, the episode of Ejbo.
They discovered three main times about the news of Ebola's disease in the mainstream media and blogs in the United States on July 27, September 28, and October 15 in 2014:
On July 27, it was reported for the first time that Liberian medical personnel were infected with Ebola.
On 30 On September, the media broadcast about Thomas Duncan's disease in Texas and the first time it was reported in the United States.
On October 12, reports of the Ebola patient who is a health care provider were very active in the United States.
After 12 October, another Ebola crisis was reported on a series of incidents that led to its loss of day to day.
Possibly the US media have reported a lot about Ebola's disease because of the country's chronic syndro
Also, as a result of the easy access to social media tools, Ebola syndrome has been widely debated in European and US media.
However, what is awaited is to see if reports of an Ebola diagnosed by an African from the Democratic Republic of Congo that treats this African patient will be given access to the media as in 2017.
Erick Kabendera training journalists in 2012, Dare s salaam.
Photo by Pernille Baerendtsen, used with permission
On July 29, 6 soldiers arrested Erick Kabendera at his home in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania and detained him.
Police say Kabendera has defied the order to surrender himself for investigation of his citizenship as a Tanzanian.
In the last week the police searched the cabbage house twice, confiscated his travel document, his other personal documents and questioned his family.
On 5 August, the authorities reversed the argument, Kabandera was charged with funding charges, escaping a total of 75,000 American Dolas, and engaging in a criminal network. These are according to a document of charges against the Journalists' Defense of Information (CPJ).
Police say Kabendera has committed these crimes in four years since 2015.
With charges that confront Kabendera can be met with a 15-year sentence in jail and he is not allowed to obtain bonds.
Tanzanian Magufuli
First they captured the journalist, when they saw the noise many claimed it is not Tanzanian, and it has been without attacks, he is now charged with criminal netizens and avoided paying taxes.
Kutanana and Erick Kabendera, his case is to be a journalist.
Media freedom has deteriorated significantly within the Tanzanian period Magufuli reported by CPJ.
A representative of the Institute for Journalists (CPJ) in sub-Saharan Africa, Muthoka Mumo says:
It seems that over the last week the authorities have been looking for ways to prove his reasons for detention, the free journalist and the critic.
First they alleged that Erick Kabendera's citizenship doesn't get drunk, today they have added some very different charges, which make us wonder why they want to hold him.
As journalist Kabendera has been criticized by President John Magufuli's regime and has often been in charge of press freedom.
He has reported on local and international media such as The Guardian, African Arguments and The East African about Tanzanian politics and how it divides people.
JJebra Kambole, a Kabendera attorney, says, the Muslims also accused Kabendera of sedition against the government through a post published in The Economist, entitled John Magufuli suppressing Tanzanian press freedom.
The news item that came up to me: Erick Kabendera has been called seditionist against the government for an article published in The economist, which says John Magufuli suppresses Tanzanian press freedom of speech from Zebra Kambole says that Mr Kabender has been deprived.
Civilization has been made as a tool to silence people
The cabbage family says, this is not the first time the government asks about kabendera citizenship.
In 2013 the government also filed a similar charge but the case was canceled later, according to The Citizen.
Kabendera at the time saw that the authorities wanted to use the issue of investigating her citizenship as a way to silence her.
Last year also, The Citizen reported a number of cases that the government used to question citizenship with a tool to silence criticism in Tanzania.
Aidan Eyakuze, executive director of the Web, a civil society, focused on the voices of the Nanchi people, said the authorities have taken away his document of travel and refused to travel while his citizenship investigation was underway.
Two weeks before the incident, we can report on the results of a study called To tell the truth to the incumbent?
Public opinion on Tanzania's Politics
The science and technology Commission (Costech) claimed that the research was unacceptable and threatened to take legal action but was later canceled, according to The Citizen newspaper article.
In recent years Tanzania has brought many reforms to bloggers and media aims, civil society organizations, art and culture organizations and as well as professionals and researchers to take action by critics of the government as an attempt to censor information from Tanzania and to discriminate against critics and political rights.
Read more: Will Tanzanian Bloggers Compact to Pay or Go On Blog Taxing?
#FreeErickKabendera
Hundreds of journalists, human rights activists, concerned leaders are crowded on social networks calling for the release of Kabendera:
AFEX Africa calls the charges a clear purpose for use of force
It's nine days now and Tanzanian police continue to detain journalist Erick Kabendera under investigation @AFEXafrica says there is a need for an end to this act of clear use of force.
https://t.co/7UFZkzYzwV @MRA_Nigeria @FXISouthAfrica @gmpressunion #FreeErickKabendera #Nompunity
AFEX (@AFEXafrica) August 6, 2019
Kabendera, who has often taught and encouraged young journalists, has made a student post this message from Twitter:
I met Erick Kabendera only once in my life, and in less than 80 minutes.
He came as an instructor who was invited to come to teach us (the school of journalism and communications to the public- @UniofDar).
But despite being with us for a short time, I learned a lot from him.
He really encouraged me
#100K4Erick
Another netizen thinks Kabendera's arrest and rape is a warning signal for other citizens:
SIMTEI Kabendera Because it's Tanzania or Because it's a Journalist NAMTEA because I live in Tanzania
Unless Justice Has Happened Today and I Keep quiet, It Can No Tomorrow for My VileVile.
No One Is Safe When Bullies Rule
Both Ivan Golunov and me.
A flag run by Meduza, used with permission
: The Russian-language explanation is the amount of boiling that is sufficient may be a good way to communicate how the number of Russians were affected and the arrest of Ivan Golunov, a well-known research
He was arrested on June 6 of Moscow for what appears to be a pretext for engaging in drugs.
Golunov was arrested and rejected by a lawyer which is contrary to Russian law.
His lawyer confirmed his agony in prison .
After being taken to the hospital he was allowed and put on a special hammer on June 8.
Russian soldiers initially showed images of alleged drug laboratories in Golunov's gory but were later removed.
The pro-Kremlin news channel in Russia has also confirmed that the images were not taken on Golunov's Gorofa.
The charges made by Golunov can lead to 10 to 20 years in prison.
The 36-year-old Golunov works in Meduza, one of the few online independent societies that use the Russian language remaining in Russia.
Meduza was registered in neighboring Latvia, but it has a few offices and journalists in Russia .
Golunov has spearheaded a study of several bribery events involving senior leaders.
Since Golunov was arrested, Meduza has been offering Golunov's articles under the creative commons license and has inspired the media and individuals to re-discover the news, which has been strongly supported by Global Voices.
Among the most important news she published was about Vice-President Meya Pyotr Biryukov passed projects for his family and how the project to make the moscow a beautiful city had a budget that exceeded the estimates.
The information she was dealing with before she was arrested was about funeral services in Moscow.
Golunov's arrest has sparked controversial opinions among journalists, activists and lawyers and even popular singers and celebrities outside Mscow and Petersburg Saint.
On June 10, three main newspapers agreed to publish Golunov versions on the front page.
Newspapers were sold and updated.
In an unusual case the pro-Kremlin and Channel One media are asking for a fair investigation.
June 12 will be Russia's day, in which public demonstrations and demonstrations permitted by local governments will take place.
For the laws of the virus, public demonstrations need permission.
Golunov supporters have announced that they will have their own walks without official permission.
Kremlin observers say the Russian government is watching to remove charges against the journalist before June 20.
The day President Vladimir Putin, whose standards have dropped down in history, will be talking to the phone directly during a public talk period during the year when he receives questions from the public on the phone and social media.
Kenyan journalist Binyavanga Wainaina at the Brooklyn Book celebration, 2009.
Wainaina, who was 48, died on Tuesday on May 22 in Nairobi, Kenya.
Photo by Nightscream, CC 3.0 and Wikimedia Commons.
Only 24 hours since Binyavanga Waina Mwandish Mkenya disappeared in this world, but its impact continues to roll around the world.
In fact, a brave journalist blamed the agreement and challenged the government's provocation of revolutionary writing that would open the door to thousands of writers who wish to change in writing and explain what Africa is like.
The writer, teacher and activist of LGBTQ, 48-year-old Binyavanga Waina, died on Tuesday on Tuesday, May 22, Nairobi, Kenya, after a brief illness.
Today I thought: What meaning will your life have when they leave?
Binyavanga's death has made me think about what I was five or so years ago and what he was like to us as a young man with a sense of enthusiasm and hunger for changes on our continent and ours.
Fungai Machirori (@fungaijustbeing) May 22, 2019
In a matter of minutes, friends, supporters and supporters of the Ainanina were flooded on social networks exchanged memories and gratitude and discussed his many interesting scriptures
Wainaina is well-known for her provocative articles, How to write about Africa, published in the 2006 newspaper.
He is also known for his 2012 anniversary, One day I will write about this, and Mother's article, I am an envelope, published in Chimurenga, as well as Africa is a Country published in 2014.
The article was particularly uplifting on Twitter because people tried to show the truth with the local newspapers and called theinaina one of the world's 100 greatest persuasionists
In an article on How to describe Africa, theina called the western media and the industrial aids in Nairobi to promote unwholesome discrimination over the African continent by using mockery and sarcasm.
Don't try to put a good African image on the cover of a book or within it unless the African wins the Nobel Prize.
Guns, AK-47, beautiful lips, mammals: use this.
If you have to include an African, make sure you get from Masai or Zulu or Dogon.
It was a very harsh Kisu, writes Nigerian journalist Nwachukwu Egbunike.
An article or a book widely quoted by professionals, NGOs and relief workers has had a profound effect on African awareness and the results continue to deteriorate, shock and irritate.
Regarding the results, journalist Pernille Bærendtsen writes:
For me, the article has followed me since I was brought as a gift in 2008 by my Kenyan friend.
I am certainly one of the people addressed by Binyavanga: A professional development worker in Tanzania and a non-government Danish organization wrote about the outcome of the article.
It was as the development and industrial aid increased its effectiveness in order to obtain the beating for the change in cost.
I had many reasons to feel embarrassed, but I also had time to plan how to change.
Binyavanga later described in Bidoun's journal how this article came about only in life and two effects: Clarifying and describing the dangers about beekeepers, workers of non-governmental organizations, mosaics, conservationists, students and travel writers who are reading these directions or even how not to write about Africa, begin to ask for his approval.
Waina was the boy of a Kenyan father and a Ugandan mother, who continued to question the fraud described in Africa, particularly through a so-called memory journal in 2012 known as one day I will write about this place.
With a kemkem report, it attracted readers from his infancy in the 1970s in Kenya and a student in South Africa where he spent many years in exile.
The criticism praised the book as authentic and true, but later Waina admitted that she had forgotten an important chapter of her life.
Mum, I am a coward, Wainaina was the first high-profile and transparent match on social media, arousing lesions from the community.
It looked like a lost face in the memory of her life.
Waina saw her say she was a coward for her mom she was dying.
His post came for a while as a campaign against a massive rally against homosexuality and law against homosexuality was proposed in Uganda and later in Tanzania where homosexual acts are criminal.
Read more: Tanzania's position on homosexuality extinguishs political agenda
However, unlike other exiled journalists, Waina returned home as Nanjala Nyabola explains BBC on Twitter, saying it was important:
For those of us who grew up with well - known female exiled journalists, imprisoned, poor or less commended or severely rejected, he returned home and that was very important .
He was an unable man but always deserves thanks.
We have to speak our thoughts
While Binyavanga was truly loved by various international groups, the home criticized and faced the pressure of inadequacy at the established foundations.
Binyavanga called for freedom of speech and thought.
Courageously in a jumuia that LGBTQ enriched on the twisting of the foundations
In response to the noise and other responses, Waina wrote in the same year that we should say our thoughts, in Yuotube as a message of six successive parts carrying his thoughts on freedom and thought.
I need to live a life of freedom of thought, she explained in the first place.
I am asking this generation of young parents to have young people who see Africans covering their own stories this simple act is an important political act everyone should have.
I'm whispered to see the continent where all kinds of thoughts are not wanted until they're allowed.
I am an African of all Africans, I need to see this continent changing.
Wainaina occasionally passed her enthusiasm through her journalism, education and leadership.
In 2002, after winning Caine's best award for her homemade article, she used the award to work together to start Why?
A newspaper aimed at promoting new voices and thoughts emerging across the continent.
Why?
went on for a while published and connected journalists from Lagos to Nairobi, Mogadishu to Accra.
Read more: We work to prevent explosions': a word for discussion in East Africa
While he mercilessly shaken Kenyan social treaties publicly appearing as a coward and later exposed him to HIV via Twitter on AIDS in 2016 it often brought pain, fighting it of cameten with backlash, struggle and pain.
Waina was a controversial man who struggled with pressure and often fought heavily because he became a celebrity of the cowardices of society as a
He had fans but met with criticism from the famous writer Shailja Patel, who shocked theinas to be a poisonous person to hate homosexuals.
Twitter user Néo Músangi describes the shortcomings of theinas in his tweet:
I don't have enough strength but I cry to Binya as my friend in my foreign advocacy and advo
I'm sorry she hurt others.
I regret that he made a mistake like a human.
He would hate us to cleanse him.
Writer Bwesigye Mwsigire, director of Writivism Festival in Uganda, also described this controversy on Facebook:
His lifestyle was a problem.
Good and wrong.
The people we hold for work and their ideas are people.
It is a human.
Are we ever ready to love in their complexity?
In the meantime, many have been discussed about him.
there is no need to return to what was said.
People have reminded him of the pain.
This brings pain to the person he hears for his death.
There is only one Chiina Binyavanga.
He's cool for now.
Let us celebrate his life.
The talent of curiosity
Kenyan activist Boniface Mwangi posts tweets after posting messages to Waina on Facebook; hatred and homosexual sentiments followed his message.
Waina was a gifted curious man who should be remembered:
I posted a brief message on Facebook about the death of Binyavanga, #RIPBinyavanga had a negative and embarrassing opinion I have never read.
Even thieves who rob us of taxes and kill people do not get as much resentment
The truth is, Binya had intelligence and curiosity and will continue to be read and remembered
Mganda and author Rosebell Kagumire summarized what she learned from the bravery of theinas:
Don't let fear.
Do not hold back from you yourselves.
Add to what is required to be said.
Writing.
Reflect your facts and your heart.
When you breathe your last breath , there will be a million very meaningful words you gave to Binyavanga
Through his life and writings, he gave others permission to see life other, and his sudden death signals the poems Through his life and letterself and countless others permission to smoke it as well as otherwise, and his suddening inspired inspired poetic musings:
One day I will write about your beautiful hair
One day I will write about your laughter
One day I will write about your inauguration
One day I will write about your thinking ability
One day I will write about your refusal
Today I am
Kenyan Yvonne Adhiambo Owuor, a journalist and author of Dust, and actually a friend of theinas, concludes with final mourning:
Who told you to leave?
from your body at night without leaving a new account?
The face stoops, the eyes burn, he said, You have only 3 seconds to modify you there.
Whom did you tell you to leave?
From your body without leaving a new account?
Whom can a person go in fear and shudder as an experimental note?
Now he is one of the most famous, you can join the Binya planet with a huge sculpture of his work.
The front page of de Angola's newspaper about the winning designs of the Telstar company.
Published by Dércio Tsandzana, April 19, 2019,
Angolan President João Lourenço on 18 April followed the government's invention of mobile phones in the country, saying that the winner of the Telstar does not approve of the necessary regulations to provide the service.
The president's decisions can reflect division in the Angolan government.
The Telstar company was established in January 2018 with the first 200,000 residents (as USD 600 USD), and its largest stakeholders are Manuel João Carneiro ( 90 percent) and businessman António Cardoso Mateus (10 percent), a report from Portugues Observador.
According to the Angolan news, the victory of Manuel João Carneiro was issued by President Eduardo dos Santos.
Observador reported that 27 companies participated in the process of innovative requests was opened by the Ministry of Information and Technology under José Carvalho da Rocha.
According to the Angolan newspaper on April 25, João Lourenço signed procedures that set new laws for opening up the creative invitations.
After the results of the first innovation of the public, many Angolans questioned righteousness in the process.
Some went as far as saying that the winner Telstar had never had a website.
This was said by Skit Van Darken, an editor and organizer on Facebook:
Telstar Telecommunications, Ltd, was founded on January 2618, by the First 200,000 residents from the Diário da República newspaper, whose players are the general Manuel João Carneiro (900%) and António Cardosoteus Mateus (10 percent).
The main enthusiast is closely associated with Mundo Startel, a well-safe, registered in INACOM, a communication controller with a license though it has passed its time.
a company that doesn't even have a website!
IT IS NO MODERN EXPERIENCE OF OTHERS
COUNTRY THIS IS
For now, Joaquim Lunda, a regular journalist and broadcaster on social media, praised the President's action and I even came to the minister who ran the risk of being expelled from
Nin thanks for its commendation, decisions taken by the President of the Republic, João Lourenço, the cancellation of the government that the Angolan company Telstar won the licence for the licence for the fourth telecommunications operator in Angola.
there were many people dissatisfied with the many important things to open the bans There were many reservations and a lot of points to clarify around the issue.
No one sees a company that was created in 2018 by the First 200 thousand villages, given a creative award.
I am absolutely sure that the days of the minister of communications and information technology are numbered.
Having succumbed to ANGOSAT 1, now and what we see today, I'm worried if fear does anything.
Let's enjoy the game quietly!!!
The president's decision came after the prime minister in 2017, a satellite project, Angosat I, comes into trouble again.
Adriano Sapiñala, vice-president of the main opposition party, observes the problem in the government:
JLo [João LourençoÃ ought to organize his team well because yesterday the dhaman minister was saying that the time of complaint was over and that Telstar would continue the next step as a winner of fraud and that JLo is emerging and erasing!
Communication isn't good?
Now perhaps the minister should take a stand (the door) or JLo should expel him because if he has deleted his designs it is because his process was not good and in order not to affect any clean person must be responsible!!
Blanka Nagy speaking in a January 2019 protest.
Photo by Márk Tremmel, CC BY-NC-SA 2.5.
This story was written by Tamás B. Kovács and translated by Anita Kąmčves for the non-profit Hungary Magazine, Atlatszo.
This edited edition is found here as a sehemh of his collaboration with Global Voices.
The media supporting the Hungary government has started a new attack on Blanka Nagy, a high school student who spoke against the government in several protests since the end of 2018.
Nagy endures a lot of criticism against him and has also been sexually degraded and one source has called him a prostitute.
He has already filed a trial and won a case against three furniture Lokàl, Ripost and Origo that supports the government, saying he was paying off at school.
However, after Nady won the case against Origo, the source attacked her again for publishing her school report.
Nady told Atlatszo that he was thinking of accusing Origo again for their updates.
Blanka Nagy has been popular in Hungary in the winter after he gave a speech in an anti-government protest, where he criticized prominent politicians, using strong language.
His harsh words were shared by social media users via video of his speech.
Two months after his video had attracted attention to social media, supporters and scholars such as Zsolt Bayer launched a series of attacks against him.
The instruments said he was paying a lot of his studies and he had missed many days of schooling.
They also called the giftless who wants to be popular with the prostitute.
His attorney handed a copy of the results in the court and showed that he was not paying for his studies as well as copies of the results were given to Origo agents.
The source decided to publish a report from the results of Nagy and say that he was about to die a lesson in history last term as well as in some other scholarship document as well.
When #Vyombombo ConfessionalHungary lies about little girl protester Blanka Nagy, he has accused her of blasphemy and won.
They have been required to apologize and correct their statement but have refused and remained defamed.
TV2 TV2 television station set aside time to defame the results, mentioning copies taken to court but not saying what the sentence was https://t.co/MyllWb2Jwh
Joost (@almodozo) April 5, 2019
My lawyer and I are thinking of denouncing a source of information that published a copy of my results from school, Nagy told Atlatszo in an interview.
He said Origo had no right to publish the results.
He and his lawyer think Origo had no right even to see the consequences when they represented them in court.
And their latest accusations aren't true, Nady said.
I do not die my history lesson, as opposed to what they said.
I have good results for more than 2 (which is the same as the bridge C).
What they say is false.
I would be embarrassed if it was true because in my family there was a History teacher among my ancestors, he concluded.
I guess all these insults against me are very strange but I don't panic again.
It shows how I in some way intimidate some of the top authorities of the ruling Fidesz party.
The fact is that Zsolt Bayer himself attacked me by government media supporters to spread false information against me, confirms this, he added.
Blanka Nagy a high school student: Fidesz scrapers, escorts, bad and tragedies.
This evil group of robbers, this government of the minority, are filling their bags for their old age when you are suffering from Poverty while retired.
He said the truth.
THIS is Hungary.
Blame and false information are the only weapons of the Hungary government.
Some opposition authorities have responded by accusing the media for blasphemy.
According to the latest data collected by Atlatszo, main sources of propaganda have failed many cases, and the courts ordered to correct information 109 times in the year 2018.
They can't put their thoughts on our heads so they shoot us #SOSNicaragua so read a banner during a protest for political prisoners in Managua.
August 2018.
Photo: Jorge Mejía Peralta (CC BY 2.0)
Since massive protests against President Daniel Ortega erupted in Nicaragua in April 2018, the government has banned demonstrations, has arrested thousands without filing charges and shutting down main sources and substitutes.
Attempts to make the conversation go unsuccessful, now Nicaragua's hatma remains a difficult
Demonstrations began with protests against the reforms of public park policies where they would raise income taxes while reducing backpacks.
Initially the process was made and the authorities opened the door of a country-wide protest calling on President Daniel Ortega, his wife and Vice-President Rosario Murillo to resign.
The death statistics from the protests are over and have not been revived since last year because restrictions against data and memory have increased.
December 2018 the government blocked some of the NGOs that were closely monitoring police violence and violation of Human Rights including the Nicaragua Human Rights Center (Cenidh) and the Institute for Democracy Development (Ipade).
The December also, two groups of the American Human Rights Forces (IACHR) Special Coordinating Nicaragua (MESENI) and the Liberal Intelligence Group, leaving Nicaragua free to regulate the rights of Human Rights and to open up the Bresín Women’s right to violence.
Read more: We are the victims who help the victims: Coping the violations of Human Rights Nicaragua
Low numbers of victims, recognized by the government in August 2018, have risen to 197.
However, the Human Rights Agency has come up with 322 deaths until it reached September 1818, where most deaths were shot in the head, neck and chest.
Blogger Ana Siú recently wrote in Medium about her experience in the April 2018 protests:
I saw my college friend attacked by a gang through Instagram Mubashara.
I heard him yelling and struggling to avoid harassment. At Last, the man who attacked him on the motorcycle left him but took his phone off.
He didn't know he still looks bad.
Then he said, we should leave!
We have to take the phones inspected.
The incident lasted 20 minutes.
He also announced the May 30 protests, which were historic protests in the date Nicaragua celebrates Mother's day when 15 people were killed.
That day we changed our attitudes about the protests.
Some of us in the protests saw how they were killing young people.
It is the first time the police attacked such massive protests with fire bullets.
I have never been so close to death.
When students barred themselves from universities in the capital city of Managua, rural workers blocked roads in rural areas.
In June the protesters of Masaya declared the Orient free from dictatorship.
The government attacked protesters who made detention barriers and responded to police attacks.
Protesters became increasingly involved in violence and fighting and by August 2018 they had died of 22 police officers, and this is according to government statistics.
In the middle of 2018, the police started what they called the operación in order to dissolve him and accuse suspected of their involvement.
Reports say that security forces did it with militants.
Many students, leaders of the agricultural movement, rights fighters and journalists were targeted in this dangerous campaign and many of them have been accused.
And some health workers who served the victims during the protests have experienced turmoil over what they did.
The Nicaragua Physicians Association said that at least 240 doctors were expelled from public hospitals as a means of survival.
Read more: Nicaragua protesters and journalists face violent attacks on the streets and on the media.
In September the protests were made illegal again, and any activities in the streets now need special permission from the authorities, where they are often rejected.
On February 27, 2019, a dialogue table was referred to between the government and the opposition party, He began Cívica por la Justicia y la Democracia (Cosition of Justice and Democracy for the Citizen), followed by the release of hundreds of people from prison.
Compared with a discussion of the past, this meeting did not include leaders of the movements of farmers and students, because some of them are in prison, and some are in exile.
Not only a new president at the beginning
Since the country's crisis is coming in second year, Nicaragua's future is being carried by hashtag #SOSNicaragua, which is daily with allegations, photos of victims and cries about the prison students and their families.
Read more: Nicaragua's Diaspora activists carry the load twice
Nicaragua’s news source, Niú interviewed protesters who led the February symposium in nearby Costa Rica and described the difficulty of living in exile.
Alejandro Donaire, the student said he fled the country after participating in a peaceful demonstration, told Niú how difficult it is to feel a part of society and a normal life, after spending a long time living in hiding, running and demonstrating.
Madelaine Caracas, a spokesman for a group of students known as the Disciple Cooperation for Democracy, also shared Niú's thirst for Nicaragua’s change that will be more than Ortega's leaving:
[Tunatakaftfts to eradicate dictatorships, gender suppression, selfishness and other weaknesses that have penetrated into the political culture of the country.
We believe that Ortega will leave this year and that I will return to Nicaragua this year.
And I am sure that Ortega is currently unacceptable in both international and economic spaces and because all those participating in the April demonstrations are now fully organized.
The final coverage of the interaction between the State and the opposition came to an end on April 3, with an agreement on two of the four topics discussed.
First the government has promised that it will free all political prisoners and the second will respect the freedom of the civilians.
There was no agreement made regarding justice for the victims of election violence or self-developing for the 2021 elections.
The opposition party of the Civil Union said, however the government has failed to respect the agreement.
Police have continued to disrupt peaceful demonstrations.
As April 6, only 50 of the 600 political prisoners were released, and detained in their homes.
Later on April 17, following a new US stumbling block, more than 600 prisoners were released and went to end their sentences in house arrests, but according to the Civil Union, only 18 members of the group were on the list of political prisoners who hoped to be released.
In the minds of people like activist and researcher Felix Madariaga, the new leader of Nicaragua Tomorrow remains in prison today.
Meanwhile, opposition groups have called for demonstrations to commemorate the anniversary of the
With restrictions from the authorities and the ban on the protests, it is also expected that there will be a new repression from the police.
