Photo Rasmi of the president of the Republic of Nigeria, President Muhammadudu Building by Bayo Omoboriowo are the Mikimedia Commons, May 29, 2015, (COU .
The Nigerian government has announced on Friday that it is locked up a violin in the country in, days after the network cancels away the dangerous site , written by Nigerian President Muhammadudu that claimed that the government will use power against the Igbo. tribe
Along with the removal of the disaster, the message went to spread on social networks, which reminded the pain of civil wars that lost more than a million lives
But the storm prompted the movement on social networks to stand with Nigerians of the Igbo. tribe
In a series of rickshaws published in June 1, 2021, Bureau threatens to care for Nigerian Nigerians who come from the eastern part of the country by using the language they understand, returning to the civil war in Nigeria between 1967970 against the animosity of the Biafra Republic of southern Nigeria
It was written after a series of attacks on governments and security utensils in the area , which is accused of having a military group associated with the Aborigines (IPOB), the lukewarmness of the people who want part of the Biafratenge.
The group has refuted the involvement of the attack, according to the American Voice .
Most of those who presently degrade badness of discipline were young to understand the devastation and loss of life that resulted during the Civil Conflict in Nigeria, it said cyclone of what has now been canceled:
Photo encyclopedia for the threat of Nigeria's President Bureau
Twits that answered the beatings of the pronunciation given by the bridegroom who was evidently angry in the country's Ikulu, the headquarters of Abuja, regarding the proposal against election officials .
I think we have given them enough platform .
They have said what they wanted, but now want to exterminate the land, he said, referring to these solitary people:
The bride - price has spoken with her mouth
Bureau, retiring general was in the military during the civil war in Nigeria.
This terrible war led to the death of more than a million people of the Igbo tribe and other Oriental - belt residents according to Chima J. Korieh, professor of African History at the University of Marquette in the United States.
For many Nigerians, the conquest of the state of Biafra, is generally taken as an unforgettable phenomenon to be forgotten, but for Igbo people who struggled to isolate, remains a shaft that changed the meaning of their lives,, says Nigerian author Adabi Tricia Nwalo
(Dole: Writer comes from the Igbo. tribe)
A policy of antisocial hatred prevents twigs that preach riots and threaten people with a colorful pattern,, tribal origin of national nationalism .
Similar wigs , such as Burea, are fired by the company or the users themselves , force to eradicate the wounds that run contrary to policies .
Lai Mohammed, a Nigerian news minister described the expulsion of the president's violin and the social media company as a skeptical event:
correspondents Mission In Nigeria Is Suspicious, Says Lai Mohammed pic.ē6hbAKsnjVM
Twits with threats are still online
A study by the Digital Africa Research Lab (DigiAfricaLab) social network that suggests that the threats written by the bride - price are still visible on several counts two days after they have been canceled and the advice quoted by other users:
More than 30 hours after presumptuous attempts to cancel encyclopedia from the president of Nigeria , a violation of the law, dysfunction Against BADO INACCKE on many Web sites for the quotation !
Using a different account by means of different instruments through DigiAfricaLab was able to see more than 17,000 of the users quoted by preconventions before the social network has uncovered the antifreeze from the ZuMBuhari and the @NGRPresident, all of them as checkpoints used by the Buret .
In addition , the DigiAfricaLab was able to pierce and cultivate the League's defense was blown out .
The unearthed twits can continue to appear to the users of the girafter because the fragrance used by UAPI (API) depends on the interactions of other networks connecting the craneworkwork through the URL.
Other reasons , according to J. D. Biersdorfer of the New York Times, are that eradication - branded twigs can still be found and thus appear on the quest for Web site until the site is revised by a new copy of twigs on the main page of the account .
Response to the #IAmIgboToo
The Holocaust's girdle of the Bureau sparked a controversial debate from the Nigerian Advertisers, a controversy that hit the Web heads on the subject of #IAmIgboTo to express their regrets.
About cyberspace users in Nigeria from various ethnic groups also used Igbo names as a form of standing with the Igbo people of the Igbo. tribe
Criticism held on June 4, 2021 and the Global Park using Brand Mentions tools that indicated that within seven days the symbol of # #IAmIgboToo was mentioned 508, it has been used 319,200 times to reach 457,500 people and 313,100 times as a sign on the Instropics and Insograms .
A picture of the words mentioned on the subject of #IAmIgboToo
The Human Rights Reformer Ends Jesus using the name of the Igbo Somtochukwu, meaning joint with me to praise God while he curses how President Buhaar terrorized the Igbos , saying the attack by the Igbo people:
My name is Aisha Somtochukwu Jesusfu.
Any practice for the Igbo people is to intimidate me .
Attacking the people of Igbo is the attack on me.
Nalaan the 1967 threats from the Palace to the Igbo people
No Nigerian is more than any Nigerian
Clothing musician Jude Abaga (M.I Abaga) expressed his affection for this country to continue in front of this hateful pronunciation:
The explanation that Nigeria holds the Igbo people is crazy and leaves the same unchangeable attitude
Sumerior #KomeshaS Rinuola [Rinuē Oduala, using the Gbo Ochiaga, meaning lecturer of the troops of, he splendidly remembered the Igbo women's contribution to the history of the Nigerian Ochiagaga, returning to the Festival of Women in November 192: 1992:
I remember the Aba Women's Rebellion where less than 25,000 women marched against colonial exploitation .
I come from this area of women with the mammoth , born with courage & tolerance against years of oppression and injustice .
My name is Rinu Ochiagha Oduala #MimiNigbo
Blossom O Visitmba, translator of the Igbo of the Global Global Glossom classified that threats begin and downplay a person's personality:
Advertising people's personality is easy to eliminate the ethical worries about genocide , prejudice , or torture of others simply because of the identity of the tribes .
If they do not appear to be humans, it is easy to legalize disturbances against them.
Personality, according to the O Visitmba, it makes it easy to rid the moral touch and murderous acts, discrimination, or torture of people simply because of their tribes .
Photos and dragnets, CC PDM 1.0
On March 27, a heated debate arose on Kenya's social networks over a pronunciation issued by three radio broadcasters during the morning Breakfast Show.
Advertisers were discussing the ongoing court case associated with Eunice the Hungarian, a woman who was driven out of a 12 - story building by a man with whom she had relations .
On the Web site site where angry Wives enraged advertisers Shaffie Weru, Joseph Munoru, and Neville Muysa with their pronunciation on the case of genderysical harassment and summoned the proclaimers of the U.S .
Shaffie insists that the woman was moved from the 12th floor of the building in Nairobi after saying no to a man is because she was so free to place herself in such a situation.
What hell !
This case has distributed media users , since there are some who agree with the publishers.
Although the three were expelled from the job by the radio, station , it brought out how serial hostility in Kenya has grown to women.
There are about 21.75 million Web sites in Kenya, or 40 percent of the country's population according to data research by the DataReportal company in 2021.
About 11 million people are social networks, a 2.2 - percent increase compared with the year 2020.
As a result of another international telecommunications System (GSMA), the number of mobile phone ownership is almost equal for women and men with a five - percent greater difference in ownership or communication skills if compared with the three - media users in Kenya are a woman.
Like a few currents in Kenya , women have often developed the goal of bed oppression.
And although in 2018 the law against verbal oppression was passed in a country that describes such behavior as association with others in such a way that it can cause anxiety or fear of disturbance or destruction or the loss of property for the people's penalty until 10 years is still thirty - rounded online .
Below we will explain two popular events that produced 12 roots in the past that social networks have served as a harassing stage for women in Kenya.
COVIDrowrow19 sufferer
In March 2020, Brenda Iyv Cherotich developed the first COVID -19 in Kenya.
After recovering he came and described his journey when the world began to understand about this new virus.
But Cherotich did not glow as he expected .
After interviewing the media in April 2020, was confronted with exploitation and harassment from Kenyan Onward (meaning as #KOT a frequently used word to describe the truthful use of valves in Kenya who participate in isolated debates or contracts on the Web site) who sought to defraud and ask the truth about its stories .
Other online persecutors encroached in his personal life, his personal conversations and photos spread online online after being drawn by a friend or a close - knit
Its hairstyle looks like Corona itself
After the indignation of this, Kenya's health minister Mutahi Kagwe presented himself to justify Brenda, to call on the persecutors " arrests and to cite them as embarrassing efforts to combat COVIDLI19.
Health Prime Minister Age Kagwe telling the police to convict social networks by persecuting Brenda
And that was not the end of him, another victim recently collapsed on the attack of #KOT: Proclaimer Vyonne Okwara was brought up after defending Brenda and supporting the ministerial argument to inflict guilt on the harassers of the
I do not fully agree with Yvonne Okwara.
Your statement has no tija.
It is adhesive and aromatic to the higher heavens.
Where was your voice when your fellow women stripped a NUME (Lonyangapuo) naked and shared his naked pictures ?
This is toxic
Okwara criticized the persecutors for aiming women.
He said that Brian Orinda, three COVIDLI19, he was present when he made his recovery trip with Brenda, did not get the same reaction.
This stirred the fingers of keyboard fighters whose day they had onto the violet Against Okwara.
Using a dating card throughout the day .
Women are required to protect their dignity first.
Passing pictures like these and participating in them as immorality.
This inferior and ignorant circumstance from Okwara.
So cheap, you wonder whether Corona ate the brain.
Men's nakedness was recently.
He has suddenly gained memory by choosing about it.
Early in the year, the principal spokesman Kanza Dena was also affected by Kenya.'s patriotic exploitation
As he grew up giving a meeting with journalists at the hafla, typists exploited his body from his weight .
It quickly became a controversy on social networks and parts of the Wives and media constitution defending Dena.
He is quite fat and long , short !
Who set the standard for women to be seen ?
Why is it our plight thatÜKanzeDena has added weight to her ?
True , he is a new mother , but,, he is not in debt to anyone !
Give him rest , please !
This is new below we must reject them
An article in The Elephant, one of Kenya, to pioneer as a social network in Kenya and the world have turned into lines of poisonous words and persecution.
There is no controversy that social networks have been essential to social development and professionallam, more for women.
Many women have built their businesses on both sides and, in the process; they have learned how to join others .
Many find customers to buy and sell their products on the runway .
Some find fossils to enable, viewpoints and cause hundreds , not millions of social commerce that are not just promoting economy but are indirectly enabling young men and women to
They have also learned how to improve their courageous knowledge of the current .
Undoubtedly , then , the social network has emerged as a good opportunity to do business .
This is important for economic efficiency and for women.
Source, The Elephant.
It seems that for women to engage in meaningful conversation on topics that directly affect their life - style , the Internet must be a safer place than it is now.
Rainbow flag .
Marco Verch's photo on the Flickr, CC BY 2.0.0.
Caribiani, one by one , the Caribianian countries have been renovating his law books to emphasize equality to lovers of the same sex by removing colonial soccer bells that were determining the habit of interacting with nature .
In 2016, it began in Belize.
Two years aftere, Trinidad and Tobago pursued, although his step has not been interpreted for changes in law .
Three years after the court unequivocally pronounced that the laws go against the constitution, Trinadad and Tobago appear on the way to correct the rules of the Sawa Law (EOA) related to homosexuality.
This law has a goal that reads as, prevents certain forms of prejudice and promotes equality between people of different backgrounds .
For the purpose, the Fursa and the Fursa Sawa Court were set up to deal with these issues but until now, these vessels fail to deal with the issues of discrimination against homosexuality .
The laws that exist deal with gender,,, race, ethnic group, other religions, marital status or disability on the subjects of employment, education and so forth.
The pressure to correct the present Law increased after the Scotiabank Bank in Trinidad and Tobago announced on April 14 that it will expand health services to employees on homosexual relationships in the same manner as those with members of the opposite sex partners
The announcement not only resulted in serious debates in the country but was also commended by the U.S . Business Clace (AMCHAM) and Ian Roach, chairman of the Commission of Fursa Sawa, quoted in his debate with the Newsday Trinidad and Tobago
It is a good step on the part of personal sector and especially on the bank, which has a variety of employees .
It is important and others imitate this, , along with what the law asserts .
Government attorney Faris AlectRawi has said that the Scotiabank Bank has been encouraged to protect the rights of the people and that the doors are open to do what is needed to eliminate the various forms of prejudice that exist in the country .
The position of AlefRawi seems to change according to his position after the Supreme Court of 2018; soon after an unconstitutional decision was issued, the government declared his intent to appeal to the apple.
When Trinidad and Tobago have made great strides to eradicate various forms of discrimination, but when it comes to the issue of prejudice against the country's homosexuals, the fear of the axes using religious arguments has not changed much .
By observing citizens " reaction to the Scotiabank Bank's proclamation on social networking sites such as Tyndale's opposition.
At that time, homosexuals continue not only to cope with prejudice, but also,,less acts ended with a loss of life.
In a recent episode by Marcus Anthony Singh, a member of the guerrilla club in the area where he lives, unleashed a heavily controversial controversy over the complex environment in which homosexuals are coping specifically with their relative safety and discriminated
The many discussions have been taking place through Spaces, a sound platform that enables debates and safe education.
When Government Soldier Al Rawi has not officially given the transition of the, laws by their axes and colleagues, the hopes remain that the measures taken by private companies such as the Scotiabank Bank Bank will not long be replaced by government, and eventually bring about social changes .
Duval, French engineer and founder of the Gaël. Institute
Photo has been used for permission.
For the sophisticated and technologies, the accumulation of statements by Internet users has been their primary source of income .
Yet, this type of acquisition puts users at risk as it manifests itself in occasional events of the clearing of commercial statements, the blending of statements and aggression.
Is there a reasonable way to improve the privacy of the users " intelligence ?
Companies such as Google and Apple have empowered each day to gather statements of their clients by means of cell phones, and combinations used from time to time , such as calendar and ager
Several ingredients have been pursuing a real place when a person is in, and on the other hand the use of health issues and sports wandering in collecting certificate statements of clients .
It is believed that these statements are collected and analyzed with a view to simplify and invoke the user what he urgently needs .
The fact is , however , that,, the users of the academics and technological users do not know that, they are free of charge .
Reformers on private Web policies such as Austria, Max Schrems, has expressed his feelings about this procedure of the armometers and the use of technology by means of their clients.
He announces the danger of the frequent phenomena of persecution and the violation of the law of privacy
One of the events such as these are perhaps well described in the skendo of the familiar Cambridge Analytica case where the personal Cambridge Analytica Institute of advice collected 87 million users without their consent to help them fight the Urais Ced and Donal Donal Trud in early days
Schrems points out that he alerted representatives of Joel regarding the collection of statements made by the Cambridge Analytica, and yet unable to persuade them to take action:
Representatives of Thomas without lyrics said that in their opinion, using the platform of a certain owner you have allowed the people to operate their devices [ in the cell phones and other equipment for collecting the user's statements .
However , why ask yourself about privacy online , whereas you have nothing to hide ?
Reformer Edward Snowden had the answers to the question in the Reddit conference in 2015:
To think that you care nothing about the right of online online because you don't have to hide is to think that you don't care about the right to express yourself because you don't have anything to say .
A real condition of the damage caused by the use of news technology
French computer engineer and data, Gaël Duval specialist has long engaged in computer usage with the Linux player of Mandrake , the endecimen who designs Linux's rite of Linux) each person has the right to enrich and then to be used .
Duval decided to create an endeshi system that helps to provide protection for the facts of cell - phone statements: /eוOS.
The Globe spoke to him to understand how information technology affects the lives of, people and its effects .
Here is his attitude toward the development of this information technology:
This is a philosophical question.
Binaphs I have a blend of sensation about information technology , since I always have high - tech romances .
Yet , there is a time when I feel bored and remember the times when you need to call, you are going to an isolated spot .
Doubtless , what was a fertile , fertile life .
Young people may be surprised that, until I was five, years home , there were no telephones or clubs .
There is a time to think that I lived a very different life of the world , which is presently totally nonexistent .
On the other hand , it is a delight to be heard when we try to imagine what we can do in the presence of modern - day technology , such as communicating with someone who is the most different part of the world by means of high - quality videos and witnessing electric automobiles that fill our lungs with deadly smoke .
For those who remember, releasing the pleasures and bruises of years of the period of analogia, we are currently facing the high risk of support in the news technology.
A 2018 - year study involving behavioral problems in children and curbing habits on the use of the telephone , diagnosed janja's high - phone expenditure leads to a number of problems with the Crisis of Integrity (ADD) and sonona.
A study published in 2020 by Common Sense Media diagnosed that 50 percent of the youths in the state of Los Angeles said they could not stay without using the phone .
The damage resulting from the use of these technology was recently set up by sources of trust in the Netflix article of The Social Dilemma, which denies the testimony of former employees of major firms in Google, Raise and explain how they were setting up an environment for persuasion to build addiction to pestsychism .
Some governments have tried to cope with this problem by improving the law to build a comprehensive understanding of consumers and increasing commitment to companies .
The year 2018, the European Unity (EU) passed on the Womanship of the Information Defense (GDPR).
This law has added a number of requirements regarding the care of a statement in which the user's unequivocal compensation regarding his statements and wants companies to be involved in eliminating these statements after a three - year period without being coerc
Also ,, this law has provided a great ransom for those who will not respect these principles .
Yet, his execution is confronted with unemployment in governments, as well as, this law applies only to the member nations of the European Union.
Substances to enable users of information technology
In what way things are now, Duval was persuaded to provide resources that would enable people to take on the responsibility to protect their own statements, as he explains:
Our Motto is that your Literature is yours , since our statements are our own, and to those who think it should not be so; they do not want freedom and peace, or own a prototype business because personal statements can help sell more expensive ads .
This is how the endeshi worked:
/ Escaping is an endeshi's satellite sample jan , which does not use any statement [ to Google Challenge , such as when you eperson, where you are and focus on the privacy of the user .
This system does not in any way check the user's personal statements .
It also offers basic online services , such as e - mail serve, calendar, to keep contact with all the telephone network janja.
Duval says that when it comes to the issue of personal statements from, Google and Apple , they have similar aims to pay for the Google - commercial system of what is essentially based on 8 to 12 billions each year for placing Google on the iPhones and iPas.d.
Duval added:
Using iPhone, the user sends an average of MB 6 of his statements to Google, a day.
It is twice the amount sent by the users of the Android.
In addition , the outer system of Apple is closed in, and completely missing from the frankness undergoing .
It should only believe them .
We for our part, are allowing for a change in private policies: all the /eוOS and the organizational resources of the Web site (the shoes used in the formation of this system) are available free.
This system can be interrogated and checked by toalam.
In the growing environment of the use of the telephone janja, it is evident that the rules alone are not sufficient to build understanding and to give accurate and knowledge to users to protect their statements and here are the importance of the militaristic resources that help the users to become more responsible
A statement and understanding are vital to protecting against UVIKO Exposure to UVIKO
Pictures depict health - care workers in Kenya educating society about UVIKO Hav19.
Photo: Victoria Nthenge and Trocaire have CC BY 2.0 license
The start of the release of the UVIKO vaccine in Kenya has been stirred up by tests of bribery and corruption that have left many citizens in spring and the elderly waiting on long lines outside the public hospitals at this time when the country is confronted with the third explosion of infection and deaths from UVIKO1
During that time, hundreds of Kenyas pay a dollar to $ 100 so that they can be called early, as described at a number of Cesareans online and the Kenyan and international media .
Early in March, Kenya purchased more than 1 million OxfordāAstraZeneca by means of the UVIKO vaccine Earth, scheduled by the World Health Organization by COVAX.
The distortion of the vaccines launched a free vaccine campaign in public and private hospitals.
The release of these drugs was divided into three stages: health servants and security officers and immigrants and immigration from citizens over 58 years of age and adults with health - care challenges and other citizens who live in such dangerous environments as those who live in unofficial dwellings .
The country depends on receiving 24 million doses by COVAX.
According to The Washington Post, Kenya , it is aimed at vaccinating 50 percent of its citizens when in June 2022 by cooperation between the COVAX and the helps from other nations.
In his report to the UNICEF in Kenya Maniza Zaman commended the arrival of the first vaccines in Kenya.
Pursuing the arrival of these vaccines, UNICEF and its associates are commending the promise of COVAX to make sure that people from less economically resolute countries are not left behind on this international life - saving program by vaccination,
However , this third arrangement was interrupted immediately after the practice began because of the final - minute decision of hastening the second plot of the plan as a form of coping with the third wave of the three - vengeance missions that resist, and the government's failure to communicate and inform the citizens .
In his article on what is going on in the UVIKOā19 vaccine in Kenya, Patrick Gathara, writer who lives in Kenya and from faraway political cartoon artist said:
With loud voices and selfishness, politicians claimed that they should be presumptuously given to build faith for citizens, although the Health Ministry already reported the absence of the vaccine .
Since the government has disregarded the requirement to explain his plan to the citizens of, there was much confusion as to where and when people are expected to stand on the line.
Along with government prescriptions to citizens over the age of 58, the media in Kenya reported that merchants and politicians outside the congregation of this age have been receiving services contrary to the procedure that identifies heavy springtime discrimination by money.
At that time, qualified elders and poor Wives who do not have access to help users and who have no money to bribbery, are seen waiting all the way from 11 o'clock in the morning to be asked to return another day because drugs have ended, according to the information written by The Washington Post .
They have another door to their friends, Mary Njoroge, 58, one of the, teachers told The Washngton Post.
Without having someone to help you complete all,333 , what will you do ?
Similar incidents were reported at another government hospital andÄSativa, a user from Nairobi, who is also a Vice.
On the thread of defense, he described what his aunt met with it - a retired schoolteacher over 60.
When the elders waited in line, the nurse called the names and young men came before and obtained a vaccine .
When her aunt asked what was going on, the nurse gave her number [ a telephone call call that she could spend money, she said on the thread of knock .
Following statements of increasing population motivation for the vaccination campaign of Kenya, Kenya, Health Minister Mutahi Kagwe told the media:
I guess we have reached the point where we have made a synonym for anybody can go to the vaccine and get a ministry.
I want to keep this issue well, those who provide a vaccine will render an account of every medication they used and that the drugs used must be posted by a qualified person .
The president of the National Association of Nurses in Kenya Alfred Obengo asked Wives who were not on a list of presumptuous ones to avoid standing on a vaccine vaccine .
Describing how the Kenyan government could avoid the disintegration in carrying out the plan, Gathara maneuvers his article by saying:
We could avoid this position as the government of Kenya and its associates on earth, with the World Health Organization and the governments of western, countries would work with Kenya as a veteran of this arrangement and not a colony treated cruelly and suspended.
It is very sad for the Wives, their colonial country to be unaware of another type of.m .
Last December, throughout the earth , in Argentina , where abortion was officially permitted in that country .
But on what scale are girls and women forced to become parents in other parts of the world?
Look or listen to this global program Insights (flowing in the air on April 7), where our South American editor Melissa Vida conducts a discussion of fertility rights and professionals and subsequent reformers:
Deborah Religion (Brazil): cultural expertise who conducts research programs on biological ethics, the rights of women, human rights and health.
He teaches the University of Brasilia, but also studies at the University of Brown, and is a reproductiveist .
Her statements regarding abortion, equality in, the separation of governments and religious questions and policies have acquired national and international awards and have been contended at various competitions.
Joy Asasira (A
Joy was awarded for the Legal Party in Uganda (ULS) of the Fine Attemporary Woman for Human Rights for 2018ā19 and was recognized as a ring leader in the Earth's Health at the World Summit for Women on earth held at the University of Stanford in 2017.
Emilie Palamy Pradichit (Thailand): founder and director of the Manushya, he started in
Emilie is an international attorney of human rights who demolished the rights of isolated communities .
R Umaima Ahmed (Pakistan): author of independence.
He was originally the Helper editor of The News on Sunday and The Nation.
R Umaima has over 10 years of online and newspaper age
He is rocking himself on the safety issues of dengue, women and animal rights .
It is also the writer of the GlobalÓ.
Dominika Lasota (Poland): 19 - year - old behaviorist and part of the Fridays For Future and Women's Strike.
Financial telephone service awaiting customers in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania.
Under the general rules of 2020, freedom of expression has been squeezed by fees and the government's authority to eradicate unsolicited agents .
Photograph by Fiona GrahamוWorldRemit through the Flickr, CC BY SA 2.0.0.
This article is part of the UPROAR, the Subject Information project that asks governments to deal with the challenge of ethical rights in the journal Universal Periodic Review (UPR).
Early on the month of March, at the time of theocracy when they began to interrogate health and where President John Malock -, many citizens used social networks to ask questions and even to express their concerns.
In answering these, the government threatened to arrest anyone who used social media to broadcast blank statements about the president .
Governmental authorities returned to the Tanzanian Wildlife Law of 2015 and the Edomite Communication Principles and the Posta (EPOCA) coined in 2020 to describe the possibility of arrest and inclusion for all who broke the laws .
This was a sponsor of, governmental measures that have repeatedly applied the rules of cybersex and Web sites dictated to control and constitutional rights and freedom of opinion in Tanzania.
On March 17, former U.S . President Samia Suluhu Hassan announced on national television that John Magufuli had died .
A few days aftere, Hassan was vowed sixth president of Tanzania.
Up to that time, fewer than four had been arrested in various parts of the country for the error of spreading false rumors about health and the location of the Bounds.
Many are now wondering whether Tanzania will revise its principles governing Web sites after the rule of the Reveals, or if these laws continue to apply until 2025 the remaining Masheshes will be completed by President Samia Hasan.
Early in March, Innocent Bashungwa, Minister of Information, Cultural Art and Sports of Tanzania, cautioned the media to avoid spreading rumors about the presence of Mafuli, then unseen since February 27.
Advice, Minister of the Law and Constitution, Tiger Nchemba, also inflicted penalty for the users through his credible account to distribute the ignorance of the authoritarian Article 89 of the Punishing Principles and the 16th Article of the Errors
Police chief Rama supposed a willingness to get to know the Golden Holocaust Account with a name name that has long distinguished itself
Reformers of human rights have denounced these measures taken by government officials and the fear of these same principles as the threats associated with its execution .
Cooked Principles: Additional suppression of cardinal rights
For more than a decade ago, Tanzania has enjoyed a steady network and a great deal of communication and technology .
Along with these developments, the government has set an environment for controlling companies and platforms of negotiations and because the free media are unable to distinguish themselves in the sense of the opinions published by the chapter of its proposal .
The Web site has made a new platform to Tanzanian youths and social networking reformers to shout their voices, but the government does not seem to agree with this new truth .
The 2010, Tanzania published the Eletronian Communication Law and the Posta, of its kind in the country.
By 2018, specific rules regulating Web sites were issued by Edomite Communication Principles 2018.
The government claimed that these principles targeted the pursuit of nearly the use of social networks in particular, to combat the problem of antisocial media .
However ,, these principles were not only applied to the headlines but also to the owners line one and,nipers who were surprised by a new requirement to pay $ 900 for license to obtain a license .
This requirement also applied to anyone who prepares and sends a lecture on television or online .
Large darkness spread on social networks following this promising requirement of the fees where many lawyers and midwife producers decided to break up their activities because of the high costs .
Testimony politicians and social media users strongly criticized these rules by wielding freedom of social media with civilians.
The 2020, Tanzania issued a new revision of Web sites under paragraph 103 of the Law for Eletian Communication and Posta,20, and began to serve on July 2020, and to announce them by means of the Declaration Na 538 in the State newspaper .
Some of the major differences between the 2018 and 2020 editions of the Mexican Principles O (EPOCA) are:
First, the Community Authority Tanzania (TCRA) reconstructed the fertilities and added small congregations under Web sites that are: statement & entertainment and education or religions and continued to prevent personal commitments .
The Code of Maudhui of 2020, Part VIII Article 116:
Anyone who offers online services without a proper license, is making a mistake and his punishment is a sentence for paying a minimum fine at Kitanzania 6 million [ 2,587 million American doses or a prison term that does not less than 12 months or all together.
Second, TCRA added a list of unauthorized genealogies and connected, along with other factors that motivate to record, sponsored telemarketing, stole data, track to record and intervene without permission .
Three, Codestal Principles (EPOCA 2020) have also reduced the period during which the license owner can work on the violation of rigorous principles by being set up or resembled an account.
Under 2018, license license had 12 hours to do so
But at the 2020, below part of the III, paragraph 11, the amount of time to care for any kidnapping was reduced to 2. hours
Failure to honor this time authorizes permission to intervene , either by locking or removing the account .
The Globe spoke with some athletes of human laws and rights who criticized the Reformation Principles of 2020, stating that they violate the ethical rights and civil rights .
They said that these rules denote ethical rights and hinder the defendants defenseists and scribes from online agents .
A major problem here is that there are no precautions to prevent this authority from being abused , and in the case it is now, these authorities are damaging to the freedom to express themselves honestly in Tanzania, said one of the human rights agency requested not to be informed .
Following the Reveals: Santerosene sanctuary in Tanzania
Under the rule of the Falls,,,,333 civic assessments of the media and demographic rights have been deteriorating rapidly in the pursuit of gradual pressures online .
After the sudden death of the Designs, many are now wondering about the vicinity of the country's devil rights after six years of leadership that continued to show signs of the ribs .
The Global landscape spoke to some government officials with no mention of new principles and human rights and ideological freedoms .
An avotee of the rights of the beandams in Tanzania told the
These principles are not justified because anyone can be convicted, not many citizens understand the translation of these principles .
Another thought that the government was carrying social media such as chero.
He alerted the countrymen to take precautions when speaking on open platforms because the government has the legal power to obtain all their statements through the owners of the platforms
Cover 2020 Sudden Principles make it impossible for a person to be totally unfamiliar online under Principle Cretificated), staff members of the intelligence rooms (internet café) to register with identificational critics .
These principles are contributing to the defiling veneration of, the right of incomprehension, the harsh penalty for these principles and the delegation of superpower to the TCRA and other vessels under him .
Mexican Principles (EPOCA) are in conflict with accepted international standards of ethical rights.
A total of all, these principles violate the freedom of the media's opinions and freedoms in Tanzania.
Yet, the Tanzania government is obliged to respect and care for the rights of people to express themselves and to gather together with civic harlots, and rival politicians - according to the Tanzanian constitution with international treaties and those of ideological communities.
These rights are important for the sake of enabling the right to vote .
Tanzania is situated on the diagnosis of tribal rights .
Under recently beaten President Hassan asks whether the Revolution League will continue to silence and denounce moral rights in?
An editor's suggestion: The author of this article has asked his name not to be made known for its societies.
Previously taking it to Tanzania was hardly possible when President John Maguli entered the responsibilities of 2015.
His proclamation was here only, visible on a green and yellow,made hat in Tanzania, the Revolution, the Revolution - controlled Revolution.
Photo and Pernille Baerendtsen, have been used for permission.
Thousands of people are gathered at airports and street corners in Tanzania, areas where President John Pombe Maguli were transported from Dar esam to enable citizens to be honored for a week in the city of Dodoma, the headquarters of the Kombobar Peninsula and the home of the Canadians .
Maguli was announced to die at the age of 61, on March 17, in a speech of former President, Samiahu Hassan, launched on a national television station that completed several weeks of rumors concerning the state state state state's health and its location .
He is claimed to have died of heart disease:
Office of the Death of President of the Republic of Tanzania.
The sudden death of the Crowds, yet, it has left the holocaust ABOUTanzania, and others curious of politics and dominance in that East African country
On Friday, Hassan's sixth president of Tanzania, inscribed the history of being the first woman to be the President of Tanzania, the second President to be born on the islands of Zanzibar that are part of Tanzania, and the first Muslim woman to take up the highest service space in that country.
Under the constitution of Tanzania, Hassan will serve the rest of the five - year - old age of masculinity that had flowed to 2025.
In this short and widely distributed video Hassan disregards any doubts about her ability to control as a woman:
To all the skeptics that this woman will be able to be president of the Federal Republic of Tanzania I would like to tell you that this one standing here is president.
I would like to repeat that the one standing here is president of the Federal Republic of Tanzania, of feminine forms.
During the holocaust they are still mourning at Maguli and meditating on these unexpected changes , many seem to have great hopes and Hassan.
Politician Zitto Kabwe, leader of the ACT Wazalendo, has Hassani's hopes and history in the movement and work as a civilist .
The splendid history of PresidentÜSuluhuSamia in 20 minutes told by him Himself.
He says that he was desert.
He was a man of Civil Assyrians .
Thanks for making me see this.
It is not enough to listen .
When Hassan is best understood as a lover of compromise, calling for unity and tranquillity during this period of the passage of the Weathers is known as bulidoza, the nickname he found as the Prime Minister of Building to recognize the success of his roads being built .
Remembering the Bounds
Carngarying in remembrance of the daters John Maguli , the fifth president of Tanzania, who died on March 17, 2021.
Our father , Buriani , a god to eat a pema / We will constantly remember our hero
Reviews of many and Africans in general remember Malock on social networks for bad and good .
The miserable and good of the Designs cannot be contradicted with the same masculine value that the remembrance he leaves behind has its complexity but high culprit .
The Refugee camps and opposers of the Festival do not want to agree with the debate will continue for years .
The bathroom gained prominence in the early days of his presidentship by his promises to fight corruption vigorously .
His efforts to establish large projects that target for for strengthening the structures and industrial development developed the hopes of theocracy of many after decades of dependence on international aid
Last year , last year, mathalani, Maguli refused a $ 10 billion ($ $ 10 billion) loan from China for a major port project interested in carrying out Bagamoyo near the city of Dar es Salaam, saying, only a drunkard could agree with these conditions .
This sailing cardinal to President Magufuli's election last year.
Read: You Promised to Be Grateful to Us .
It is adorned by pictures of success on the streets, the purchase of aircraft, the construction of modern bridges and railways .
Photo and Pernille Baerendtsen, have been used for permission.
His stand against corruption also attracted Western, and the media originally wrote his position with a positive attitude .
For some, Mafuli is remembered as a son of Africa truly by an African advocate who put the African settlements first .
Some remember him as a popular president putting nationalism ahead of anything else:
I have been pursuing Tanzania the mourning of John Magufuli.
We opposed his dictatorial methods and criticized him for his habit of ignoring science, but are obvious, by watching people standing on the streets [ lecturing divorce; this family was famous.
However , the Ruler's rule was dictatorial and thus had a profound effect on human rights and freeness of expression .
For more than six,800 years Human Rights Watch, Amnesty International, Newspaper Protection Committee (CPJ), the Globalgent and others have been pursuing the deterioration of civil rights and human rights .
Tanzania plummeted six rooms on the level of Freedom of Expression that measured democracy and freedom between 2020 and 2021.
When Parliament was discussing the Mosaic Law on January 2019, the law that was ripped apart by scraping more political parties, it was translated as a particularly serious symptom when a owl appeared inside a parliamentary building .
Several times the Rulership of the Celestial Law and the Posta (EPOCA), or the Wildlife's Law , aroused an opponent and free.
Changes of 2020 values aimed at preventing citizens from spreading information that could cause a breakdown in peace or incitement and induct to the subject of explosive diseases or serious diseases without being confirmed by the government through its high officials .
Citizens were unable to talk about the earthquake that struck coastal areas last month , far from the explosions in that country that occurred some months later .
And during the two weeks of rumors about his particular Foundations and his health early in March, less than four persons were allegedly arrested for error in connection with the presidential disease .
Or he died to Corona?
The bathroom is said to have died of heart disease , which says chemistry has been receiving his treatment for 10.
But the sudden death of the Cricks left many in questioning whether he may have been infected with the Korona virus (UVIKO Ex19).
For many , most countries in particular , UNITED Cloud will be remembered for denying the existence of Corona's disease .
When the disease enters Tanzania, the government took precautions along with giving directions on how the flower fights the spread of this disease, but aftere, occasionally the Maguli has taken the people's prevention to continue their affairs like a major economies of the virus .
He often challenged international health regulations such as wearing continents, avoiding congestion and vaccines , urging citizens to rely on natural requests and treatments as a substitute .
After the columns prevented the announcement of Korona's infection statistics last year in April, he insisted that Korona had failed with the power of petitions .
A little aftere, he announced that Tanzania is free of Korona.
Although it is impossible to say how much Korona affected Tanzania, we know it is that Korona did not leave .
When Corona's new explosion appeared in January, of archaeological surveys , many commented on their testimonials on social networks , recounting the symptoms of Corona.
Realizing that they could be arrested for error in discussing Korona, the debate went on the name of new pneumonia and respiratory challenges .
But Mafuli went with his refusal to counteract the vaccine in the talk he gave in his home of Chato, on January 27:
If a white man could come with a vaccine , then he would discover the AIDS vaccine; he would detect the source of tuberculosis; and right now he would know the malaria vaccine; he would get a cancer vaccine .
This conclusion may be taken as rearing the foreword to the predecessor, President Jakayate, who has served as earth's ambassador for protection at the beginning of 2016.
Last month, Mafuli eventually admitted that his country had a problem with the korona, urging the Tahitian to wear the landscapes they made .
Curious people say this step of the Crown to change the attitude of the korona was sponsored by the death of Zanzibar Seif Sharif Hamad.
Several high - ranking officials from the layer of prominent politicians near the Clocks have been exposed to the disease.
When crowds of people continue to gather to render their final honors to the president, on the other hand his death has brought some reproof .
Shortly after the death of Maguli, author Elsie Eyakuze appeared on social networks to speak open about life during the period of Korona's explosion in Tanzania, there the president showed that he deliberately ignored Corona.
In a long strand on cyclone, he said:
Now.
For the real story I have been at a los to tell for too long.
#uzi.
In March 2020, Korona's explosion began to hold fast all over the earth .
Tanzania was not left.
But in April 2020 we broke away from any combined effort to control the spread of this disease in the country .
At his last cyclone , he said:
This approached Corona?
Iso, of course.
This and the one.
And they.
WarowTanzania.
And elsewhere.
But are not those you want to talk about ?
They are not the Story itself.
It is part of the account.
A friend is looking for you.
?
Can we do this to bow down to us ?
Please do so.
I'll do it .
Tomorrow.
In a frank letter to the Falls, Eyakuze describes a change in the heights of the Falls, but uses a method of understanding the feelings of another, a strategy that appears to surmount the locks of his own and forgive.
Reviews agree with the complexity and weight of the death of the Festival and the memory he leaves behind at that time their eyes closed to front.
Who has the power to decide what looks visible and what does not appear on the Internet ?
This is the important question posed by reformer Jillian C. York in his book the future Silicon Values, conquest on March 23, 2021.
On Wednesday, February 10 o'clock 2:00 , GMT, Jillian joins the active director Ivan Sigal with a video lecture about his book, , as he describes on the diplomat, we are seeking to excavate the history of larger Silicon Valley's communications communications Valley systems so we can deporate .
Jillian, director of International Information Information in the Electronic Frontier Foundation Foundation Foundation, and a popular member of the Global Basin, where he struggles to write about devil liberty and freeness of expressing himself in the Middle East syntax
This period is in vain and open to the public and will fly directly on the Live, YouTube, and Twitch.
We are eager to see you join us on Monday, February 10 00 p.m . GMT !
* Buying this book by means of this organ will help to contribute to the Global website.
A youth watching his palm - phone call in Tanzania, December 9, 2018.
Photo and Riaz Jahanpour, to the USAID / Advancestral Development Programs via the Flickr, CC BY 2.0.0.0
The first Corona virus was reported in Tanzania in the mid - month of March, 2020.
However ,, after statistics continued to climb to 509 patients and 21 deaths at the end of the month of April, the Tanzania government declared that no one UVIKO,70019 patient in June.
That month, Kassim Matiff - Prime Minister of the country, told parliament that there were only 66 patients throughout the country but not more definition.
Since then , the government has been silent in connection with the Corona virus while the political explosion denied its presence of the virus continuing to be expelled without the patient's statistics and deaths.
Today , many operations continue as common as a tourist sect in Tanzania, that attracts thousands of visitors to the country through inexorable airports .
Airport Zanzibar found the minimum of two stars on the health and safety tathin held by Skytrax's Critical Security in the UVIKOā19, the only measure of confidence taken by airports to establish precaution during the explosion of
According to the Skytrax, two new patients infected with South Africa's new virus proved to travel into Denmaki in 19, of Tanzania.
An eagerly awaited musical spectacle that once a year is held in the middle of February on the islands of the European Union in Tanzania and some of the European diplomats of Tanzania that exist in Tanzania, this time when the country is faced with the high risk of this new Koonas virus , which spreads in South Africa and
On January 24, the Roman Catholic State of Arusha voted warnings to its adherents against the existence of UVIKO Ephesus19 in Tanzania and challenged its adherents to follow all important health precautions to protect themselves and the spread of the virus in the churches .
Although the memory suggests that Tanzania has fewer patients compared with other, the government's silence regarding UVIKOā19 statistics has brought worries among health specialists and Reformers of human rights who have been prevented from speaking and wandering UVIKO Alcohol in networks .
The country made a revision of the 2018 edition of the Eletian Communication and the Posta (Look of the Nectar on July, preventing indexed statements related to the explosion of a serious disease or that kills anywhere in the country or without the permission of power .
Although the original stages of controlling viral infections were taken, so far , schools, colleges, offices and other social activities have returned in normal conditions.
However , the virus continues to spread throughout the country .
President John Magufuli has expressed concern and the quality of laboratory equipment and the faithfulness of his aristocracy after secret attempts to be made by using popes and goats to bring answers that they had viral infections .
The president said that giving these statistics was bringing unnecessary rhetoric and shortly aftere, he expelled his work at Nyambura Moremi, director of the nation's health laboratory for claims to dissolve the results of measurements .
The UVIKO calculatoralal Treatment , formed by the minister , ended in dissolving .
June, Maguli thanked God for removing the virus from Tanzania, following three days of national petitions.
He made the public declaration at Sunday, in the center of the faithful who were praising, claiming to have answered their petitions.
The bathroom praised the parishioners for not wearing the continent, as well as the call for the World Health Organization to invoke the region to prevent the spread of the virus .
Falls, nicknamed bulldozer following his strong stand against corruption, was chosen for the second time in October 2020 in a highly shattered election by clashing opposers.
Before the election, the Thanzania were astounded by the extinguishment of the networks with all the major social networks combined with Instagram, WhatsApp and U.S .
To this day , many Watanzania are unable to get into the cyclone without using the secret network VPN.
For more than five,800 years the rule of the Design has severely restricted the freedom of democracy and the civic affairs and perverted freedom to express themselves and the right to obtain a notice in democratic statistics.
Pursuing the federal position to deny the existence of the UVIKO Hav19, Watanzania are not allowed to give any statistics of the UVIKO reservoirs that the government has not guaranteed, this facility or that ordinary citizens with journalists and health professionals are being prevented from expressing opinions of UVIKO1 on important levels or obtaining important statements .
The right to obtain UVIKOā19 statements has turned out to be a class of some, according to a national hospital doctor who spoke to the Global Policy on unfamiliar terms fearing expulsion .
Contrary to other countries with special teams that work on UVIKOā19, Tanzania's statements contains a few pamphlets that dated the UVIKO,70019.
The pronunciation of the UVIKOʼ19 appears to be acceptable to many Thanzania, with astronomers who disregard important measures to take such lectures as wearing continents and avoiding congestion .
The Globe visited a number of hospitals including Muhimbili, a government administrative hospital in Dar es Salaam, the administrative capital in that country and the Benjamin Mkapa Hospital in Dodoma, political capital and witnessed a few precautions taken to cope with the spread of contamination .
People are allowed to enter hospital territories without wearing a few sanitary facilities and washing their hands and existing waterless or fractured, , for example, at the ward of pregnant women Muhimbili.
When the rule of the Horses has not taken note of the effects of the virus for the daily life of many of its citizens , ministers , and departments agree that the UVIKO 4819 is present .
The Minister of the Tanzania calls on the staff of his Ministry to take all precautions against the korona, then saying Tanzania is not bothered by the UVIKO,70019.
Photo of the magazine of the Sonchi.
For example , during the second observatory last year, government authorities took many precautions against the UVIKOā19, forcing all in attendance to measure body temperature and to wash their hands at the water - and - free areas .
On January 25, Prince of Tanzania, Dk. Philip Planus wanted his parishioners to take precautions against UVIKOā19 and at that time refute the presence of the disease in Tanzania, during his conference in Dodoma, at political headquarters.
Many interior experts are afraid to speak, in fear of being taken action .
The Globe spoke to a health agency who believed that Tanzania could be confronted with a second wave of explosion but thought citizens were hidden these statements .
Thelamist did not want to be named, in fear of being taken action .
Another health agency told the Global Park with a solemn proposal that people must understand the behavior of UVIKOʼ19 so that they can take precautions and prevent the spread of the virus to their communities.
He said that letting people in the darkness makes their work difficult but believed that the Tanzanians would try to protect themselves by taking all precautions as the World Health Organization advises .
He told the Global Park:
Politicians have captured this whole issue of UVIKO Grant19 and are playing a dangerous game, but death will begin to expel health workers .
Another doctor who spoke to the Global Agency for not mentioning his name said that although there is hope of getting protection, the accents of the Tanzania government to refute the presence of the disease will cause his discovery, because the government has not taken any action to search for the earth's markets and instead for herbal remedies .
In December 2020, Health Minister Gerald Chamii expressed his doubts in the world's polluted vaccines to the East African journal .
It does not take even six months to get a vaccine or a cure for a certain illness .
We have stumbled ourselves since the explosion began, I am not sure whether it is prudent to insert the immune defense and distribute it to citizens without experimenting with a physician to prove his safety to our people.
Finding a statement is an important issue for democracy and development.
Consumption laws in Tanzania have been misused targeting silence by antisocialists of Tanzania to deal with the UVIKOā19.
Freeness of expressing ourselves, with the right to receive, and distribute information, has been protected by international laws.
In Tanzania, the right to be crippled and to report, it is recognized by Ibara 18ו1) and 18ו2) of the Constitution of the Republic of Tanzania.
Yet, these rights seem to be more theories than reality.
In the state's denial of UVIKOā19 and the absence of laws that prevent speculation and opinions regarding this Web site and the streets of Watanzania are left without key statements and many are afraid to talk.
These articles are part of a series of articles that study the intervention of ethical rights during interlocking stages to regulate the spread of UVIKO 4819 in nine African countries: Uganda, Zimbabwe, Mozambique, Algeria, Nigeria,mibia, Tunisia, Tunisia and Ethiopia.
This goal is sponsored by the Bank of Video Rights in Africa runs by the Cooperation of International Serases on East Africa and the Vision of the African Land (CIPESA).
Pictures showing the graduation of police studies in Mozambique | a photo of the scrine of August 19, STV Youtube, was hit by the owner
Mozambican police chaplanes evaporated in the press early in August showed that 15 students had become pregnant at a police school in Matalane, the state district of Maputo.
The proposed pregnancy is the result of the sexual intercourse between students and teachers without describing whether these relationships were voluntary .
It has been explained , however , that expectant students will not be able to complete the course at present, and will travel back to their homes if they receive transportation by the police .
Finally the statement said that the instructors involved would be stopped.
When asked by the newspaper O País on August 8, the General Police Commissioner Bernardino Rafael said that all participants will meet with disciplined procedures .
It did not take long before this advice was condemned on social networks.
Several media users explicitly expressed a lack of pleasure in the school's decisions and therefore wanted justice to be done to the women .
Patient Fátima Mimbire wrote in Joel:
Matalane's issue should be taken seriously.
I have been deeply disillusioned by this question of pregnancy of 15 students at the Matalane.
This big thing.
It is important because as the spoils denounced the characters are instructors.
Now a person with authority over another becomes pregnant and the consequences are a bit fertile ?
This reminds me of a teacher who demanded a sex bribe for her students to give them grades or to keep them away from the class because her attitude is stupid, and instead of being accused of being deported to teach them elsewhere.
And there he keeps his warnings.
Txeka, a female justice reformer also cursed this point in pamphlet:
Matalane's Counsel
Building a socially equalized society in protecting equal rights to citizens requires equal education along with policy of developments that care for citizens " developments as well as scientific knowledge and morals as well as patriotic education .
Matalane's Counsel
Blaming the atrocities against women is not uncommon for families with a rhetorical system that is perceived by extorting women and by complying with men's requirements for condemnation of victims and reducing the guilt of persecutors .
Professor of university Carlos Serra said:
Matalane?
It is a tiny piece of ice peeping and Matalane is our home .
I think of the day when they will begin to explain their accountability, starting from their infancy .
The fortune - teller and reformer Selma Inocência said:
Very few teachers have been brought to court, convicted and convicted.
They are involved in losing their childhood thousands of girls.
School is not a safe place .
Statistics show that hundreds of girls become pregnant in school and other characters as teachers and school administrators.
A petition has been passed requiring punishment for the police officers involved .
Currently more than 3,8000 people have shaved.
For government this issue is fundamental and is undergoing a thorough examination on the administrative ladder and chief of the Mozambican police force.
Judgment cannot and will not tolerate such issues .
The law must take its course and it is for everyone.
No one is above law .
Investigation continues by reviewing in detail all statements in this case and considering the psychological and emotional state of these pregnant women by reason they deserve to be respected their personality.
Other Cases
This is a continuation of cruel cases encountered by Mozambican women where they are not reported in the media.
One of the recent cases that held headlines was that of Alberto Niquice, Kaimu of the Liberation Front of Mozambique (Frelimo), who is confronted with criminal counsel for the crime of rape a 13 - year - old in 2018.18.
Earlier this year, the 30 civilian Institutes in Mozambique wanted Niquice to be spared after being selected again in 2019.
However , the deputy took the office and works as usual in parliament.
Another case in the media is the atrocities committed against Josina Machel, the daughter of the first president of Mozambique, Samora Machel.
In October 2015 , Josina was beaten by her three - year - old boy Rofini Licuco left with eye blindness .
Licuco was sentenced to 3 and 4 months in prison and to pay the compensation of 300 million methane (and $ 4.2 million) for Josina.
However , Rofino appealed and June of this year the Supreme Court of Appeal canceled the case far from claims to be out of existence and enough evidence in this case.
Tuesday This Giving - Giving Corporation of the Global whys httpsוglobalvoices.orgŻdonateוו
The 2020th year has been unique and yet unfinished .
In the center of all, of us of the Global , we have continued to publish information from all four corners of the earth, to bring to our readers the unique , earth - looking attitudes on such issues as the UVIKO,70019, the ecumenical movements in such countries as Belarus and Thailand, more and more .
Popularity is working for over 16 years to build bridges between different countries and languages and to justify the freedom of the media, access to the Internet and the right of each and the right to express themselves .
Please Change the Global Cloud This Tuesday of Giving
Our work and the community of our international writers is a testimony that human relations without the ingredients of different differences can change the way people understand the world .
Please help us today to carry on this vital work .
▵ Changia Global Global Index >
December 2004.
You had to be a university student on the Web site of Albanian had not yet begun to serve, the bullys were still living in bridges of convincing stories .
Our phones were still bleak at the time meant water and would call a mechanic to repair, and still the Amazon.com were unable to sell some goods
There were dozens of Web sites , and We started to operate online .
That is where the Global Park was born.
We have been there for 15 years !
At the age of dogs, it is 110.
For years it is 1000.
Today we yearn to use this opportunity to thank our scribes , who spread around the earth and our faithful readers and associates by giving the Global Strength and the
Since 2004, we have helped to record a great deal of information on earth.
We have published nearly 100,000, and made aimed specialized articles to enable subdivised communities to use demographic media and to fight online rights together with the construction of a team of translators who translate over 51.
Without you, would not be present on the Global Park.
Help us to complete another 15.
We mean that we really need your help .
Personal donations help us to safeguard our freedom and enable us to make difficult decisions to grow and to change .
Please support it today !
Look at !
Travelers crossing the border between Ghana and Togo, West Africa on January 25, 2016.
Photo by Enock4seth through the Mummedia Commons, CC BYāSA 4.0.0
African leaders have taken a hasty decision to cope with the UVIKO Hav19.
Africa's Center for Disease Control (ACDC) devised the UVIKO,70019 work on February 5 , before the continent has witnessed a single patient .
Today this, Africa that is currently the world's smallest affected area with 1,293,048 Patients with 1,048 confirmed UVIKO Dictionary19 and the most impressive are 1,031,905 patients report recovering, according to Africa CDCP.
This land has less than 5 percent of patients reported worldwide and less than 1 percent of all deaths worldwide .
Now, like African countries led by the United African United Africa drop down the obstacles of COVIDLI19 and reestablish their economies and limits - many governments use creativity.
Unison, of African technology that can track the scale and convene the COVIDā19 centers throughout the continent have sent to the use of the PanaBIOS, the biological technology supported by the African United States
PanaBIOS has given a program that pierces piles and adhesives and uses almonds to follow people at risk and to keep a record of samples measurements from nature to laboratory..
This technology is designed by Koldchain, the Kenya, sprout and authorized by AfroChampions, private and civil cooperation designed to bring together the African resource and the institute to help the nursing and achievement of personal sectors in Africa.
Ghana is the only country in this hour that uses the PanaBIOS technology when it opens its borders.
PanaBIOS to ensure travelers can use diagnostic results from other countries to satisfy the demands of harbor consent for their country by means of the PanaBios program or by adding to the elbows that are adopted by the travel documents.
Industrial health officials are using radio programs to use a trading edition to regulate health documents equally to all countries .
Complete laws to protect data and solitude
The African and African coalition CDCP urge members of the member nations to share a mound based on a cluster of, PanaBIOS that will enable the whole continent to be set together.
But the optimistic intervention has raised many questions regarding the admiration and privacy of data.
Government - oriented pursuits can exult fears and free citizenship in the mainland where only 27 of the 54 countries have the perfect law of protection and privacy of data.
Other countries in Africa, like Ghana have changed the law to give the president emergency authority to cope with disaster by ordering a telecommunications company to give private clients such as an executive's $, a client's telegraph sanctuary and has not served,lapses , and addresses .
Assure of the protection and evaluation of data, of all the learning techniques used by the PanaBIOS are located in the general data.
The data collected is edited for the criticism of statistics is not the personal data to aim if it does not grow for the pursuit of arriving, where it will be settled to the suspects or be affected.
Ensuring the prevention of intrusive intervention, the African Union of PanBIOS, and its associates must recommend how they want to take note of the protective laws of different countries to protect privacy, to ensure the consent of the data and to avoid trading data
Presently, this pragramu Return does not have a private policy available to the public, where it describes users the rules for collecting and participating in data.
The challenge is how the policy in solitude will fulfill various objectives, national, and plaque law commandments such as the Union of Africa the Constitution on Defense and Defense of South Africa's Development (SADC) administration on the Western Community and Protection of the Western Community .
Technological shrines have contributed to success in coping with COVID Hav19 in Africa
Along with the PanaBIOS, some A arrived nations have complemented a response based on technology to combat the spread of the COVIDLI19.
For example ,, scientists from Seca have still developed a COVID Hav19 tool that costs $1 and 3D Aids
Wellvis, an institute for Nigeria, invented the COVIDā19 , a free Web site to help usasurers measure the risk of contamination rates according to the symptoms and history of endangered...
The South African government used the text message Whatsapp to provide intermediate dialogues to answer common questions regarding false stories, COVID archaeology and medicine
And Uganda, women of the marketplace spent a program on the Zoo Garden to sell their products at home to use the program, then a motorcycle taxi to take the consumer.
Africa's success in controlling and overseeing the spread of COVIDLI19 has been linked to the public of the youngest, the ability to measure and pursue the cyclicals, and the possibility of the presence of the SARS,700CoV abnormalities among other Africans .
But unfortunately , technological discoveries have played a major role in the success of COVIDLI19, along with the judge at the beginning of the disaster
Solomon Zewdu, deputy of Bill and Melinda shortened how, in January, when many western nations were hesitant , Ethiopia began scorching the AddisAba.
Rwanda became the first African country not to threaten common makhulis on March 21,na some countries in Africa recently pursued the hivo: south Africa carried out conventional cyclone as it grew up with 400 cases and two.
(The number of the public, Italy grew to over 9,000 cases and 400 deaths took action.)
Comparing the opposite of the victims " death in America is six times the number of Africa.
Public health experts calculated that a disaster would have a major impact on the African continent and its dead bodies on the streets .
Bayana, Africa has proved otherwise .
This information has used the study of the Factcheck Lab, the critics of truth found in Hong Kong,ambaye is also a member of the Global's media where the author is a member of the community .
From September 22, a press report and social publications on Chinese networks quoted otherwise as the chief scientist of the World Health Organization (SAD), Dkt. Soumya Swaminathan, said Chinese vaccines against COVID 459 have been confirmed by the effect .
Reports and publications quote from the source of a minute video produced by Chinese television by a holocaust program to participate in the video China Miaopai.
The video shows the talk of executive director of the SAD Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus talking about the importance of developing the UVIKO vaccine , followed by the pronunciation of Dkt.Swaminathan.
In the CCTV, its shortscriptions read WHO's leading scientist: China's UVIKOʼ19 vaccines are guaranteed to have an effect (), this is Swaminathan's statement:
As you know,pias have a perfect vaccine - growing program and some vaccines are stepping forward in clinical experiments, this is also a resource for us, we are pursuing it in close quarters .
Some associates have proved to benefit from experiments with the ongoing clinic .
But, the nature of Dkt.Swaminathan is edited.
His last,900 script surely began with a word if , with a sculpture , made it appear as if he said it confirmed rather than confirm.
The pronunciation of Dkt.Swaminathan is the following:
We have been involved in the debate with China for many months ago because the,mnajua, also those who have a perfect program of developing vaccines and vaccines are in front of tests of the clinic, this is accent for us, these we are pursuing nearly.
We have had a controversial and open debate with them and have always insisted on their promising volunteers around the earth if some of their vaccines have passed experiments with the ongoing clinics [ symphony ] enlarged .
So I think about the yet unmistakable discussions and are sending me to many countries to find out .
The pronunciation was issued at the SAD conference on September 21.
A complete copy of this one - and - a - half - hour event can be found herehere.
The conference intended to convey a symposium on a plan costing $ 18 billion on WHO's table and other agencies to send the vaccine UVIKO,70019 before all over the earth.
By now 156 nations have registered themselves in this arrangement; not China or America are among them.
As estimated, the CCTVT,pamoja and the news report and,,, publications have attracted patriotic pockets.
The publication at Weibo and Daily Economic News has been popular with more than 337,000.
Below here are some popular opinions:
I am very proud of my country.
This is the gift of the National Day and the Midst of Vuli.
You cannot suppose a Chinese speculation .
Navunia my country.
China has saved the earth.
After inspectors certainly sign the words of Dkt. have been distorted, baadh of the media with CGTN and CCTV, they canceled their social literature.
Among them is China, China, Chinese Youth Ligi , whose revision was confiscated by the user of twita @Emi20JP before getting lost from Weibo:
Tedros is ideal for vaccination first.
Like @Emi2020JP, many of the girafter seductists believed WHO not to take China with distorting the video, and publish a negative view of Tedros to him:
Tedros is a toilet !
I will give Tedros an extra needle !
Jana my mother told me, a local checklist that America would buy a lot of vaccine from China.
I don't have to explain . I don't have to live in their fantasy .
What a fine work from the spread of the virus until the sales of the vaccine !
Although literature in the naked field has been unearthed in imitation,nakalas is still spreading on social networks such as the public post WeChat.
Beijing - based media in Hong Kong, like Speak Out HK (and Today Review (), have also published information from hio video.
There are about 200 vaccines of the UVIKOÁ19 that exist in far distances of clinical experiments in the world, and most of them have been provided by Chinese libraries.
Nothing has passed 3 test tests for now.
Advancing against the death of physician Silvio Dala in Luanda.
Photo by Simão Hossi, CC archoBY 3.0
Hundreds of Angola settled on September 12 in Luanda, Benguela and 15 other towns against police brutality .
The processions began after shocking news of the death of 35,800 - year - old physician Silvio Dala , who lost life on September 1 under police supervision .
According to authoritarian statements, Dala left with his car from the Children's hospital at David Bernardino in Luanda, where it works as clinic director and was stopped by the police because he did not wear land .
The doctor was taken to the Catotes police station in the neighboring town of Rocha Pinto, and showed signs of desperation and started fainting and hitting the head and causing a small bruisance in his head made a official statement of police.
It also said that Dala died when police officers took him to the hospital.
The doctors " party opposed the statement.
The president of the party Adriano Manuel, told the American VOA (VOA) that there is a complexity in adage of power where it seems that the doctor was solved.
Manuel told the German Voice (DW) that the source of death described by the police is not real.
Anyone who is a doctor and has studied medicine will know that this was not what killed Silvio.
According to DW, a source of information from intermediate therapies , the study took place in front of the family and the prosecutor and proved that the doctor was not a bead .
The office has said that it would take legal action against the police force .
At that time the Angolan government has formed a commission associated with the Health Ministry to investigate the event .
The Andanaji do not believe the police statement about the death of Dala.
The placards used by the protesters in various parts of Luanda said: No more Killers, you are paid to protect us, I am Silvio Dala and Silvio Dala Daua Silvio Dala..
There were also those who wanted the minister of Interior Eugénio Laborinho to resign.
A procession is provided by the Association of Doctors collaborating with civil institutions and Institutes .
Advancing against the death of physician Silvio Dala in Luanda.
Photo by Simão Hossi, CC archoBY 3.0
Defense against the death of physician Silvio Dala hiko Luanda.
Photo by Simão Hossi, CC archoBY 3.0
Since the onset of the stork in Angola, has reportedly taken advantage of a number of police force during the inspection and at other times causes civilian deaths .
Speaking to Lusa, a musician who yelled Brigadeiro 10 Pacotes, whose real name is Bruno Santos, wanted Lugarinho to resign and also wants the police school to improve its texture .
The police force is an institute that should give citizens the courage, but today the citizens lose the courage that they fear when they meet the police, he concluded.
Advancing against the death of physician Silvio Dala in Luanda.
Photo by Simão Hossi, CC archoBY 3.0
Many moved these demonstrations on the pages of Joel and WhatsApp to counteract the event
Reformer Nuno Álvaro Dala wrote in 15:
NUMBER SPIRITURE AND DRUGS AND SILVIO DALALA
Photos are very powerful and are simultaneous .
All of us must demand justice .
Police of this country must pay for their crimes .
Things cannot remain this way .
Incredited, Isabel dos Santos, chairman of the old bods of Sonangol, daughter of old president José Eduardo dos Santos, said:
#EuSouSilvioDala sábado anunciada manifestação pacífica e silenciosa pelo Sindicato Nacional dos Médicos de Angola (SINMEA),convidando to profissimbais de sarrarrarrarrarrarrarrarrarrarra - edododododododododo
Isabel Dos Santos Yobelaangola) September 11, 2020
#MimiNiSilvioDala.
On Saturday the Angolan Doctors Association (SINMEA) announced a silent and peaceful strike , requiring health - care workers and civil institutes to oppose police brutality if it is a sign to remember the doctor Silvio Dala, at 6:30 a.m . in Largo da Muta
Media headline: The motorists enter the streets in opposition to police brutality and want the killing to be eliminated .
About this time, also in Tweeter Alejandro interviewed the conservationists in Angola in this event:
Quando o George Floyd foi morto os chamados Influencers Angolanos mostraram o seu apoio aovimento Black Lives Matter, masm com a morte do do do gacodilano Sílvio Dalas irms efrsence emão fam .
AlejandroÃAlejandroCutieG) September 7, 2020
When George Floyd was killed by the so - called cycloneists on networks who fattened to support the Wildness of Black Life Is Tlessless, but in the death of the archaeologist Silvio Dala, the brothers do nothing about this adversity !
Hachalu Hundessa interviewed with OMN through the Firaabeek Entertainment / CC BY 3.0.0.
An editorial: This is a two - part criticism of the Hachalu Hundessa, the famous Oromo musician whose murder aroused the confusion of religious and ethnic beliefs because of incorrect statements made on social networks.
Read the second part here
The Ethopian musician Hachalu Hundessa gained prominence by using his creativity and talent to identify the public about the people of Oromo.
He was killed in the suburbs of Ethiopia, Addis Aba, on June 29.
That night during the three and a half hours when Hachalu descended into his car, a man named Tilahun Yami walked toward his car and shot him in his chest .
He was rushed to a nearby hospital where it was officially certified .
It was later discovered that bullets severely damaged its internal organs .
The police chief of Addis Ababa reported that two people had been arrested.
Within days government authorities sentenced the murderers and their two associates.
In his execution, the country has entered a difficult time to calm the riots that followed .
The fact is , the Hachalus " killings are not well kept and the results of the rumor began to spread after politicians and Reformers put great controversy over the conflict between the leaders of Oromo and the Amaharahara , the largest tribes in Ethiopia.
On the day of his funeral, mourners flooded the streets of Addis Ababa and other towns around the state of Oromo.
The morning following the Oromia Media Network (OMNN), where Hachalu's final interrogation hurled ads through clubs as well as spectacular networks when his coffin was transported from Addis Ababa to their home in A.mbo
These slow - moving ads turned into a battleground between governmental authorities and the opposing leaders with the antiquity of where he was actually buried in Hachalu and OMN had to post his ads; they were said to have been forced to return to Addis Aba.
Ten people were killed and several others injured in Addis Aba.
The collision led to the arrest of some of the opposing leaders in the presence of OMN leader Jawar Mohammed and the opposing leader Bekele Gerba where they were charged for stirring up confusion.
The complexity emerged further after the government authorities reconstructed the body of Hachalu and took it to their hometown of Ambo by means of helkopta, where both sides continued to quarrel and deprive the family of the tents of giving their brother a decent burial
After that the chaos and fighting followed.
The fighting took three days to rip apart some of the towns of Oromo and Addis Ababa and the real devastation: 239 deaths and hundreds more than 7,000 people have been arrested for causing disturbance and destruction of the precious possessions of millions of Etruscan currency.
There on June 30, the government attempted cyberspace to curb the spread of motivation in social networks and the survival of three.
Several people were shot by security authorities but some sources of information in America's Saute and Addis Standard reported that angry groups from the Oromo tribe attacked people of various congregations , including towns and streets alike of different beliefs in the South East of Oromo,nga families , particularly from the non - Semitics .
Additional disturbances were in a mixture of the Amaharaoromo and religion may have played considerable space because of the perception that: Eastern Orientalists are identified by the mixture of Islamic religion and the users of AfanOromo.
One local farmer said that we thought Hachalu was Muoromo after watching straight - launched announcements reflecting the burial activities of Hachalu that followed the rituals of the Orthodox Church of Tewahedo Ethiopia.
According to reports , many of these disturbances were Christians of the absenceAmhara, atheistic Christians and Gurage.
One evidence said that the congregations destroyed and burned property and committed homicide by slashing their heads and legs
Forecasting of Interviews
When a statement on the Hachalus " killings was heard only, the source of the Oromom for the deaspora included his death and final interrogation made Hall Hall and the OMN rifle under Guyo Wariyo, and was launched a week before the Temple was killed .
Gaius " interrogation repeated Hachalu's persuasive questions about his support of the governor as well as occasionally interrupted while answering.
Hachalus refused to compromise but also criticized conflicts and separation in the political parties of Oromo, reflecting the freedom of ideas like a musician that made him a target of public attacks until the day he was killed .
Yet, Guyo asked Hachalu about the historic exploitation of the people of Oromo and the king Menelik II who built up modern - day Ethiopia.
Hachalu surprised many listeners when he said that a horse sown by Menelik in the statue at Addis Ababa was the property of a revival farmer named Sida Debelle, and Menelik stole the horse .
Those answers impressed not only the erroneous but also the critics of the different peoples in Bangladesh.
When Hachalu was killed a week later , many of the Oromo people living outside the country felt that Hachalu's action to revoke a statue of Menelik II irritated supporters of royal Ethiopia and caused his death.
In social networks citizens struggled with what Hachalu said against Menelik, and this caused the spread of rumors with countless false statements.
Another part of the interview has carried statements involving separation and conflict within the Oromo class
In all interviews Guyo thoroughly dug Hachalu about the political changes that continue in the country and about the disturbance of opposing the government by asking a question about Prime Minister Abiy Ahmed, Muoromo and that if the government has been able to meet the demands of Oromo people since he entered responsibilities in 20.18
Hachalu reiterated that he did not get involved in Oromo's explicit politics but criticized all who judge Abiy.
He guarded his position against the chief opposing leaders who joined the Tigray People's Liberation Front (TPLF), which had ever been close to the main party of Ethiopian People's Revolution Front (the EPRDF).
TPLF turned into an opposing party after Abiy demolished EPRDF.
Hachalu also spoke of political upheavals in the province of Oromo denouncing all sides of governmental authorities and militiamen of the Oromo Liberation Front (OLF) group , where it was also (famed as OLFLISLIne).
Pursuing the Hachalu, the government was able to pick up a 71 - minute interrogation belt and launch it to the public .
The belt comprises the message of death threats used in Hachalu from the West of Oromo, where OLF,700Shane's militarists are busy.
Hachalu said he believed that he would not be attacked on networks if he boasted OLF HavShane.
He spoke directly of his conflict with Getachew Assefa, Ethiopia's High Security in the TPLF as responsibilities.
Guyo, who announced the interview on his page of Joel by calling it you must see them a few days before his flight, he has been arrested by the police since then and the government makes a 71 - minute surveillance of the interview to find examples that will help to locate Hachalu's source of homicides
Read more about the damage caused by the Hachalute Hundessa in the part of II.
Photo from the Guardian YouTube video on women's reprimand .
COVIDʼ19 has largely affected women's rights in the Middle East and North Africa; from the monstering of the halls to the loss of their own votes.
But there is one spectacular area in which women have been affected that rebukes, and this is after the explosion of Korona's disaster and hectare to cope with it.
The moon April, the United Nations announced that from the restrictions caused by the efforts to combat the stork's massacre there are 2 million repetitious incidents that are speculated in the emergence of a future liar that would put one another in the way of prevention of the storks from breaking up plans and attempts to stagger and res .
The registry comprises partial cutting operations or eliminates the exterior of the vagina or hurts the vaginal parts without any connection or theory of physicianing, according to the World Health Organization (WHO).
This action is a traditional and religious culture that grows rooted throughout Africa and the Middle East and Asia , and it is made by jadi, jaditors using knives or bottled pieces
Checking is also known as the refusal of secret parts is generally believed to be one of the cruelty that curtailed against girls and women, and is still being reported mostly in the Middle East .
It is estimated that at least 200 million women have been affected by them .
This has been well illustrated by UNICEF in the video:
In the Middle East and North Africa's rebuke is a problem that primarily troubles the countries of Egypt, Sudan, Yemen, Iraq and Djibouti.
Carlos Javier Aguilar, Advice Adviser for Child Protection Is explaining more than,
Somalia is thought to have a large number of repetitive victims where 98 percent of women between 15 and 49 years of age have been dragged.
In Djibouti, an estimated 93 percent have been affected in Egypt 92, Sudan 88, Mauritania 69, Yemen and Iraq , 7 percent according to statistics released in June by the United Nations Population Agency (UNFPA).
This act varies according to social classes, tribe and even the level of education in every country and in urban areas or villages.
Checking often results from poorer people or in uneducated families in rural areas.
In Yemen, recollection is rooted in the rhythm of the Coast but smaller in the North.
In Iraq, this action is widely circulated in the North of the state of Kurdi.
In Egypt it becomes more popular with girls living in the Egyptian High Plain
In Mauritania, over 90 percent of women from poorer families have been rebuked compared with 37 percent of women from high - income families
COUNTRY OF ORIGIN: Smaller Cruelty
The size and width of reprimand will have been despised because of the world's absenteeeism completed, according to a joint report starting in March, has been authorized by U.S.A .
This statement demonstrated that this culture is growing and is also taking place even in the Middle East and Asia, and the earth has certainly deviated from reprimanding.
Small , newly formed lamps also appear as rebukes in Iran, along with all such Bay countries as the Arabic - Fulfilled Omani and Saudi Arabia.
Divya Srinivasan from Usawa now told Reuters that he was amazed at the results of such subtle research from such areas as Omani and Saudi Arabia where it is not usually areas that can come to your mind when you imagine the question of Czechism
This statement was published when COVID Hav19 was fast - moving in the Middle East and was not published or translated at all by the Arabic media and social media .
Community misunderstandings about reprimand can confirm the notion of reprimand .
Social Eggs
In the Middle East , there are surrounding the bodies of women where it is a ban on publicly discussing confidential matters such as chemistry , where it is linked to traditional beliefs and culture .
For example ,, in Egypt Christians and Muslims combined believe that girls " rebuke makes them more appealing to their husbands to be expected and is protecting them from bad; the culprit also fears that their daughters will not be unmarried if they are not received, according to a report by the Central,900 Rechetaneury campaign that was served in 2013 not only to recoccoccupate the world but also in
This institute continues to collect further reproof statements and has developed a method of collecting a statement that will help individuals or groups to make small research on chemistry.
People prefer to avoid discussions and repetitious topics may simply result in an event that will touch the headlines such as the death of a 12 - year - old daughter dies after being dragged in South Egypt in February, when people speak.
Ghida Hussein, a Egyptian student told the Global Park:
Since we do not talk about this, it is as if this problem is not entirely present .
A rebuke is silently held behind the locked doors .
It is not the only people educated in towns where reformers and politicians stay .
Recovery is a complex and perhaps an international community to help with money and emigration, lah will not see a society ruled by a class of men paying this presumptuously.
Breaking the spikes and talking about remorse leads to human rights attacks in abusive and hateful languages.
In Oman, reformer to female rights al Hinai, founder of the Institute for Human Rights Omani did small research in 2017 in Omani and found that 78 percent of women have been dragged.
After publishing the results of his online research , Habiba received attacks and threats:
I put the results of online flirting and reactions to the fore .
I have been attacked by religious discriminationists who said that reprimand is part of the worship of the Islam.
In Omani, where recollection is not officially recognized , there is no protection for victims.
Habiba added this to her statement:
How you might tell a manusura to talk about recollection and then to face all the damage if it is not ripped apart - even a family or a generated clan - it may completely ostracize a husband who can divorce him if there is no formal form of support .
I don't expect these women to stand up and speak up and face society.
Lack of Regretment: It's Versatile and Unfulfilled
In Yemen and the Arabic Regional Union have been prevented from being made in the health institutions alone, but not in the halls.
In Mauritania, there is a legal barrier but not directly forbidden .
In Iraq, reptile has been forbidden there in the religious state of Kurdi, but is still legitimate in the central Iraq.
There have been signs of no reprimand .
In the years following the institution of the Egyptian women's right institute forbidded reprimand in 2008.
Sudan during a period of political passage after 30 years of dictatorships has been the first to forbid recollection in April.
But law enforcement is a major challenge because recollection is still at its highest rate and is also widely distributed .
Although law is not the most important weapon but still unfulfilled .
Countries need a national plan and strategy , involving police, courts to provide health - care services and to provide education for the community.
The symposium of strategic disasters and dictatorships has delayed changes in preventing campaigns and defensive resources of women's circumstances.
Now all the world's eyes are focused on combating COVID Hav19 and its impact on many economies and programs that are directly related to the rights of women in dangerous environments and social services have been postponed by or perhaps no longer presumptuous .
With so many poor families and many girls being expelled from school or from infancy , chemotherapy is as if you are going to have a chance without being known in this belt .
Abubakar Idris Dadiyata, has served with permission from The SignalNg.
Abubakar Idris Dadiyata, lecturer and a prominent Nigerian government official was taken from his home on August 1, 2019, in Barnawa , a neighbor and Kaduna, North West Nigeria.
One year after his captivity Dadiyata has not yet been found.
Abubakar Idris (Didiyata) was taken from his home in the state of Kaduna, Nigeria.
Its hairs are still unfamiliar .
His family and friends want answers to their questions: where he is ,?
Abubakar is the victim of loss of #SikuYaKu #MchieniHuruDadiyata.
Dadiyata was a instructor at Dutsinma, University in Katsina. State
Like the member of the anti - Semitic and Democracy (People's Democratic Party) Dadta was always confused with members of the Public Progressive Party (Agressive Congress party)
Read Further: Fear spreads against the kidnapping of the Nigeria government
All state - state government institutions and high governments are not susceptible to anything
Dadiyata was forcefully taken by the kidnappers on 7 p.m . when he arrived at his home, a year ago on the 1, August 2019, reported the Premium Times.
Dadiyata, Kadija in an interview with a BBC collaboration recalled that her husband was talking to the phone while his automobile engine was burning still, when arrested by the kidnappers.
Although Kadija could not hear what was discussed or who was talking to her on the phone, remembers her husband's kidnappers were pursuing her and came home .
Dadiyata's wife remained watching the window in their room when her husband was taken and left the captors .
Worse yet , there is no statement about when Dadiyata.
How hurtful it is that their children continue to inquire of their lost father , Kadija , who told BBC.
The search for Dadiyata, Nigerian security institutions has continued to devote themselves to all kinds of blame connected with its loss .
The Nigerian National Defense Department until January continued to refuse to place Dadiyata in detention.
The National Defense Department says that the fatheriyata was taken from her home by armed men does not mean that the people are staffed by the State Security Department.
The chief attorney of the State of Kaduna, Aisha Dikko, likewise refused to comprehend his or her involvement with anything in Dadiyata.
In any case it is a cylinder to believe that since he was captured in the state of Kaduna , then the state state is involved, said Dikko.
Yet, refusing to get involved in National Security and the state of Kaduna does not eliminate the frequency of Dadiyata's wife and their two children or restore her freedom.
The requests for the release of the Dadiyata are still being launched on the pages of defense defense with the #MmojaBilaDadiyata, if it is a claim of his Freedom from the Nigerians.
Bulama Bukarti lamented the pain this terrorism has caused for Dadiyata's family:
Surprisingly , the Nigerian can be lost that way .
We must continue to do everything possible to connect Dadiyata with his family .
There is no place for such terrorism .
Those who took Dadiyata will come to pay the bill .
If not now , then it must later be.
This user of cyberspace was upset when he heard the interviews of Dadiyata's wife:
I was intrigued by hearing Dad's wife interrogate with @bchausa, this morning .
The only thing he asks is that the kidnappers forgive him and let his husband return to join his family, especially his small children.
Akin Akíntáyē does not understand how Dadyata can be lost without being known for the whole year:
One question I ask myself how Dadiyata and his car were lost without leaving a mark for a year in Nigeria; and neither does the government worry about it, more seeking to wash it instead of taking an obligation to seek him because he was a laid for them because of his demotion ?
Such a bad prostitute is as no one cares to find the secretary:
Contrary to the institutions of all state and state governments are struggling to avoid the condemnation of doing nothing , said Human Rights Reformer Chidi Odinkalu in his interview with Vyral Africa:
In addition to saying that they do not know when,hakuna a person has made the effort to tell us what they have done just to find him and how they are not required to be involved with him .
This identifies you how we have no meaning like small citizens .
The small thing we can do is ask where Dadiyata is and why our government does not look for him ?
Students in Kaduna, Nigeria.
Photo and Jeremy Weate, January 15, 2010 by Flickr / CC BY 2.0.0.
Vikings armedly raided high school in Kaduna, North West Nigeria on August 24 and killed one person and captured four students and the teacher reported the source of media, SaharaReporters.
The armed men arrived and attacked the village of DambaāKaya in the Chikun, the state of Kaduna in 1.45 a.m . on a motorcycle and was reported to have killed Benjamin Auta, a farmer according to the Premi Times release .
These armed men headed for Prince high school where they captured the founder Christianah Ma Brothers and four Favour Danjuma, 9, Miracle Danjuma, 13, Happy Odoji, 14, and Ezra Bako, 15.
His father , Happy, Isiaka Odoji, told the Daily Trust, Nigeria's daily Nigerian newspaper that the captors are demanding as much as 20 million Naira and $ $53,000) so that they can free their children, but never have the ability to collect that amount .
The captive students were taking their test to complete their basic education.
Because of the explosion of Korona, students who graduate from school alone , they were allowed to return to school.
The supreme government and the state of the Kaduna have remained silent about the populace of the students who were taken captive together as their teacher.
It Is Normal in Nigeria
The userer of twigs - Kato said this is a phenomenon for the State:
Today in the state of Kaduna, children in finish classes who were ordered to continue classes have been captured by armed persons.
One man has been reported to be killed, a young man's life has been shortened , and others have left with them and perhaps no longer see them .
This must have frustrated any Nation .
But it is still a normal day for Nigeria to lie down with the user of Lima Chima Chigozie:
Some students have been captured in Kaduna, one of the male students has been killed during the event .
The boy's life was shortened, this had to shock the Nation, but HAPANA, this is a typical day in Nigeria.
Jaja blames politics for causing public sympathy and anger against this kidnapping of students:
The captive Kaduna boys will not get the compassion of Chibok girls because they are first boys and second Goodluck Jonathan (GEJ ) not President.
Goodluck Ebele Jonathan (GEJ) was President, when 276 girls from government school were taken captive by Boko Haram,combs from the North East of Chiboko in April 2014.
This kidnapping caused the widespread fermentation of the whole earth to exist and the # GM revival that millions of people in the media .
Read Further: Nigerians Celebrate the restoration of 82 Chibok girls in the hands of Boko Haram
February 19, 2018, Boko Haram also captured 110 female students from a science and technical school in Dapchi, the state of Yobe, Northeast Nigeria.
Read Further: The female students taken captive by Boko Haram in Nigeria are suspected of dying
The kidnapping of Dambaʼasurs and their teacher is a horrible event that repeated itself .
The only difference is that for now those involved with this horrible event are not Boko Haram but armed pirates.
Viking Cruelty
Terrorism exploded in the North East of Nigeria in the states of Zamfara, Kaduna, Niger, Sokoto, Kebbi and Katsina.
ACAPS is a free organization dealing with human affairs, confirmed that these disturbances are not connected with the rebellion of Boko Haram in the North East:
These terrorist arsenals began as a controversy between farmers and farmers in 2011 and grew more than 2017 and 2018 involving theft of cattle, kidnappings for the saving of money, rapes and killing.
Until March 2020 more than 210,000 people have become inner refugees .
Rural communities have survived the courtesy of pirates in which between January and June this year have been killed about 1,126 from North Nigeria.
Southern Caduna Villages are the most attacked in which 366 people have been killed in the first half of the 2020, said the International Human Rights Agency .
Chikun LGA, the home of the captive students has been battling attacks from militia groups that have accompanied the kidnapping and deaths with 45 races to flee their home where it was paid since 2019, according to the coal statement of South Kaduna .
Southern Kaduna people claim that the pirates are members of the tribe of Fulani who have a plundering rugs, assisted and not taken gradually by the state and the state .
But the governor of the state of Kaduna, Nasir ElectRufi refused to take part in the plot of land looting or instigated by religious beliefs.
August 22, the government of the state of Caduna ordered the absence of exclusion from 6: 00 p.m . until 6: 00 a.m . when in some areas it is believed to be part of the government's strategy to eliminate piracy .
However ,, a spokesman for the South Kaduna Breed Luke Binniyat, complained that hunger also kills us because people do not go to their countryside; our people are totally hopeless .
Poet Henry Spon and lawyer Imtiaz Mahmood.
This connection is made up of their widely distributed photos on social networks.
Two people were arrested there on May 14 and 15 by putting their opinions on their pages of Joel.
This arrest has brought questions among societies on social networks
Poet arrest Henry Spon
On May 14,800 Poet and harlot Henry Spon was arrested at his home in the town of Barishal, in South Bangladesh.
He has been condemned for violating the Security law of Bangladesh'
As a member of the small Christian community, at the beginning of Skapon was accused of being accused of him and his older brothers Alfred and Jewel Satkat by hurting the strong feelings of the Islams and Christians on social networks .
Bangladeshi poet and editor Henry Swan was arrested under the law of media security !
# ZEPHuru #bangladesh #bangladeshiblogger # # Baptizer cloaked in cascadems .
According to Dhaka Tribune, Skapon placed a script on his page of Judaism describing Lawrence Howlader, Bishop of the Catholic Church in the Barishal Diocese.
The bishop chose to perform a service phenomenon in one of the Catholic churches on April 2219, only one day after the terrorist attack in Sri Lanka.
Shon assumed that a bishop would postpone the spectacle by honoring the lives of hundreds of people lost in the attack
Some Christians were angry at the language he used to the bishop and others used him even for threats to kill him .
Spon has been a chaperon on the media chastising every kind of oppression and bribe in his town.
Border Swakrito Noman wrote in Joel:
In Bangladesh, strategy to attack Reformers by requiring them to injure strong feelings has become common to Muslim leaders.
Now we see even those of unchangeable Christians and have begun to use this method .
I think of those who hate this form of lecture are mentally ill .
Community provides treatment for these patients .
We rebuke the arrest of Poet Henry Spon and want him to be promptly released without reservation .
The arrest of lawyer Imtiaz Mahmood
On the morning of May 15 , the police arrested the high court attorney and author Imtiaz Mahmud under the 2017 legislation that is currently inaccessible, the Technological and Technology law in which one, Shafiqul Islam lamented the culprits of Mahood's literature in Chiko's Eastern crimes .
Imtiaz Mahmood obtained a temporary bail when the trial was brought for the first time but the Khagrachhari issued a decree to be reconvicted against January 2019.
Mahmood contributed to his opinion during the ethnic chaos that occurred after Below motorcycle cyclist at Khagrachhari, causing a revival group to fire several houses and ravine shops in Chittagong.
Local sources told Dhaka Tribune that the police took no action to prevent the matter .
Hundreds of such charges were opened from 2013 to 2018, when the law of News and Communication exchanged the code for Defense Security
Bangladesh suppresses social networks .
Police have undergone a second arrest within two days under the Code of Defense
Wednesday morning Imtiaz Mahmood was arrested for a trial under the law of Information and Communication .
#UNNIR commented on #ICTLawhtpsוt httpeH8H38unCr
Writer Meher Afroz Shao wrote in Joel:
He loves the mountains and the people who live there .
It writes about their rights .
I have never seen words of sedition in his writings.
There is nothing right to make serious mistakes .
I believe that mistakes will be readjusted quickly .
PS: I have seen so many of the publications in Malawi that have profanity and discrimination in it .
If the people are accused today, will the arrest document be issued immediately ?
Many of the herds have rebuked the arrest of the two, requiring the law to be cut off .
Bangladeshi immigrant Leesa Gaziwit:
It is absolutely shame .
Bangladesh's government does not have the ability to ensure public safety but tries to seize people under the rule of the Millennium Safety tape that is contrary to the Bangladesh. Constitutional Spirit
https refuget.coו11sFKY10OPV
Informer Probhash Amin wrote in Joel:
Following Poet Henry Spon, lawyer Imtiaz Mahmood (represented).
Freeness of expression is restricted.
I want all ruthless rules to be erased .
I want freedom to express myself .
I want Henry Spon and Imtiaz Mahmood to be released immediately.
Along with the determining that the law would restrict freedom of expressing itself, the Bangladeshi parliament passed the Cocoon Safety law on September 2018.
This law seized another soccer of the Information and Technolijia, that also served as a device to silence the sprinklers .
This law condemns some media discussions from portable messages until hurtful religious discussions and morals also list large fines.
It also allows for long - term bonds for the use of media to cause social disturbances and by collecting, dispatching and storage information and government spoils through dengue services.
The editorial of Bangladeshi said that this law was contrary to constitutional freedom of the media and freedom of expression .
Read further: Freedom Community Reformers Bangladesh say one rule of Digitali Security is for the purpose of persecution
The Law gives enormous authority to law - management institutions to initiate investigation for anyone whose affairs are felt harmful and a threat to safety.
Khartoum, Sudan.
Photo by Christopher Michel from Flickr under CC BY 2.0.0.
After the revolution of Sudan, the Sudanian curve has compiled the agreement of peace with The Sudan Revolutionary Front the main rebel group that has continued its operation even after the removal of its former leader Omar alefashir, last. last.
This alliance of Historic peace was adopted on August 31, in the Southern town of Juba, Sudan where it is supported by Candane and International communities such as U.S . European Union, Egypt and some of the Gulf countries
This thrilling experience has also been stunned by a period of Historic flooding that has affected some of the regions of Sudan, contributing to the ongoing collapse of the already weaving economy
Still , citizens of Sudan on networks celebrated the media
Envious Bloga Waleed Ahmed wrote:
Today we are volunteering, returning home.
Video that identifies the army (Sudan Liberation Movement (SLMAA) under the direction of the Armada announcing the laying up of weapons below Disemba 16, 2019, to support revolutionary movements .
Min Arko Minawi, SLMA, leader wrote:
Miniature Arko Minawi.
Signpointing yesterday will put Sudan on a new course in the party and to the people of Sudan, institutions and social parties in cooperation with friends and neighboring zones .
We must make a concerted platform for the new history of our country.
Premier of Sudan Abdalla Hamdok welcomed a peaceful agreement by saying:
I am sending the peace that we have synonymous today in our Sudan State to our newborn refugee children and in submarines to fathers and mothers who yearn for their villages and towns eagerly awaiting the grand Disemba, promise to return, the promise of justice and progress and security
These agreements guarantee freedom of domination of the rebel groups in their territories under the oversight of the state .
Agreements will ensure that one - third of the parliamentary chairs belong to people from the rebel areas in order to communicate their needs and issues .
Agreements also guarantee justice and equality for all who were accused by previous leadership as non - Islams or people without Arabic origin .
These are not the first peaceful agreement in the history of Sudani.
Some media spoke of peaceful agreements as a regular circuit in Sudan and may not bring peace or tranquillity .
Inbal Ben Yehuda wrote:
The occurrence occurring once every 59 years is not a Historic matter only a circuit.
Amazing Peace Agreement 2006
Course of Doha 2011
2020 Judicial Peace Agreement
Better we wait before celebrating
Not Completed
Along with this thrilling event , two groups of rebels have not sanctioned this agreement . The SLMA was led by Abdul Wahid al,700Nur and the Society of the northern Civil Liberty movement (SPLMrowLIN), led by Abdelazi al Roma, all devoted themselves to the inauguration of some of the foreign system's liberty .
Three days after the concordance of peace Prime Minister of Sudan traveled to Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, seeingna and alefHilu to negotiate the conflict according to Sudan's Tuuhishness
Here on Wednesday, Minister Abdallah Hamdok held a secret meeting by Abdel Aziz Alvirowrowlus as an effort to remove obstacles from peaceful discussions by the government of South Sudan.
This conference led to the gathering of a treaty that would oversee the honor of the peaceful agreement that took place in Juba.
Sudan's social compounds extinguished them with a copy of the English - lugjs written in the lugjs in a 3 - bell discussing issues of religion and nationalism:
Democratic nation must not be served in Sudan.
To Sudan the democratic State where public rights are respected, constitution must have grounds for separation and nationalism where personal rights must be respected.
Liberty to believe and worship and religious affairs should be extended to all citizens of Sudan.
The State does not impose any discrimination against the State religion, without being a member of the machichi .
Sudan's citizens are divided into two congregations on this issue: the first congregation considers separation from religion to be fundamental in the rights of Man; the second group considers it unwilling to make decisions on the matter without the permission of citizens through democratic elections..
Following the meeting of the Prime Minister's successor published a copy of the treaty in Arabic , where its minimums differed from those in an English - language copy .
When in a copy of English conspiracy has been placed in the sense that it is impossible to separate religion from nationalism, in a Arabic - language copy recommends negotiations in this complex issue .
Differences in these two copies have raised many questions regarding the singularity of this agreement .
Historical Peace, a Historic Flood
When peace brings happiness in Sudan, the river Nile continues to overflow with unexpected human disasters.
According to the September 8 of the National Defense council from the floods have resulted in 103, 50,482, 27,341 mortality deaths by 42,210 homes have demolished half,210 government buildings and 179 private institutions destroyed by 359 stores and 4,9999,855555555555555555
YouStorm on her page cyclone that made a video compare with the coming of water in the river Nile July 16 and August 16:
Flooding in the river Nile in Sudan on July 16 comparing August 30 #Sentinel2 in Northern Khartoum.
Made of the #EOBrowser @sentinel - #udanfloods pic.comcomcomcom·וl8LRNBFY9m
There on September 3, the governor of the state of Sinnar, Ustadhi Elmahi Sulieman announced the danger on his page JEHOVAH:
The height of the Nile River at night has risen from the heavy rains that have caused the breakdown and walls of protection that are a small dam built by sacks loaded with clay in the town of Singa and areas of Umm Benin, and the water have begun to swollen in the towns and residents .
So we give directions to all government authorities and private agencies to appear and come to help save citizens as early as possible and to give them conservation, food and treatment.
The situation is frightening:
In Sinnar State | The town of Singa, the situation is terrifying after the rains break its detention wall to allow water from the Nile River to enter the city.
Slavic youths from the island of Tuti built a wall to prevent floodwaters into their island .
It was a heroic act, he related Hassan Shaggag:
These are the ones who will build Sudan.na who fight for responsibilities now.
Sudanians have a deficit of vital needs , such as bread,,, gases and electrical reservoirs after six hours of electricity per day .
Strange of Sudan has now exceeded 202,800 percent , according to Professor Steve Hanke.
Yet, until now the motor government has not yet managed the marketplace .
Now again there is the promise of peace, exactly what the government's strategy to simplify the lives of the citizens ?
Patriarch Jutatip Secretkhan covered with white color as a symbol of a strike after his release.
Photos and comments from Prachatai
This article is from Prachatai, a free source of information in Thailand, edited and published by the Global Discovery as part of an agreement to participate in alphabet.
Thailand's president of the Thai students Jutatip Syriakhan has been arrested on his way to college on September 1, because of participating in the large July 18.
Jutatip was arrested in a car traveling to class at the Tha Prachan university in Bangkok.
He entered the lecture on his page of Joel at 07:50 a day on September 1, when the civilian soldiers erected the tax that he had planted and inspired him a scroll of arrest .
Jutatip was taken to the lSamranrat.
The police officer accompanied him to the station on another taxi because he did not feel safe to board a personal car with the soldiers who came to arrest him .
He continued to be a lecture on his page of Joel, reading the paragraph of the Common Discernment rendered in Thailand and Thomas Paine.
He was taken to the criminal court of Bangkok and was given bail and released at 11.20 p.m . under the oversight of a lecturer from the university of Thammasat.
The court did not immediately demand that he pay the quantity of 100,000 baht (and $ 3,190) for bails but was conditioned that he was no longer required to repeat the errors charged for the charges made to each arrested and released by the charges .
Jutatip is a 14th reformer to be arrested for participating in the large demonstrations of July 18.
The other 15 members of the procession have received a call and have reported at the Samranrat police station to hear their charges on August 28.
Jutatip was charged with sedition, defiance of the Emergency and the Law of Infectious Diseases and other charges .
Jutatip left a criminal court after his release and held a brief meeting with the media.
Color can be cleansed , but we cannot cleanse oppression
I did not plan to run since .
I knew I had a arrest document
and I have been waiting for long - term arrests but not until today.
Each time one person is arrested , it must appear injuriously that we did not accompany him in peace .
I am a student and have been harassed by soldiers for several years .
Why is there no ransom for me ?
Why should there be a ransom only to the police who are dictatorships?
There would be a call first, but what happened was that the police came with a paper to arrest me directly.
It is a high - quality oppression of a student.
They found me by pursuing my telecommunications from the time I lived .
They have intimidated the homes of my family and sent the arrest document to my home , so we now have to strengthen our protests .
Everything is constitutional .
We pay our taxes, we must be protected by governments not to be imposed by the government
So today, I have explained to myself that we can do this.
We must stand up for our rights and freedom.
Coloring is also something that can be done .
Jutatip then poured a white bucket on his body while lifting his hand up and stretching three fingers the size of a Hunger Sport .
He said that the white color represents cleanness and justice, and demands justice .
We denote that this is just, this is a form of example that we can do .
Even if it is present - day painting , it is a way of determining that we can paint ourselves at any hour .
We can pour out the colors on those in authority because they convict and shoot us at any hour without concern for their authority .
Color can be washed but oppression cannot be washed .
Thereafter , Jutatip thanked a lecturer who held a bond with the people who came to support him and help the crowds clean the color that had been scattered in the streets before the courts .
We will not stop fighting until we conquer everything - including the reforms of the kingdom and the new, the constitution Jutatip. said
Scrine photo from the video YouTube, and VideoVolunteers.
This publication was written by Grace Jolliffe and original and originally by the Video Volunteers, the international amphitheater that conquered the prize and its headquarters was India.
A slightly edited edition has been printed below as part of an agreement to share responsibility.
When India reviews the period of great elections divided into seven atoms ranging from April to 19 May 2019 to choose its seventh (Lok Sabha), some of India's voters have taken unusual guilt for taking elections.
Read More: All you want to know about India's chief election 2019
In the South Indian state of Goa, residents of a small village in the suburb of Cancona (a district section), the village of Marlem refused to vote on April 23 on the third phase of election with alleged that the government has become the problem in their village.
Their major complaints are that such important needs and services as good roads and safe water service have never been provided by the government.
Racial Advertiser Devidas Gaonkar,born of the Ghooans tribe Velip, resembling the patronage of the villagers:
In this video, Pandurang Gaonkar, resident of the village of Marli said:
From Tirwal to Marlem , only three miles [ 3 km ] of roads but not completed .
To this day no action was taken by the authority occupied .
They give us false promises only no execution .
And for this reason we have not voted .
Residents of the village of Marlem have been living in the village for more than 20 years now.
In 1968, the forest department declared the village of Marlem a safe haven for wildlife .
This makes road construction or any progressive work in this area difficult to carry out .
According to a statement, it was that the plan to transmit an electric crude so that it could reach the region was passed but recently restricted from the State Forest Department
Another source of the concerns of the local population is poor roads .
A man is required to travel from a highway 2.8 miles [ 2.8 km ] on a poor and poorly cleaned road so that he can find the first home in the village of Marlem.
Finishing of electricity and clean and safe water for villagers has remained a challenge to villagers.
Along with repeated public complaints but have failed to find answers to their needs, the residents of Marlem and the residents of two other villages decided not to vote to win the ears of authority over their complaining issues .
The election commission staff came to talk to us about our decision not to vote and our stand was there, he added to Pandurang.
Isidore Fernandes, head of opposition from the Indian National Congress) parliamentary in the parliament of Cancona, also met local residents .
After listening to their cables , he assured them that he will help them handle the republic .
It is important for any government to make roads, to distribute electricity and water for their people.
Until now all government officials have neglected these services in the village of Marlem, said Fernandes.
Choice spying has now become one way of a strike - although voteing is not necessary in the country of India.
The contrast between the village of Goa, villages in the Middle state of Madhya Pradesh, West the state of Maharashtra, and the East of Odisha has been using this strategy to achieve their important affairs before the authorities involved .
Yet , no candidate for this has been taken action by the government.
Many voters have begun to practice this tactic as a sign of expressing their anger to politicians and government officials who turn to the societies they imposed in the election period in hopes of getting their votes while failing to carry out their promises after election .
But eventually, whether the Chat will not bring about a change in society , what do the maidservants decide to do to win the ears of the authorities who should hear their voices and take the steps of executing ?
Journalist Amade Abubacar.
Photos and: caiccajuda humYoutube.
Journalists Amade Abubacar and Germano Adriano, who were arrested earlier this year as they collect reports of military strife in the Northern Mozambique, have been released without being charged on the 23,19. April 20,19.
Amade, who has been contributing information in remote sources in Zitamar News and A Carta, was detented on January 5 when interviewing with inner refugees from the district of Macomia in the North country of Cabo Delgado.
Germano, newsmagazine Nacedje, was lost since February 6 and was found in detention on date 18, February.
According to a report from the South African Association of Information Amade and Germanos , Amade and Germano were accused of spreading news to pollute some of the Mozambican Navy leaders through their pages in which they announced the start of the fighting in the villages of Macomia
The critics were released from the Mieze penitentiary in Pemba, the Cabo Delgado headquarters and are in a period of oversight while awaiting trial in the resident court of Cabo Delgado.
The case is scheduled for the first hearing on May 17.
Since 2017, armed groups such as knives have been attacking the villages of Cabo Delgado, burning houses and slaughtering residents .
More than 90 people have been killed since the start of the attacks according to police statements .
To this day no group has presented itself publicly to admit to the attacks .
There Disemba 2018 A Carta de Moçambique pointed to the existence of a page of the apparently describing A Cartamba 2018 in which the page praises the attacks of armed groups in Cabo Delgado
Whether the charges against Amade and Germano are linked to the page.
The champion team of these criminologists says that there is no link between them and the page or other criminal acts that take place in the pages of Joel.
The charges against these criminals have been alarmed by many synthetics.
After Amade was detained, the police put him under the protection of the Navy.
He was placed in a Military prison where he spent 12 days without any contact and then transferred to a civil prison.
The censors were charged only when it came on April 16 , if it was being violated by the last 90, days " law of arrest and detention of Mozambique, in Abubacar. case
In a trial continuation during their detention period as a detention of all the scribes together were charged with crimes of violation of federal secrets through social networks and stirred society by means of tribal methods
These charges mount against the original charges issued against them, where MISA interpreted them as spreading a message to pollute some of the country's citizens of Mozambique by means of page Malawi that targeted attacks in the district villages of Macomia.
During the 106 days that he spent in prison, Abubacar , he encountered food shortages and was denied medical services, according to a statement by the Human Rights Association (Amnesty International).
His family told the FebruaryVerdade newspaper that they were prevented from visiting Abubacar throughout his detention.
What happened to these journalists was part of the continuation of persecution against media workers in North Mozambique.
Information Writer Estácio Valoi was detained in Disemba 2018, also in Cabo Delgado for mysterious legal reasons .
Later he was released without charges , but his work tools remained at the hands of the army.
The Call of Justice
Cídia Chissungo, reformer and motivation of the #AmedeAweHuru campaign celebrated the statements by saying:
# #AmadeAbubacar and #GeramanoAdriano are finally HURU after being in detention for 4. months
We truly celebrate , but we will not forget how everything began .
We said from time to time: The press is not a crime.
Thank you for supporting us in
Angela Quintal, president of the Charter for Protection (CPJ), the African belt said:
Now it is to make sure that the charges are thrown away by the #AmadeAbucar can continue his work without fear of arrest .
The fact is , he has endured as a detention for 106 days before the bail , not the courtesy he received .
He is not to be thoroughly accused !
A picture of Iranian Revolution leader Imamu Khomein on the wall of a building in Artndaj, in Iranian Capital named Kurdistan appears through a window.
Photo by Jordi Boixareu.
Demotix
Ethan Zuckerman's colleague of the Global Park has described them as an example of a bridge for people who like to explain their home culture to people from other races .
This idea was made through a deeply entrenched system in the Global voices and describes great work and social culture.
Since our work has targeted the separation between the external attitudes on Iran and the realm within the country itself, Globalו Iran has begun a series of interviews with the Ironianianianianian and scribes who will .
These interviews will take place to understand how and how these people who worked through explaining to the Iran - based society about Iran with the difficulty and complexity that exists in describing.
Golnaz Esfandiary: I think the use of social media in Iran and its benefits are increasing
Golnaz Esfandiary is a successor at the Redio Free Europeîadio Liberty, and one of the few journalists who have come out of Iran to write in English about the pests and the social and political challenges of the Irish .
Photo has served with the permission of Golnaz Esfandiari.
Read more: Conversation with Golnaz Esfandiary, Bridge of information in English language
In an interview with the GlobalÃ, he said:
I think the use of social media in Iran has increased and its benefits have increased.
Government officials admit this , and I also see many people in the country on social networks .
I think that since 2009, the use of social media has increased considerably .
Some Iiranis have told me that they have joined the Libree after reading about the Civil Revolution's claims in Iran.
Racial beds help conversations and associate forbidden or seemingly embarrassing jokes with one another .
People also often criticize government policies and attitudes on social networks .
Kelly Golnoush Niknejad: You should be journalist, psychologist, professor and psychologist at a time
Columnist in Irani Kelly Golnoush Niknejad, is founder of the Tehran Institute , a source of information that arouses both the Iran and the Irish - invented Europeans .
Its goal is one of the leading sources of a different attitude toward land hiyi on political and cultural issues and people.
Photo and Kelly Golnoush Niknejad and has served with permission.
Read more: How Kelly Golnoush Niknejad's Tehran Institute connects Iran with the Western world .
In the bad attitude that people who do not have anonymous against Iran, described:
When it comes to the issue of Iran, I find myself constantly shrinking back until 1979 and then explaining the changes that took place after the lie to bring the meaning of this present time .
It is sometimes very difficult even for theoretes themselves to understand what is happening at present in Iran
This identifies how important it is to cover Iran the gubigu , putting it in a special flow of common people.
If we reach the country by making statements by scholars in authority alone , it is not a fundamental or most important thing for us whether they are prostituting.
It is even important that people who pursue news do not understand the basics that arise in Iran.
It is true if they follow statements from the Tehran Institute , then they will find a very different attitude .
Nina Ansary: I believe women will take the lead in any change in Iran
Nina Ansary is a protector of God's Administrative Capital: Unknown to Iranian Women , the first book to write about a just attitude for women in politics from the late 19th to the present.
Cover of the book of the Oppressor God
The book describes how women have been able to build up the modern - day history of Iran and continue to do so, when they continue to deal with and to establish the foundations of their rights and equality in societies that have been naturally oppressive .
Read further: Conversation with the Ironian Women's Secretary Nina Ansary in the Non - night Reformer
Ansary said that she had a positive outlook on the tomorrow of Iran and a woman's place in her:
and it was because I saw their restoration.
And this is because female reformers found no sure answers: women were not allowed to become pilgrims but are now serving as spies .
Women were not allowed to read some of the fans but for several years have been able to penetrate into fans dominated by more men , such as physician and engineering.
With great caution I look forward to positive things , but I believe women will be the front line in any change in Iran.
Saeed Kamali Dehghan: They view Iran as a picture of black and white but Iran is not so.
Similar as the Rainbow .
With over 800 articles related to Iran, Saeed Kamali Dehghan is the first author of The Guardian who volunteered to write about Iran and one of a few of the paranormals employed by a large English - language company .
Photo has served with Saeed Kamali Dehghan.
His many statements are related to human rights violations in Iran, but as he said in an interview by telephone, a major problem for the Magil media is that they view Iran as a black - and - white image but Iran is not so.
Iran is like the Winter of Rain, it is raging
Read more: Saeed Kamali Dehghan , writing to Iran in The Guardian
In the difficulty of writing to a country where she is attached emotionally, Saeed , she explains:
Like an uranium I have my feelings about, countries , but when I write it , I try to stay on a small corner to eliminate favoritism .
But I am allowed to express my thoughts when I write the opposite material and I have been doing something like that .
I wrote about why Canada misunderstood Iran and this sent outer ministers of the time to give me a sentence through Tweeter's page to be used by Iranian authorities.
I have been attacked by some who have been accused by being enslaved by the Albigens and others have been reassuring me to serve in Britain.
I believe this is a sign that I am doing my job well .
Omid Memarian: Turning your anger into something to build and not take it personally is art
Omid Memarian,al
Omid Memarian is a well - educated secretary in Iran and is now working in the United States and has been writing Iranian news to users of all English and Persian languages .
Our interviews wanted to understand the differences in writing the subject of Iran to users of different languages and its experience as an inner and outside secretary of Iran.
Read further: Archaeologist Omid Memarian
Memarian describes his experience in writing and reporting to the social community in Iran as follows:
There are still people in Iran who believe in making possible the political and liberal community and the freedom of Islamic information can gradually change from within.
On the other hand , there are other forces that struggle to prove that this is impossible and one way is to make the environment so dangerous that no one will dare to stay doing what he is doing .
When I insisted on continuing to do what I did, to write and motivate about what I believed I was arrested and thrown into prison.
Hooman Majd: Iran has no unique distinction: evacuation here is that most people do not know much about Iran.
Now we are at extraterrestrial policies in the United States.
Several weeks toward the edge of the dysfunctory Eurasian regime are more likely in the United States to be separated from its long - term comprehension project and its longtime enemy, Iranian Muslim republic
In the rifles of the oppressive Donald Trump will be unique to the harsh and vicious republic, I think it is time to dwell on the ground and the secretary Hooman Majd.
His books, articles and publications describe the Iranian riddle that has widely appeared in large U.S . news media during Bush, during the period of atrocities against the government of Iran turned into a major mark at the beginning of the 2000 years in outer policies and media attitudes against Iran.
Hooman Majd has been known as the sound of Iran for the West.
Majd's image was taken by Ken Browar, has been used for permission.
Read more: Conversation with Hooman Majd, bridge between the Iranian media and the United States.
Whether the wrong attitude against Iran has brought a lesson since its book in 2008 that targeted against negative attitudes regarding the U.S . community of affairs to American readers:
Ahmadinejad was the first to be open to the media, the foremost source of negative information.
But American - based and European avocados have written extensively about their culture in recent times, as well as the numerous voyages between Iran and the United States between the American and the Albigens of the Americas and of the
Presently they understand little good and fewer books .
Iran is not a special riddle: but the only one is that most people do not know much about Iran.
Supersons in Rio de Janeiro: Education is our weapon .
There on May 15, thousands of Brazilians entered the streets in all 26 states , protesting the Bolsonaro government to cut off educational currency that would affect hundreds of schools and colleges.
By the end of April, the Brazilian government announced the cutting of 30 percent of what is said to be a budget that was for the cost of,,800 water - powered budget and research.
When adaming that the total total government budget for higher education in the cartons can reach three or 5.
Yet, the government has eradicated the sponsorship of some 3,500 government - sponsored high school students .
From the course of Paulista in São Paulo, the center of traditional processions to native farms in Alto Rio Negro, near the border of Colombia, people went out to defend public education.
In Viçosa, Minas Gerais, a group of about 5,000 accompanied with umbrellas as heavy rains watered.
Aerial photograph depicting a large group of chaperons at Paulista in São Paulo opposing educational investments and scientific researchers.15M #TodosPelaEducação #TsunamidaEducação #NaRuaPRuacaEcaelaecação #MParchaClaiciaB.B.comaB .
https viaglobalvoices.orgוw un unobstrowrowrowrowrowrowrow archocontentו2019:001.30.30.m .
Brazil has 69 public academics and a large number of state universities and all donate the first degree and zero insufficiency without paying for fees and some social services such as legal and hospitals .
Earlier , the charcoal was to be held in three colleges but afteryr was promoted by all other academies .
Prime Minister of Bolsonaro, Abraham Weintraub said that it was not charcoal but constitution.
Weintraub explained that there are cartons because public academics are a part of destruction.
When asked by the romance alformers of the devastationWhen , he mentioned the presence of large social gatherings in colleges as well as ceremonies of naked persons .
Weintraub was appointed as a minister early in April after the predecessor stayed for a little while because of some of the conflicts.
This new minister has always given the views of the cradle , such as drugs as drugs were identified in Brazil as a Communist strategy, and wants to eradicate UMarx vyuoni.....
Some universities have said that the cartons can prevent their doors from opening early in the second age of 2019.
The government's garbage commission has sent a statement to the chief lawyer laying downtowns as violations of Brazil's constitutional constitution
Rio de Janeiro looks ABOUT !
Hundreds and thousands hold the Avenida Presidente Vargas night.un when they enter budget centers of science and science , Saudi15M #TodosPelaEducação #TsunamidaEducação #NaRuaPlaEducação pic.comMIMIX
Researchers from the University of Minas Gerais (UFMG) who study the congregations of WhatsApp in Brazil have found many discussions in this form , especially after the release of budget.
Research has developed a substance that will broadly pursue the congregations of WhatsApp and will be used broadly by a corporation that involves and excavates the truth in Brazil.
Leader Fabrício Benevuto there on May 8 , on his page of Abel , said:
[ Pychae ] is packed with unscrupulous photos cymbalsed because of the headlines and their covers .
There are pictures of people naked in ceremony but not even.vy) and several jokes of protesters saying they take 12 years to graduate because they are stolen all the time .
This is clear as a planned purpose .
In the same style of election campaigns.
Who sponsors the fiction plant ?
An article in Ciência and Rua (Greek in Portuguese) claims to be public academics producing 95 percent of Brazil.
Research done by asphalt from the United States of Clarivate Analytics in 2018 identifies the astonishment of 20 20 fertility research agricultural Web site .
On the day of the demonstrations at,zero Weintraub was called to comment on the budget in the lower house of Cresis.
Bolsonaro is an enemy of education
Education is an act of Love and DescriptÜTsunamiDaEducao pic.הוsEEEOb5wDxz
Bolsonaro was later in the state of Texas in the United States where he met former U.S . President George W. Bush.
When asked about the procession , President said:
It is not uncommon for [ companionships ]; now , the majority of the people there are nothing on the head .
If you ask them a 7 reproof 8,222 times , they don't know .
If you regret to ask about the structure of the water , they will not be heard; they are unaware of it .
They are useful stupid and fools and have been used by a few treacherous men who lead several public colleges in Brazil.
Ugandan journalist Gertrude Uwyere Tumusiime has tasted double - load events while working as a female journalist in Uganda.
Scrine photo from The Other Side: Gertrude Uw called Tumusiime at YouTube.
In Uganda, elite journalists report, expressing opinions and information are confronted by attacks and bullying because they study and publish political manipulation.
Web sites have become a new method of control .
Women's journalists carry the double burden of homosexual bullying with the threats associated with political information.
These ongoing threats have caused women journalists to withdraw from public debates and to let the newscast become more popular with men
Read Further: The cost of being different: Uganda's social media riddles
Joy Doreen Biira, journalist.
Photos and Babes through the Wikimedia Commons CC BY 3.0.0.
In November 2016, Ugandan journalist Joy Doreen Biira, who worked on Kenya's personal TV Television Network (KTN) in Kenya, returned to Uganda for a cultural ceremony.
When Biira was with them, Ugandan security forces struggled with the guards of the Rwen Visitru kingdom in the province of Rwenzori in western Uganda, and their calcula were burned in fire .
The bullet - shooting conflicts caused 62, deaths with 16.
Biira expressed her feelings regarding this event of military attack by publishing her opinion at Joel on November 27:
What I witnessed today with my own eyes on the part of the hall there from where I came from, the Kingdom of Rwen Visitru , burning in fire .
I felt as if I were losing an inheritance in front of my eyes.
That day, Biira was arrested and condemned to distribute the intricate pictures of the horrors of the battles between security forces and the defenders of the king of Rwen Visitru to the multiple - member congregation of WhatsApp according to the Committee to Protectists Journal (CPIJ).
He also published the Instagram of the palace's Instagram with fire and recorded his data on the subjects of Newsweek, CPJ's C.E .
Resource officials in Uganda were alleged to force Biira to eradicate literature on social networks and its own detached tools , according to the Freedom House report 2018.
Biira was charged with the error of supporting terrorism by taking videos of a military attack on the king's final offense under the law of combating terrorism as found guilty.
One day later , however ,, he was released on bail.
The case of Biira squeezed out on social networks through such conclusions as #FreeJoyDoreen and #JournalismIsNotaCrime.
This assailant denounced Uganda's President Yoweri Museveni for his habit of silenceing journalists:
#FreeJoyDoreen RaisKagutaMuseveni has to discontinue the habit of silenceing scribes.
This action is a major violation of human rights in our land.
The Attorney of Biira, Nicholas Opiyo, published an emblem describing the official charges facing Biira:
Cook of Joyana's bail accused of assisting terrorism (including !)
#journalism (scriptural) is not a blackKTNKenya @KTNKenya #FreeJoreen
Opiyo told the Global advocate that the Biira case was dismissed and erased in March 2017 after the regime had investigated and missed the prosecution in court
Like other cases like these, one loads on the soul but remains a sense of injustice, and pain, said Opiyo, also executive director of Chapter Four Uganda, the human rights organization .
Opiyo added that staying in prison several days and enduring the pain of being reinforced is a feeling that never leaves a person .
Web sites
Women who are victims of online bullying are rare and often have difficulty making sure that their complaints are being taken seriously and examined .
On April 2017, Gertrude Tumuime Uwyere, adversary of NTV Uganda, defended Stella Nyanzi, a reformer who challenged Museveni's rule by not fulfilling promises of campaigns to spread toxins of soft drinks .
The rulers compelled Uw to cancel his works works works works works works works works works with the view of supporting Nyanzi.
He received threats to 15: and then was kidnapped by some eight,800 hours according to the Ugandan human rights report 2017.
His kidnappers were demanded to interrogate him about his relationship with Nyanzi, and severely beat him and even cut his hair
Read more: Is the woman's nakedness a profanity ?
female reformer Stella Nyanzi continues to fight in court
Uwrire was later found at the police station in Kampala.
However , the rule has not issued any statements to this day regarding the study of his captivity .
Political journalists , especially those who shine on the politics of the opposing party , often witness more threats than those who declare other issues .
But women journalists have a far worse condition because the government believes they are weaker and more frightened, according to Suffering Arnold Anthony, the Security Secretary of the Information and Human Rights at the Ugandan Journal (UJA), who spoke to the Global WhatsApp on April 3.pp .
When it comes to the issue of online harassment , women's journalists are afraid to open up despite the fact that a few of them tell their frauds they end up hurting and emotion, Anthony said.
It appears to women journalists to face more psychological damage, their privacy, damaged identification, reduced their chances of going about, control and property loss because of their jobs, according to UNESCO's research on African independence published in 20.18
And, according to the study of the Human Rights Crisis for the 2018, 12 percent of female prostitutes have been plagued by bullying and bruising, stolen mortal threats and arrest.
Three quarters of female journalists have confronted and violated justice in the hands of government officials such as the district police and other security officer
Attacks and persecution
Uganda's secretary Bahati Remmy has confronted attacks and persecution in jobs like a woman reporter .
Photo by means of Paydesk's Bahati Remmy, has served with permission.
Bahati Remmy, a Ugandan prostitute who is currently working in the United States, told the Global basin that he quit the work of scribe in Uganda because he felt enthusiasm after a traumatic event while announcing elections in Uganda in 2016.
The Ugandan police arrested Remmy when making direct announcements through the privately owned NBS club to announce the house detachment of the head of opposition Dk.Kizza Besigye in the town of Kasangati.
Remmy told the Global Park:
Police pitched the rhetoric when preventing the critics from announcing a statement about Besigye.
Police had to give me my breasts on their car; they stripped me of the station and left me naked in front of the camera, according to Remmy.
He was also pursued and persecuted by the police officer at Joel because the Ugandan government assumed that he had been associated with Besigye to pollute the country
He told the Global Park to be a text message from unknown people was left at his door with threats to capture him if he refused to secret Besigye's route from his home.
After the incidental arrest of Remmy, Ugandan Human Rights , it provided a vote of opinion to measure the realities of the matter .
They asked: Ugandan police claimed to be the NBS Bahati Remmy's secretary of the heap and also prevented the police from doing their work so that they could arrest him.
Do you agree with this ?
Magambo Emmanuel wrote:
It is a fragile and false reasoning because there is a video belt that shows how Bahat was arrested .
Police should stop directing their problems to criminents.
Davide Lubuurwa wrote:
Anyone trying to confide in the nation's state must be arrested.
A major problem is coming to Uganda recently.
What irritates me is that anyone trying to utter an uncompromising proposal is taken as a rebel so that the people of Uganda must be overthrown .
Female criminologists in Uganda have left the work of newsmagazine , especially those that criticize the government for fear of being attacked and bullied by power .
Journalists have explained that governments and security equipment call the editors and orders them not to publish information that gives the government a negative connotation.
These attacks are not reported by women in a situation that causes the difficulty of comprehending the depth of this
Remmy dragged the Ugandan government to the Uganda, Uganda, Man's Rights Commission but to this day no one informed about his case .
The Commission lacks the freedom required to make decisions on the part of those who communicate complaints against the government .
Seven, of his delegates and his chairman, are appointed by the president, by the consent of Parliament.
They are favored, Remmy said, while adding: They have a collection of, cases and many of the cases they want to hear are those delivered by the government.
Many of the threats that afflict women online are closely related to bullying against them outside the Web site .
Remmy believes that the rights and status of female prostitutes should always be taken for granted because the attacks on women are overwhelmingly suppressing the sector of prostitution .
When Uganda is equipped to make an election of citizenship and parliament in 2021, the attacks and legalization of female journalists and governments should be eliminated because it affects the evangelism and the rights of the Ugandan citizens " democracy .
The freedom of the press remains a child neglected in the tract of, Remmy told the Global Park.
These articles are part of a series called Identification Corporation: The cost of controlling online threats against freeness in Africa, these Writings are consulting identifying prejudices or discriminating with linguistic or geographic elements: Nigeria's seven,,3333 official official officials: Ethiopia,
This goal is sponsored by the African Moral Rights Bank of the Organization for the International Cooperation of Serases for East and South Africa (CIPESA).
The roots of the 15th - century wall of the Kilwa Island of Kilwa , Tanzania.
In 1981, the ruins of the mighty Swahili sultan on the island were declared the UNESCO region of earth's inheritance .
Photo and David Stanley, January 1, 2017, CC BY 2.0.0
An editorial's suggestion: This personal article was written after a campaign provided by the Global Park Park Park of South Africa's Sahara Desert in cooperation of the Rising Project site site site site sites each week, a different linguist reformer shared his view of military rights and African Languages as part of the Effort Effort: Africa's independence of subtism:
According to the United Nations Educational and Cultural Organization (UNESCO), linguistic and cultural differences are indispensable to people worldwide in an effort to establish unity with society's cohesion.
This diversity of language and culture engulfed the UNESCO conference to announce the International Mother Language Day (IMLD) in November 1999, the day of February 21 each year .
Strengthening IMLD, the United Nations (UN) declared the International Year of Native Languages (IYIL 2019), to consider the dangers of extinction in the world's native
Today there are over 7,100 languages spoken throughout the earth, 28 percent of them spoken in Africa alone .
In spite of this , English conducts online in this area .
Twenty years ago , 80 percent of the earth's Web sites were based on English .
Presently , however , the English maximum is said to decline to between 51 and 55.
The swala possibilities, for this: How,bearing here signals that people now prefer their native languages to English rather than English, considering that only less than 15 percent of the world's population speak English as their first language ?
Swahili: A Descent of the Seed ?
Swahili is identified as one of the official languages of the African Unity (AU), along with the Portuguese, French - and - Arabic - language Ingerezzar
Swahili is also the vernacular of the member nations of eastern Africa (EAC).
Rwanda, the member nation of EAC, through its under, parliamentary parliament passed a Swahili formal language in 2017 along with Kinyarwanda, English and Kinyarwanda,
Despite the implementary use of the Swahili regime , it will be added to the country's educational course .
In Uganda, on September 2019, the government authorized the establishment of the Swahili National Council .
Article 6 (2) of Uganda's Constitution has also explained that Swahili will be the second official language in Uganda and will serve in an environment where the Parliament will be able to order by law .
In 2018, South Africa , a country proud of 11, official languages , translated Swahili as a voluntary lesson in its course, starting in 2020.
In 2019, the South African Development Community (SADC) passed Swahili as the fourth official language of the Community.
The Swahili finy on the Line
Photos and Rachel Strohm, September 20, 2019, (C BYāND 2.0)
Despite being the most widely spoken African language , about 150 million people are spoken in East Africa in East, dairy tapes in southern Somalia, and other parts of southern Africa, the Swahili equivalent is finy.
John Walubengo, lecturer of the University of Kenya, analyzes his article in Nation, Kenya, a daily journal in Nation, being a lack of language and culture is forming a subtle society of the earth.
The Lutherans explain that many natural cultures end up surrendering their identity to English affairs .
This unfortunate truth can be changed , however , only if the natural race fights to preserve their identity online and those outside the Internet say.
All, of them , however , are not disappointing.
There are several volunteer organizations in the front line to promote and develop Swahili online .
The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers
(ICANN), the multinational organization coordinating the Mexican SystemוDNS), the Mexican Animals (IP) and the free - rhythms of the free system created International Names (IDNs), which enable people to use special names in the vernate language and text .
These letters are then sung by Unicode and used as permitted by the IDN, a set of standards attributed to the IMM (IAB), by its small company groups; FAMI's Engineering Commission (IETF) and Mound (ITF) Research Commission (ITR).
The Universal Acceptance Steering Group (UASG)
UASG is a class of jasnia, sponsored by ICANN, that provides online for the next billion Internet users .
Success is being made through a process known as the Universal Acceptance (UA), which ensures that programs and systems deal with all high levels (TLDs) and e - mails according to these regions firmly along with those in non - Latin texts and that are more than three..
UA serves as herds around the world in their native tongues and in spawn names that identify their culture.
So, developing a multilingual network .
ICANNWI
This unnatural organization offering the page of society promoted on the subjects of ICANN and the Third Reich has long associated with,,, institutions private educational and private institutions in Kenya and Tanzania.
This has enabled East Africans to build, to translate and increase the resources of the Virgin with their experience, language and attitude.
This Swahili project with which a secretary has officially blocked the content of information connected with the solemn Reign of the ICANNWiki at controversy in the ruling classes .
Localization Lab
Localization Lab, is an international community of volunteers administrating translators and controversy for the usage guidelines and security equipment such as TOR, Signal, OONI, Psiphon.
These technology sheds security, privacy, and hiding by ensuring that the reformers of natural languages have safe access to online .
Localization Lab has translated more than 60 instruments into 180 different languages throughout the world,
Klip Community Network (KCN)
KCN , the first to experiment with Television's technologies TVWS, technology that does not connect with wires using unused radio waves in boxes 470 to 790 MHz to resolve the challenge of being united online in Tanzania.
KCN teaches the villagers to form and become natives of the useful nature and context .
Matogoro Jabhera, founder of the KCN and assistant lecturer at the University of Dodoma, Tanzania told the Global Agency via the Skype, believe that he believes natural manipulatives are sending out more people on the Internet because they can understand their statements compared to what is now commonly called English .
The next billion users
The world expects to connect the next billion users to online and 17 million of these users are estimated to be connected to the Internet in such language as their own devil's identification
So, the absence of natural manipulation may have an enormous impact if you consider detachment.
Bayana, here will affect the moral prerogatives unless it reaches, access to online and the right to use their native languages to make, participate, and distribute statements and knowledge through the Internet .
So it is vital to keep strategies that will promote the production of TEHAMA programs and the ministry, the use of natural languages, to make sure that the lingua fraternity of all.
This, if suspended by such strenuous efforts as the controversy of study and study tools, and literacy plans in rural villages can stimulate a shaggy revolution and thus nurture tribal rights and discard the divisive gap .
Eventually, this process will speed up protection, respect and development of all African languages and languages as it is agreed upon in the African Declaration of Rights and Freedom.
The Mantiki Identity Project has been approved by the African Video Rights Bank (CIPESA) International Cooperation Agency for East and South Africa (CIPESA)
TEDGlobal.
Creative Commons of the user of Flickr, Erik (HASH) Hersman, June 3, 2007.
(CC BY 2.0)
Global sites via its South African Sahari Desert scribe with cooperation and the Rising Organization will operate a giraffe campaign as part of a comprehensive project such as the Identification: A Web site for controlling online threats against free land coverage from April 20, May 22,20 20. 20.
Read further: Archaeologists: A new stable to establish tribal rights in Africa
Like the speculation of the Independence Writing: Politics and elite rights in Africa , this five - week campaign on social networks will associate the debate provided by the ZuGSSAfrica as part of the fifth African - language reformers who will proclaim linguistic and linguistic linguistic
This goal is sponsored by the Bank of Viking Rights in Africa by the International Cooperation of Seras for East and South Africa (CIPESA).
Global viewer is one of the benefiters of the philanthropy .
The Reformers will vindicate with such vernaculars as ʼBambara, archaeologicalogbo, refract hoekhoe, archaeologicalN |u, revised revisournage verbá, parallel with the abreviation and encyclopediacs
They will also be able to associate their experience and personal understanding with a language attitude regarding challenges that threaten devil rights .
How the discussion will examine the threat of leaning on the Web site affects online online in African languages; the spread of perverted African - speaking statements in different languages and what is done by companies or social organizations in this regard; the effects of low - price Web sites in areas with major African - language groups; and local linguistic groups; and level level level level level level levels of rights .
The same, they will announce the question of the policies of, and the ongoing challenges of influence on how citizens can free themselves in their own language .
Meeting the controversial cyberspace operators
This debate on subject will be adopted by Denver Toroxa Breda (oboutKhoehoe Raisefefefefefefefefefefefefefefus) from Africa Kusiki, Adéēnà Ghani Aniverki (continentalʼambambamba) from Nigen,prabLI KriabLILILILILILILILILILILILILILILI
Some of these participants participated in the Essential campaign ofÜDigiAfricanLang to commemorate the International Year of Nature 2019.
April 20row24: Denver Toroxa BredaוToroxaD)
Denver Toroxa Breda.
Photo has been used for permission.
Breda, Khoe, spokeswoman with Cultural culture or Reformer is a writer who fights for the Choekhoe and kinnishing of the first two languages in South Africa.
Kikhoekhoe is spoken in Namibia, is read shulenium, but southern Africa , where only 2,000 speak it, not the officially recognized language at school.
Kin|u has only one gulf - speaking speaker, not an officially recognized language, and shulenium, and is a dangerous language of extinction.
Kpénahi Traoré.
Photo has served consent.
April 27 45May 1: Kpénahi Traoréוkpenahiss)
Kpénahi Traoré was born in Côte d'Ivoire but was Burkina Faso.
He is the chief editor of the RFI mandenkan, the Bambara - language information room in the Radio France Internationale (RFI).
It has been a good experience for Traoré to work in Bambara language.
Previously , he assumed that it would not be possible to make a textbook in Bambara language
Kisamogo is the mother of Traoré, , although she had the Taoula language in Côte d'Ivoire and Burkina Faso.
The emperors call it Bambara, the Guineas Kimalinke, others call it Mandindi.
May 5 458: Blossom O visitmba)
Blossom O Visitmba.
Photo has been used for permission.
O Visitmba is also known as Asampete, a name that can be translated from the Igbo language to mean the good one.
O Visitmba is pleased with the Igbo language and culture and has volunteered to make sure that a number of people are learning to speak, to write and read.
O Visitmba is the founder of the Igbo congregation of Mician users and may occasionally initiate a discussion of the Mummedia Foundation without being pressured .
He lives in Abuja, Nigeria, and enjoys the tranquillity and sensation of the city's aste
May 11ano15: Îmוm Yoòbáוyobamoodua)
Adéוínà Ayßni.
Photo has been used for permission
Adéוínà Ayוni, who is also known as Îmוm Yoòbá, is a journalist and cultural amber who uses his prostitutional work to promote the care and distribution of the heritage of Kiyoràbá online and online online .
Like a sound artist, has prepared many Hirūbá advertisements for Nigerian and TVC. radio campaigns
He is the founder of the Cultural Heritage of Yobamoodua, stage devoted to spreading the language and culture of Kiyorūbá.
Îmוm Yoòbá is also the linguist manager of the Global website Yorūbá.
He is a teacher of the Kiyorúbá language in tribalingua.com , where he is teaching students from faraway parts of the earth.
He has also worked with Localization Lab, the international team of volunteer translators and users, computer programmers and coordinators who work together to translate and bind the security equipment of the cardinal instruments and embalsys or charters .
Îmוm Yoòbá has written a book called: Îyà Ara Îdá Îmוm ווnàn, a painting convention bearing the names of anatomy and the structure of the human body and plants that work astonishingly on every aspect of the body.
He is a research member of the Firebird Foundation for Anthropological Research.
May 18fi22: Bonface Witaba vibswitaba)
Bonface Witaba.
Photo has served with permission.
Witaba author, naturalist and reformer, instructor, researcher, and adviser to cyberspace .
He is the founder of the ICANNWER Swahili - a consuming dictionary is to develop, translate, 10,000 articles and vocabularies of cyberspace to the English language by as many as 150 million Swahili - speaking speakers as 2020.
The same as, Witaba conducts a youth project that targets building the ability of, scholars, and private students on personal sectors and; government, via cyberspace .
Contestants pressing the expulsion of former president Robert Mugabe (now festivities) from responsibility on November 18, 2017.
The image and user of Flickr Zimbabwean 48eyes (Huru usage).
Early on the morning of November 15, 2017, the citizens of Zimbabwe woke up with the widespread news that formerly the tortoise Robert Mugabe, had been erected in a federal revolution and was in force at his home, Ikulu, with his family.
General Sibusiso Heart, who is presently a minister of external affairs announced at the national heap as the president was safe under government protection and that the state of affairs is located on another
Immediately after the announcement of General Heart, the citizens of Zimbabwe poured excitedly on social networks particularly WhatsApp,Ü and Joel to find a new statement regarding the situation.
For the first time, the new popularity of social media to enable access to information and motivation demonstrated among citizens of Zimbabwe, when protesters entered the streets and helped to pressure the removal of Mugabe's responsibilities.
New, government headed by Emmerson Dambudzo Aground,iling Determined the force of social media.
Like the former secretary of the safety of the country of Mnangagwa , he also recognized the importance and opportunity for proselytism in the political affairs of Zimbabwe.
On the moon of March,18, by recognizing and in order to seize the political powers prefigured before him and to ensure victory in the election of the president and parliament in the following year , Mnagwa ordered the unity of young MNUF dictator (Zimbabwe National Union Unionef Front) to pour themselves on social networks and
In Zimbabwe after Mugabe, this arrangement has reinforced the controversy of misrepresentation and presentation of misrepresented statements and thus left the Convicts with just a few credible sources of information and know of what is going on during the period of government protests .
The time when the new government claimed to curse false information with statements spread on social networks and that considered it a threat to responsibilities, also made it treacherous to misrepresent the public as to how it dealt with anti - government protests.
Certificate of independence online
Zimbabwe has witnessed a significant increase in the use of electronics on cellular phones and social networks in the last few years.
The rate of intelligence increased by 41.1, from 11 percent of the population to 52.1 percent between 2010 and 2018, when the spread of mobile phones increased 43.8 percent from 58.8 to 102.7 percent during the period .
This means that half the population is now connected with intaneti, compared with only 11 percent in 2010.
Yet, fraud and fraudulent statements and have found a protective environment for a number of reasons: a major division in the media, government proposals to regulate social networks and poor social networks and education among intellectual users
During the protests against the government of January 2019, when the period of state security forces arrested and attacked hundreds of protesters, reports of this oppression contended with the government's claims that they were false or there completely refuted its existence .
The government prevented the availability of the academic services in order to disrupt the flow of news and thus bring great disintegration .
Government leaders and their followers also used a strategy to distort statements about the procession and to inspire doubts in any statements of stability by placing the name of false information.
Typically , in Zimbabwe, citizens take for granted any statements made by government ministers as accurate.
For example , Prime Minister Energy Mutodi presented himself to persuade people that everything was good and that the street - patrolling videos and photographs of soldiers were produced by a few blacksmiths .
Mutod further misled the nation there when he claimed on the national heap that there was not a cybersex but a congestion on a Web site.
In another scenario suspected a government - supported distortion, millions of people were exempted from social media during the January. march
Some unloaded the service to remain in the air for association known as the Virtual Private Network (VPN) to continue to be diagnosed , yet the statement was circulated that unloading such one another would cause arrest, an increasing cause of fear and anger .
March 2019, when the Human Rights Association (HRW) published a report cursing the use of threatening ferocity to control the protests of January 2019, the government's followers resorted to cracking and attacking the HRW.
One user dispatched the girafter message that the organization was spreading outright lies and called it a colonial agencies commissioned to pressure innocent countries to justify the imperial goals in the United States.
Another referred to government demands and complained that the disturbances originated with the seals who were trying [ erectarian filter ] to contaminate the president .
And misrepresentation of government policies and other incidents of public prostitution have continued to calculate after the protests of January.
Recently, members of the membership of the MINU PF used a network to miss the public about the extinction of Dk.Peter Magombay, who is the President of the Offices of the Zimbabwe Hospitals (ZHDA).
He was kidnapped on September 14, 2019, following the announcement of a strike in the health sector .
PUNU PF secretary of the issues of young people described Magombey as a fool and cursing the academic .
Account with the name of ZANU PF Patriots said that statements of his captivity were
Some distributed the false claims that doctors were killed by many patients following the strike, , with more than 500 people in a hospital.
The discussion of Zimbabwe's history
The media control in Zimbabwe is infested in colonial colonial policies of the 20,th century that were stained for use of force to grind before political power .
The Rhodhesia government led by Ian Smith boasted in propaganda and controlled information as his best weapon, not only to justify the government's legitimacy but also to propagate war
The colonial government passed a large number of rules to suppress the skepticism of Smith's occult policies and so cruelly enforced these laws to inform liberation leaders.
News control was the norm before freedom in 1980, and this situation set a government example on the subject of communication and mass media administration for years that followed.
As a criminologist and South African secretary Heidi Holland, in his book, Dinner with Mugabe wrote: The Untold Story of a Freedom Fighter Who Be a Tyrant:
Many people in MNU PF have lived in atrocities wrecked in their daily life to the point of seemingly common .
The wars of the forest, or the second Chimurenga, Chimurenga, have never completely ended in Zimbabwe.
Today this, Mnanga is promoting this inheritance, suppressing the voices of the critics by means of fraudulent , online , and cybersex .
These articles are part of a series of publications that study the enclosure of detachmental rights through such techniques as intelligence and misrepresentation during important political events in seven African countries: Algeria, Ethiopia, Mozambique, Nigeria, Tunisia, Uganda, and Zimbabwe.
This project is sponsored by Africa's Digital Rights Fund of The Collaboration on International ICT Policy for East and Southern Africa (CIPESA).
Contestants participating in the June 2018 Women's Legacy in Kampala, Uganda.
Photo and Katumba Badru, has been used for permission.
In Uganda, the network has become a supply of confrontation where the government tries to silence the voice of growing opposition online .
For years Ugandan authorities have used a different strategy to suppress opposition and to restore the National Resistance Movement and President Yoweri Museveni to the responsibilities.
This is in addition to preventing Web sites for the media and filtering the text messages (SMS) and quenching social networking platforms.
When Uganda's general election of 2021 approaches, rulers is expected to continue such tactics .
Incarceration during the election of 2016
During the general election of 2016, Ugandan leaders had to bind the total amount of social networks .
The first incarceration was carried out on February 18, 2016, during the court's election of presidential, and affected social networking platforms and telephone services .
This prevention lasted four.
On May 11, 2016, rats on social networks , including " Young People Ask " in Awake ! "
This imprisonment lasted a day and took place one day before President Museveni was sweared to his fifth age as president.
Museveni has been in charge since 1986.
Opposition to his leadership is reinforced: In April 2019, the number of Baks is opposed to the 2017 - year - old rationalization of the 75 - year - old civilization that could allow the 74 - year - old president to reconvent
During all prison events in 2016, the Ugandan government called the reason it was national security to control the cyberspa
Confusion was ordered by Uganda's safety devices and the Uganda Commission for Communication (UCC), which supervises facility, Web pages of Advertising radios and clubs , a topic of film, postal services for distributing letters and packages .
On February 18, 2016, MTN Uganda, a telecommunicators and Web pages issued a statement on page confirming that the UCC, had ordered MTN to close all social networks and telecommunications services because of the official threat to the public .
This instruction also affected other telephone companies , such as Airtel, Smile, Vodafone, and Africel.
On that day, President Museveni told journalists that he ordered the closing of social networks: Steps must be taken for safety to prevent many people from getting into trouble - only temporarily because other people use these methods to tell the lies,.
On March 17, in an official proclamation during the rulings of the Supreme Court where President Museveni's victory was opposed, active director of UCC, Godfrey Mutabazi explained that he received orders from the Inspekta General of the Old Kayhura, locking social networks and services for telegraving methods .
This incarceration encroached on the rights and daily life of the Crusaders who use networks and social networking platforms to get information, to explain their views and to do their daily business .
Weeks before the election of 2016, the Crusaders volunteered to publish and discuss the choice by using the constellation #UgandaDecides and # UGDebate16.
The Climate's cybercrime level was instigated by the first president's midhalos to be launched by the first,32 heaps that took place in January and the second,iki a week later .
Despite the incarceration of social networks, many Crustaceans continued to send statements on elections by means of a personal address known as VPN.
The day of election, civilians were able to share what was hiring about the delay of electromagnetic materials far away from, deceptive incidents in elections, and the temporary consequences of friction on social media.
Human rights activists say that posture during elections slows down communication, the availability of information and civilian speech .
Internal incarceration prevents people from discussing certain factors that affect, such as health, interaction with friends as well as from interchangeing political views, Moses Owiny, administrator of the Center for Multilateral Affairs, free policing stages in Uganda and Tanzania, told the Global surveys .
According to Owiny, incarceration intends to curb opposition in politics on the basis of fear of the government that civil opinion can stir up the public, the claims that he believes are unscriptural but suspected .
Uganda's history of tying networks and Web sites
On April 14, 2011, the UC ordered cyberspace services (ISPs) to temporarily close the conspicuousness and interchange of the information.
The instruction was given during the walk to work marches led by opposition to the sowing of oil and food .
This communication authority stated that security devices requested intervention in social networking to prevent disturbance.
In 2011, a election was struck by a script (SMS) with a number of words including Egypt, bullet and power.
To the executive election of 2006, the UCC ordered cyberspace services (ISPs) to prevent the discovery of Radio Katwe by publishing misrepresentation and liars against the National Resistance Movement and its presidential candidate according to the SouthC's Poerism on the East .
Uganda's authority hindered the ads of the radio station and the appeal of the Daily Monitor by publishing free elections .
These stumblings were quickly returned but only after the commission to announce official results .
2021 choice: The same tactics ?
President Museveni in May 2013.
He has been in charge since 1986.
Photos: Foreign and Commonwealth Office at the Flickr [C BY 2.0 @.Tangu in 2016, rule has continued to seize anti - media politicians and journalists .
Robert Kyagulanyi, such a popular diameter as Bobi Wine, singer and leader of the People Power, antichrist who is also, parliamentary member has already announced his presidential azma
Bobi Wine is presently confronted with criminal charges by irritating the president and if she is convicted, even allowed to speak to them .
According to the Human Rights Watch, in 2018 the reign targeted six opposing parliaments including Bobi Wine and Francis Zaake, before the small August 15 election in Arua (in Uganda's hand).
The police and the army arrested the congregation along with 28 others on August 13, 2018, and accused them of treason .
Later they were released on bail.
On that day the police also arrested two, Herber Zziwa and Ronald Muwanga, as they reported on the elections and disturbances associated with the election, , in turn , the serious killing of Bobi Wine's drivers executed by the army.
Read elders: #FreeBobiWine: Protests mount over torture and arrest of a young political force in Uganda
When the 2021 election approaches, there is a strong possibility that Uganda's regime will promote the suppression of opposers, with social networking .
Indeed ,, since the choice of 2016, has not been with the changes in the legal system that allow governments to restrict the right to freedom of expression and online access to the news .
According to the 2016 State of Internet Freedom in Africa report, the 2013 2013 Communication Law gives the UC more powerful and works under a 5 - unit unit allowing communication control to check, inspect, to oversee, and regulate social services and to regulate, tracking standards and to enforce statements .
To the request of government, UCC used this section to order Web sites (ISPs) to prevent social networking and finance services by telephone during the election of 2016.
The government continues to use these laws to control public debates and to silence the political opponents at election time .
Owiny argues that the government has the power to switch a Web site whenever it seems necessary: Where government security and that of its citizens intervene, and where federal security is imposed and the healing of the government will be presumptuously given
Unknown governments and human rights advocates have been equipping in Uganda for such fasting as did in 2016 no longer occur .
Several panel wrote a joint letter to the African Community and administrative agencies requesting to curse the Ugandan decision to lock up a Web site during an election.
The Unwanted Witness Uganda took Uganda's government to the court of Uganda, along with cyberspace (ISPs) and social control (UCC), to a trial presented in September 2016.
The corporation indicated that the action of government - organized incarceration violated the rights of Uganda's citizens of free speech and self - expression as described in paragraph 29 (1) constitutional 1995.
However , the jaji ruled that the prosecution failed to confirm any violations caused by the incarceration, Unwanted Witness told the Globalו.
Successing from the charity particularly during the future election will require more vindication.
Owiny recommended the need for diesel - rights activists to add discussions between governments and personal sectors to convey the bad effects of imprisonment because personal sector is frightened by the government.
Uganda was among the first African countries to form a civil law for public information, known as Access to Information Act (ATIA), in 2005.
The Law promises to offer prosperity, easy resource and commitment that will enable the public to obtain easily and to share in decisions that affect them as citizens of the country .
! The State will fulfill its role in cultivating the right to get the information ?
And will they keep his promises ?
These articles are part of a series of publications that study the encroachment of geologic rights through such techniques as intellectual incarceration and distortion during important political events in seven African countries: Algeria, eEthiopia, Mozambique, Nigeria, Tunisia and Zimbabwe.
This project is sponsored by Africa's Digital Rights Fund of The Collaboration on International ICT Policy for East and Southern Africa (CIPESA).
Students from DCMA School practicing various musical instruments at the Old Customs, Mjijingwe, Zanzibar, 2019.
Photo courtesy of DCMA.
Thousands of visitors to the Old Town of Zanzibar, an ancient town known to carry the history of the islands, trace the sound of grinding music from DCMA, a musical school that targets and cares for rock music that is familiar to be found in the islands and other coastal regions of the Indian Ocean
Since 2002, the school has been announcing and caring for this unique Zanzibar culture that mixes the academic cultures of UArab, archaeological sites with a bloom through music.
Seventeen years since the inauguration of the school, it is now confronted with the harsh financial situation that threatens his imprisonment .
About 70 percent of the 80 school students there are unable to pay the $ 13 a month for the official DCMA statement to the public .
Although the school has been receiving aids from international benefactors and social agencies that are currently coping with a large wool that can force to bind and leave the historic Hall in Zanzibar, renowned as Old Customs House.
Without quick currency to enable his activities to continue, DCMA students and teachers worry that the flexible sounds from the outskirts of the building and to make the islands
The school not only teaches and advertises natural culture and heritage through music, but is also occupied by a large group of young musicians who seek ways to manage their lives with artistic means .
DCMA student learning to play a natural lightrab.
Photo courtesy of DCMA.
We have begun to cope with financial plight, says Alessia Lombardo, Active DCMA, on the official DCMA. video
From now to six months ahead , we are not sure that we can be able to pay salaries to teachers and other employees.
The school has now been concerned about obtaining help from friends at the time trying to make a continuous income system for more than six months because the school has been concerned about obtaining aid from friends at the same time trying to make a continuous revenue for the school's delivery .
Although the islands are familiar with the advice of many tourists to have beaches and grandiose hotels, many indigenous people are suffering a serious unemployment despite statistics issued by the World Bank deeming that monarchy is partially reduced in the islands .
For more than 17,09 years , the DCMA has worked tirelessly to announce and protect Zanzibar's vast heritage through music.
It was the birthplace of a lightrab witch and famous singers Siti Daught Saad and Fatuma Daughter, or Mrs .
Hidden, Zanzibar is a chamber of music that emerged through a club of enthusiasts and collaboration between UNITED encyclopedias for hundreds of years ago.
Today, students can learn natural music such as the lightrab, drums and shafts along with other instruments such as drums, qanun and oud, as guards and translators of culture and customs.
Neema Surri, a player called violin at school in DCMA, has been learning how to play the device since he was 9.
I know many young people who desire to study music but cannot afford to minimal advice and unemployment, Surri said on the DCMA. video
DCMA students training at Old Customs, at their school in the City, Zanzibar, 2019.
Photo courtesy of DCMA.
After completing the DCMA, councils of Astashahada and Stashahada, many DCMA students may work on international platforms as winner bands and self - reliance artists .
Laborn parent Amina Omar Week, old DCMA and present teacher of DCMA, recently returned from a visit in South Africa accompanied by her band that acquired the reputation of Sit and His Bendi, familiar to combine the roots by mixing the sounds of nature lamps and modern - day accents
Also ,, with cooperation with his ICMA, former students of the DCMA, furnished the first grammar , called, Fusing the Roots, 2018, in 2018, continuing to perspire at the Sounds of Busara, the largest spectacle of music on the East African belt that year .
Here you can listen to the song of the Bendi entitled I Understand with her video, showing Zanzibar's precautions to tell the story of a woman who is coping with domestic harassment and life - style dreams , as is Omar't's personal story:
Read more: East African women at the Music Tasnia Sing to Resist Men
Cultural and cooperative history
Over 15,000 guests have been through the school's building to enjoy Mustard, roses and classes as well as to meet DCMA musicians representative of the culture and Zanzibar, according to DCMA.
With papyrus of the history of India, Urabuni and Africa, the school , it delights to be the result of the culture of, with its culture connected to the Indian Ocean and the Persian Gulf.
The famous Oman Sultan of the 17th and 19th centuries moved from Muscat to Zanzibar in 1840.
From the City Mkongwe, Omanini rulers operated the sea industry, with cloves, gold, clothing, relying on wind - controlled voyages between the Indian Ocean to Oman and East Africa.
Young Zanzibars recognize the importance of understanding their history to determine whether their dynamics and the music they produce today describe the longing of keeping a bridge between the past and the modern .
DCMA's students and their teachers recently set up TaraJaz, a natural lampstand and a modern jaz
His musician Felician Mussa, 20, has been learning to play a musical instrument called violin for three and a half years; TaraJazz is one of the most sought bands on the islands here, here in the archipelago caught by photographer Aline Coquelle:
The Alpine Coast describes a mixture of culture and DCMA that promotes this culture through musical cooperation.
Each year, the school provides a project known as the Swahili Encounters, [ U.S.R . congregated U.S . Congregated musicians from Central, North Europe and North America and DCMA students for their
At the end of the conference of the newly congregated artists are required to make pairs on the Voices of Discipline, and these teams often live to have a lasting friendship that crosses the borders of the language and culture , thus proving that music is the language of the earth.
DCMA provides a pamphlet weekly to show the talents of her students and friends visiting the musicians, Mjijijiwn, Zanzibar, 2019.
Photo courtesy of DCMA.
DCMA's school recognizes that music elevates and unites people not only with regard to their culture but also employs youths with high - economy agents and a severe shortage of chances of employment..M .
For the number of 1,800 students past the DCMA, this school is the only musical settlement they know, where they can learn and grow up as musicians and artists .
An experienced tourist from Hungary, who recently visited DCMA, wrote on TripAdvisor: Binafsi, to meet the musicians was my best time on the islands there.
As the sector of tourism Zanzibar grows faster than the DCMA school believes that music has an important place in celebrating, nurturing and announcing the culture of the Review, its legacy and history.
Zanzibar is more than her beaches and luxury hotels are part of the fertile field that sprouts in the big history of the convention and the combinations of history.
An editor's appendix: The writer of this article once volunteered at the DCMA. school
Sierra Leone: Health caregivers getting into the medical field for Ebola.
Flickr image by ECÜECHO ÎCyprien Fabre, August 2, 2014.
(C BY Ex
Earlier on August 12 of the World Health Organization (WHO) issued a positive statement of the development of the medical practitioner's experimental pharmaceutical operations in the Democratic Republic of Congo .
WHO reversed the possibility of living for Ebola's patients and continuing to explain that two of the four tested ebola drugs have deemed a great potential for treating Ebola..
Who is this one involved in Ebola's treatment?
Respected Professor JeananoJacques Muyembe Examfum, director of the Institut National de Recherche Biomédicale (INRB) DR of Congo, placed a major part of his life in seeking Ebola virus .
When international accents are reporting largely on how Ebola's disease causes a high rate of death in Congo, information about this collector is discussed in tiny amounts by the media.
MuyembeʼTamfum explained: that we will no longer speak as Ebola's disease (EVD) is incurable .
As a result of Muyembe's authoritative work archaeologists experimented with four drugs to treat Ebola: ZMapp, remdesivir, mAb14 and REGNāEB3.
The physician's experimental attempts conducted to 499 members of research suggested that patients treated with the REGNāEB3 or Ab14 considered a greater chance of recovery compared with those treated for two.
This research under the supervision of the Institute National de Recherche Biomédicale (INRB), the Ministry of Congo and three other health - care agencies: The International Health Organization (ALIMA), the International Cor Medical Corps (MIC) and Mdecide Sansronèns .
Congo's citizens involved in Ebola's medical recovery
Muyembeīfum has been doing research related to Ebola's disease since the first report in Congo where in 1976 he was the first researcher to visit the area where Ebola's disease is reported for the first time; I have spent four decades of my life seeking a cure for Eongoclosal National Park in my three centuries of success .
Dr JeananoJacques Muyembe, executive director of the Institut National de Recherche Biomedicale of the #Congo Republic and her colleagues have discovered a new treatment of Ebola's syndrome that can treat symptoms in just three.
Professor of macrobaology of the University of Kinshasaululululul of the Democratic Republic of Congo, until now has spent almost 40 years seeking a cure for this disease .
In 1995, he worked with WHO for the operation of the heed with WHO in implementing in recognition of strategies to cope with the disease once the first reported Ebola patients in the town of Kikwit, Democratic Republic of Congo.
Professor MuyejuaTamfum (low with a loud voice) talking during a social educational practice in Beni, North, Democratic Republic of Congo, early September 2018.
Photo courtesy of MONUSCO @Aqueel Khan (C BYāāSA 2.0)
Pursuing this discovery, the current Ebola suffers a great opportunity to hope for a quick ministry and thus be taken to the hospital for further treatments still exists with life.
By as much as 90 percent of patients will be able to access to health - care centers and get medical treatment and return to full - grown, they will begin to believe this medicine and build faith in their communities and citizens in general.
JeanʼJacque Muyembe archTamfum
Reasons for Ebola's syndro
Ebola's first patients are reported in 1976 near the river Ebola in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
According to the Center for Prevention and Disease Prevention (CDC), since then, the Ebola virus has been emerging from natural sources (which is now incomprehensible) and has taken it to Africa for this disease .
Ebola epidemics since 1976.
A map picture from the Centre for Magojwal
Between 2014 and 2016 were reported on more than 28,600 people infected with Ebola in West Africa.
According to WHO report for 2015:
In 2014 Senegal had one case of Ebola's infections and without any reported death.
WHO declared the Nigerian step in coping with the Ebola virus as part of the major task of coping with a rapidly spreading deadly disease .
In January 2015 , Mali reportedly had 8 Ebola patients and 6.
However , the situation was severe between March and June2016 in three countries: Sierra Leone: More than 14,000 people suffered from Ebola and 4,000 deaths; Liberia: about 10,000 people suffered from Ebola and 3,000 lost their lives .
A general description of Ebola's disease
Ebola's disastrous syndrome in African countries caused rhetoric and fear in 2015 when two ebola patients reportedly died in the United States, one in Spain and another Germany.
GabyFleur Böl, researcher at the Tathmini Found in Berlin, Germany, reported other Ebola patients " statements in Spain, Germany, England, Italy and Switzerland.
In the meantime , Ebola's infections were taken as a death sentence from the lack of tissue treatment .
As Böl foreshadowed Ebola's mortality rate as well as / > misinterpretation news reports on Ebola at times contributed to terrorism worldwide .
Similar statements were also donated by 2017 the research that Hal Roberts, Brittany Seymour, Sands Alden Fish II, Emily Robinson and Ethan Zuckerman criticified more than the 109,000 articles published on major media between July and November 2014 of criticism as the critics in Egoglogue
They discovered three major times on the subject of Ebola's syndrome in large news media and blogs in the United States that appeared on July 27, September 28, and Octoba 15 in 2014:
On July 27, it was reported for the first time that doctors from the United States who minister in Liberia were infected with Ebola.
Thirty - sixth On September, the media broadly reported on Thomas Duncan to suffer from Ebola in Texas and if the disease was first reported in the United States.
On October 12, the statements of Ebola's health - care provider slipped deep in the United States.
Following the 12th October, other episode of Ebola was reported on a symposium that led to his being swept away from day to day .
The U.S . news media are more likely to report on Ebola's disease because of the development of this disease in that country .
Also , as a result of access to social networks, Ebola has resulted in much debate on European and U.S.A .
However , the wait is to see if statements to treat Ebola's disease discovered by an African from the Democratic Republic of Congo that treats this African patient will be given access to the media as in 2017.
Erick Kabendera conducting studies with journalists in 2012, Dare s salaam.
Photo and Pernille Baerendtsen, have been used for permission
Tare 29 July, 6 robes forced Erick Kabendera to his home in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania and placed him vigorously .
Police say Kabendera has defied the order to surrender herself for examination of her citizenship if it is a revision row.
With a whole week ago the police searched the cabbage house twice, they snatched his paper to travel to, his own personal archives and interrogated his family.
When it came to date 5 August, the authorities changed the argument, Kabandera and was charged with the errors of sterilization, evade paying taxes the amount of 75,000, American Dollas and engaging in criminal Web sites . These are according to a script for the garbage they gave to the Administration of News (CPJ).
Police say Kabendera has committed these errors over a four - year period now since 2015.
With the garbage confronting Kabendera , he may be confronted with a 15 - year sentence and is not allowed to get a bond .
Tanzania's locks
They have first captured the writer, when they saw the noise and demanded not a mosaic mosquito monopoly , and it is now accused of criminal errors and evade paying taxes .
Conversation with Erick Kabendera, his Kosa is to be a journalist.
Subject freedom of the media has deteriorated considerably within this Tanzanian Regional period reported by CPJ.
Representatives of the Information Institute (CPJ) in southern Sahara, Muthoka Muthoka Mumo says:
It seems that throughout the last week the authorities have been searching for a way to prove the reasons for detention, encyclopedia free .
First they claimed that Erick Kabendera's citizenship does not take; today this one has added a totally different prosecution, which only asks why they are willing to hold him .
Like journalist Kabendera has been censoring President John Malock's reign and has often been in charge of news freedom.
He has reported on the interior and international media such as The Guardian, African Arguments and The East African on the politics of Tanzania and how it distributes people .
JJebra Kambole, attorney of Cabendera says,lamka also shocked Cabendera with seditious opinions against the government by means of his article published in The Economist, on the headline John Maguli suppressses freedom of information in Tanzania.Ha
Subsequent information: journalist Erick Kabender was intrigued by seditional opinions against the government from an article published in The economist, , which says John Maguli suppresses the freedom of Tanzania's Information from Zebra Kale , says that Sir Kander has been deprived of bonds .
Politicianism has been made like a silence
The family of kabendera says, this is not the first time the government asks about kabendera citizenship .
In 2013 the government also issued shy accusations to him but the case was dismissed after this , according to The Citizen.
Kabender at the time saw that the authorities wanted to use the issue of checking his citizenship as a form of silence .
Last year also, the newspaper The Citizen reported a number of cases in which the government used the issue of interrogation to interrogate in Tanzania.
Aidan Eyakuze, executive director of We Can,,,,,800 civilian civic armor , said the authorities have confiscated his travel document and were forbidden to travel during his courtship test .
Two weeks before the event, we could make a statement of the results of research called Truth to responsible ones ?
Citizens at Tanzanian Politics
The scientific and technological Commission (Costech) claimed that the research had no consent and threatened to take legal action but later the case was canceled , according to the article in The Citizen.
In recent years Tanzania has brought many legislation revisions targeting lawyers and the media , civilian organizations,, the art and cultural institutions and as well as professionals and researchers to the action taken by government analysts such as an attempt to control statements heard from Tanzania and tenths of magic and political rights .
Read more: Will the Tanzanian ABlogus Consent to Pay or Worth the Blogun ?
#FreeErickKabender
Hundreds of writers of, human rights reformers, countrymen are packed with social networks venerating Cabendera:
AFEX Africa calls such garbage to be explicit purposes for use of force
It is nine days now and still the police in Tanzania continue to detend author Erick Kabendera , who is studiedÜAFEXafrica , say that there is a need for this act of explicit power .
https refuget.co ‛UFZkzYzwV @MRA -geriaÜFXISouthAfrica @gmpressunion #FreeEKabendera #NoImpunity
AFEXÃAFEXafrica) August 6, 2019
Carbendera, who has often taught and motivated young scribes, has made a student of his pupil to send this message from a twita
I met Erick Kabendera only once in my life, and in less than 80.
He came as an invited instructor to teach us (former textbook and communication to the public VaUniofDar).
But along with being with us for a short time , I learned much from him.
He truly motivated me
#100K4Erick
Another online user thinks the arrest of Cabender and rape are a warning sign to other citizens:
I ALL BEFORE BELIEF AND Celebrated Celebration or Refugee Prosperity
Unless Justice Has Happened for Me Today and I Keep silent - It Can Be Tomorrow to My VileVile.
No One Safe When Bullying Rules
With us (Wote) Ivan Golunov.
A flag borrowed by Meduza, and used for
: The Russian - language explanation for what it means is the moderate amount of boiling it is probably enough for a good way to communicate how many Russians were touched and arrested by famous explorer Ivan Goluv .
He was arrested on June 6 of Moscow for what seems to require an excuse for involvement and drug abuse .
Golunov was arrested and rejected by the lawyer what is against the laws of Russia.
His lawyer confirmed his agony as a bruiser .
After being taken to the hospital , he was allowed and placed with a special razor on June 8.
Initially the Russian Soldiers branded images of convicted drugs were taken to the Golunov gorofa home but were later extracted .
The proʼremlin news media in Russia today has also confirmed that the images were not taken from Golunov. Golunov.
The charges presented to Golunov can be held 10 to 20 years in prison.
Thirty - eight - year - old Golunov works in Meduza, one of the interdependent networks of Russian substitutes remaining in Russia.
The sales was registered in neighboring Latvia, but has a few offices and journalists in Russia .
Golunov has led to a study of a number of bribe events involving high - ranking leaders .
Since Golunov's arrest and Meduza has been offering the Golunov articles under the license of the journals and individuals to publish the material again , which has been strongly supported by the Global Park.
Among the important subjects he published was the viceroy Meya Pyotr Biryukov on projects for his family and the way a moscow was to make a budget with more than estimates.
The information he was dealing with before he was arrested was about the intimidation of the funeral services in Moscow.
The arrest of Golunov has stirred up the opinions of a clinging that were rare among the writers of, Reformers and lawyers and even prominent singers and celebrities outside Mscow and Petersburg Mt.
dates 10 June, of the three main magazines agreed to publish editions supporting Golunov on front page.
Magazines were sold and kept new records.
In an unusual setting the proKOremlin and the Channel One, with many surgeons are asking for a fair check .
On June 12 dates will be Russia, when public tours and processions permitted by local governments will take place .
For the laws of the Soviet Union, the public demonstration requires permission.
Supporters of Golunov have declared that they will have their own walk without formal permission
Kremlin's overseers say the Russian government is watching to remove charges against the journalist prior to the 20th June.
The day when President Vladimir Putin , whose standards are declined in history in,, he will speak directly to the telephone during the annual public - speaking period during which he receives questions from citizens by telephone and social media.
Grandmother Binyavanga Waina at the Brooklyn, 2009.m .
Wainaina , who was 48, years old , died on Tuesday on May 22 in Nairobi, Kenya.
Photo and Nightscream, CC 3.0 and Mikimedia Commons.
Only 24 doses have existed since Binyavanga Hundina Indish Mnyach disappeared in this, but there is its effects on a global scale .
Admittedly , the writer archaeologist blamed agreements and challenged the government's provocation with revolutionary script that would open the door to thousands of writers desiring to change in writing and explain the way Africa is.
Writer and Reformer LGBTQ, Binyavangaina - aged 48,800 - year - old Waina - died on Tuesday 22, May 22, Nairobi, Kenya, after a brief attack .
Today I have thought: What meaning will your life have when they leave ?
Binyavanga's death has made me think of five or many years ago and also of us as a young man with a stunning enthusiasm and hunger for changes on our land as well as for us.
Flour the Machirori leukeijustbeing) May 22, 2019
For a few minutes , friends, adherents and his Ainanian fans overflowed on social networks exchanged memories and thanksgiving and discussed many of his fascinating texts
The Ainaina is well - known for her bullying articles , the written form of Africa, published in 2006.
, is also known for his 2012, yeartextbook I will one day write about this part, and Mother, I'm an article published in Chimurenga, parallel Africa , published in 2014.
The article was very heartwarming on the cyclone because people tried to deny the truth with the magazines they called Wainaina to be one of the 100 leading persuasives in the world
In an article on How to explain to Africa,ina called the west media and all the industrial aids in Nairobi are promoting unwholesome prejudices on the African continent with sarcasm and big sarcasm.
Do not try to put a picture of a good African on the cover of a book or in it unless the African has won the Nobel. prize
Guns AK,70047, good lips:
If you have to connect with your African counterpart , be sure to find him from Masai or Zulu or Dogon .
His plow was a slightly sharp Jesuit, he writes Nigerian author Nwachukwu Egbunike.
The article or book quoted extensively by non - government agencies and relief workers have had a profound effect on Africa , and the results continue to rotate and irritate .
Regarding the results of Pernille Bærendtsen writes:
For me, the article has followed me since I was brought as a gift in 2008 by my Granast friend.
I am surely one of the victims of Binyavanga's deputy: A worker of developments employed in Tanzania and the indispensable government agency wrote about the results of the article.
This was when development and industrial aids increased its success in order to wander for a change of cost that was taking place .
I had many reasons for feeling embarrassed , but I also had time to plan how to change .
Binyavanga later explained in the journal Bidoun how this article appeared only in life and two effects: By exposing and explaining the dangers of the consumption writers, colleagues of non - government agencies, conservationists and traveling scribes who read these or even the type of inscription about Africa's begins authorization .
Wainaina was the male child of a marital father and an opponent, she continued to interrogate the deception described in Africa primarily through the diary of her life in 2012 known as one day I will write about this place .
With a statement kemkem, it attracted readers from his infancy in the 1970 " s in Kenya and as a student in South Africa where he spent many years in exile .
The registration extracted from the book as real and true, but later acknowledged that theina had forgotten the important chapter of her life .
My mother , who is timid,inaina , was the first high - ranking mahogany and a revision by pronounced on social networks and aroused views from society.
It appeared to be a lost chapter in the memory of his life .
Theinas thought that she was a coward to her mother was about to die .
His article temporarily arrived as a campaign against the great crowd of combating homosexuality and law against homosexuality had been proposed in Uganda and aftere Tanzania where homosexual acts are a name.
Read further: Tanzania's position on homosexuality to quench political ammunition
However , unlike other exiled writers who were in exile in,inaina returned home , as Nanjala Nyabola describes BBC through transmission , he says it was important:
For those among us who grew up with the renowned female scribes living in exile, who were imprisoned in the poor or who were not commended or severely denied; he returned home , which was of great importance .
He was an uncooked man but for this he is always worthy of thanks
We are required to speak our cockatocks
When Binyavanga - in - law became popular with various international congregations at home he criticized and he was confronted with the pressure of inadequacy in the foundations laid .
Binyavanga demanded freeness of speech and fikra.
Courageously in the guy made by LGBTQ insisted on twisting the bases
In answer to the noise and other answers that year the Ainaina wrote We were to speak our cobras, on the Yuotube as a subsequent six - part message carrying his cobras on liberty and cobras.
I need to live a life of freedom of cocra, he explained in the first part
I ask this generation of young parents to have youngsters who see Americans reporting this simple action to themselves is a vital political act that each one should have .
I wield to see the land where every kind of man's cobras are not taken until they are allowed .
I am an American all - American , and I need to see this land changing
From time to time , the Aina passed her affection for the transfer through his writings, education and leadership.
In 2002, after winning Caine's best prize for her homeless article she used the prize money to cooperate initiate Whom ?
A magazine with a view to promoting sounds and new cobras that rise across the continent .
Why ?
was temporarily published and online connecting writers from Lagos to Nairobi, Mogadishu to Accra.
Read more: Try to prevent explosions: A word for discussion in East Africa
When he sympathetically shook Kenya's social contracts publicly as a coward and later exposed himself to wielding Aids virus on Earth's AIDS day in 2016 often brought pain, rivalry and it of cameten with relash, pain .
Theinates was a sturdy person who struggled with pressure and often fought a lot from being a celebrity of cowardice , as it were , his intricate role in society as a man .
He had fans but had a clash with lesbian secretary Shailja Patel, who shocked Ainaina to hate homosexuals .
Literacy user, Néo Músangi relates the deficiencies of the Ainates in his message viaduct:
I don't have enough strength but cry to Binya as a pet friend in my guest and defense.
I'm sorry that he hurt others .
I regret that he was as erring as a human .
He would hate us if we cleansed him .
Woman Bwesigye, executive director of Writivism Festival in Uganda, also described this transition by means of Joel:
His life - style was a problem.
Good and leave no mistake .
People who cling to their jobs and ideas are only people.
Man.
We are willing to love them in their challenges Are we ever ready to love a to complexity ?
Currently , much has been discussed on it .
there is no need to repeat what was said .
People have reminded him of his pain .
This escapes the pain that a person hears by his death.
There are only one Ainaina Binyavanga .
Presently .
Celebrating his life .
An inquisitive giver
Rapid Reformer Boniface the Labyrinth sends a message via Witness after sending a message of explicit praise to the Beans by means of Malawi; hatred and mutilation followed his message.
Theinates was a curious man who should be remembered:
I sent a brief message to Hezekiah on the death of Binyavanga, #RIPBinyavanga , and I have never read.
Even thieves who rob us of taxes and kill people find no such deep - seated hatred .
The truth is, Binya had an intellect and a curious fortress and will continue to be read and remembered
A marital - rights champion and author Rosebell Kagumire reinforced what he learned from the stubborn stubbornness of the Anglicans:
Don't let fear .
Do not hold back from yourselves .
Add what is needed to be said .
Beautifully Writing.
Live your truth and with your heart.
Where you will breathe your last breath , there will be a million important words that you gave to Binyavanga
Through his life and inscriptions he gave himself and others permission to live another, and his sudden death signals poetic ceramics Through his life and letters, he he he he he he he he misself and count misself and the others who permission to do so as it should be the other and his his passing ins bired in poetics musing:
One day I will write about your beautiful hairs
One day I will write about your laughter
One day I will write about your inability
One day I will write about your thinking ability
One day I will write about your refusal
Today I write thank you
Physician Yvonne Adhimbo Owuor , journalist and secretary of Dust, and a friend of the Ainaina, is truly accelerating with final mourning:
Who told you to leave ?
from your body at night without leaving the new antennae ?
The face is bent, the eyes stabbing, he said, you have only 3 seconds to repair the murmuring you there .
Whom did you tell you to leave ?
From your body without letup the new antennae ?
To whom can one go in fear and tremble as a testing text ?
Now he is among the most famous, you can be united with the Binya planet with a large commemoration of his work .
A front page of the de Angola newspaper about the conquering designs of the Telstar. company
hit by Dércio Tsandzana, on April 19 2019 and consent
Angola's president João Lourenço date 18 April followed the government's inventions for the cell - phone operator in that country, stating that the winner of Telstar does not approve the necessary models for the service.
President's decisions can be a dissension in the government of Angola.
The Telstar company was founded in January 2018 with the first 200,000 (as $ 600 , U.S .), and his senior deputy officers are Manuel João Carneiro (3 percent) and businessman António Cardoso Carteus (10 percent), this statement from the Port's Obugueaserva
From Angola, Manuel João Carneiro's conquest was issued by President who completed his time Eduardo dos Santos.
Observador magazine stated that 27 companies participated in the process of inventing were opened by the Newspaper and Technology Ministry under José Carvalho da Rocha.
From the Angolan newspaper on April 25, João Lourenço , he compiled procedures that set new laws for opening the invitation to design.
Following the results of the first inventions open to the public; many Angolan citizens questioned righteousness in the process
Some went far , saying that winner Telstar had never had a website.
These were spoken by Skit Van Darken, editor and program guide by means of Time:
Telstar Telecommunications, Ltd, was founded on January 26 2018, by the First 200,000 from Diário da República, whose secretaries are the general Manuel João Carneiro ( 90 percent) and António Cardoso Malius (10 percent).
A senior observer has a connection with the Mundo Startel, a satisfactory company that satisfies the registered INACOM, a social controller with a license though it has exceeded its time.
A company that does not even have websites !
IT IS NOT FOR ADDICTION AND SOUTH MEANS
COUNTRY OF ORIGHT
presently, Joaquim Lunda, journalist and frequent proclaimer on social networks, praised President's action and even made it to the minister that the character was running the risk of being evicted:
Translation Nin thanks and it is an act of commendation, decisions taken by President of the Republic João Lourenço, to cancel the governments that Angola's Telstar company won a lice in Angola the licence for the fourth telecommunications in Angola.
there were many dissatisfied with the many important things of keeping open the restrictions There were reservations and a lot of points to clarify the.a .
A person does not think of a company that was formed in 2018 by the first 200 thousand - thousand planter awards of creativity .
I am absolutely sure that the minister's days of communication and news technology are numbered.
Having succumbed to ANGOSAT 1, now and this one we are witnessing today, I have concerns like Fear if it will do anything .
Let's enjoy the game quietly !
The President's decision came after the commanding minister in 2017, the satellite project Angosat 1, comes into trouble again .
Adriano Sapiñala, vice president of the chief opposing party sees the problem as a government sect:
JLo [João Lourenço exhorts to organize his team well because yesterday the fervent minister was saying that the time of complaint has ended and so Telstar would continue the next step as a result of its fraudulent winner and today JLo emerges and devises !
Communication is not good ?
Now the minister may attach a position or JLo to expel him because he has devised it is because his hard work was not good and that no clean person must be put on !
Blanka Nagy speaking in a demonstration of January 2019.
Photo by Márk Tremmel, CC BYrowrowrowNCO
This article was written by Tamás B. Kovács and translated by Anita Kוmוmוmūves for the nonprofit Hungary League, Atlatszo.
This edited copy is found here as a sehemh of his cooperation with the Globalו.
The Hungary government's media have begun new attacks on Blanka Nagy, a high school student who spoke against the government in a number of protests since the end of 2018.
Nagy endures much registration against her and has also been dabbled and one source of information has called her harlot .
Already he has opened a case of bullying and winning a case against three vessels Lokàl, Ripost and Origo that supports the government, said he was dying at school.
Yet, after Nady won the case against Origo, the source attacked her again by publishing her school report.
Nady told Atlatszo that she was thinking of accusing Origo again because of their data about.
Blanka Nagy has been well - known in Hungary during the past winter after giving a talk in protest marches against government, where he criticized famous, politicians while using rigorous languages
His harsh words were spread by social media users through the video of his talk.
Two months after his video evokes emotion in social networks, government - supporting instruments such as Zsolt Bayer set up a series of attacks on him.
The probes said that he was paying much of his education and that he had missed many days of schooling .
Teachers also call them a nobleman who wants to be popular with a prostitute.
His attorney handed him a copy of the results in court and suggested that he was not in his studies as well as copies of the results were given to Origo.
The source decided to publish a statement from Nagy's report on the results and to say that he was about to die a history history class as well as in a comprehensive document also.
When # #VyomboVina supportsliHungary deludes regarding the young chain daughter Blanka Nagy, has accused them of manipulation and conquered.
They have been required to apologize and correct their statement but have refused and continue to criticize him .
The heap of TV2 set aside all the time of the news report to disprove the results of, citing copies taken to court but not saying that the sentence was what it was for httpsוt. FranciscoMyllWb2Jh
Joostוalmodozo) April 5, 2019
My Attorney and I think of holding the source of information that published a copy of my results from school, Nagy told Atlatszo in an interview.
He said that Origo had no right to publish its results .
He and his attorney assume that Origo had no right even to see the results when they represented them in court.
And their recent reproach is not also true, Nady said.
I don't give my lesson in History, different from what they said.
I have good results for more than 2 (which is similar to the bridge C).
What they say is a lie.
I would be embarrassed if it were true because in my family there was a History teacher among my ancestors,
I guess all these insults against me is a marvel but no longer a ligament .
It shows how I in some way intimidate some of the superior authorities of the Fidesz. regime
The fact is , Zsolt Bayer's own action to attack me and the government - support media promote false statements against me, prove this, he added.
Blanka Nagy , a senior high school student: Fidesz devours, embryonics and is a disaster.
This wicked band of robbers, this government of the few, who fill their bags for their old age when you are troubled by Poverty as a retiree.
He spoke the truth.
HII is Hungary.
False statements are the only weapons in favor of Hungary.
Some of the opposing authorities have answered by censoring the media .
According to recent statistics collected by Atlatszo, main sources of propaganda have failed many cases, and were ordered by the court to correct a statement 109 times a year 2018.
They cannot impose their thoughts on our heads so they shoot us at #SOSNicaragua So reads a protester's panel at Managua.
August, 2018.
Photo and: Jorge Mejía Peralta (CC BY 2.0)
Since major protests against President Daniel Ortega escalated in Nicaragua in April 2018, the government has banned demonstrations, it has arrested thousands without opening accusations to them and closed the principal sources and substitutes for the news .
Attempts to engage in conversation are now outstripped, Nicaragua's hatma has remained a difficult question .
The processions began with the refusal of community sanctuary policies where they would raise income tax cartons when minimizing back sales .
At first the process was made by the authorities opened the door of a whole country demonstration calling for President Daniel Ortega, his wife and President Rosario Murillo to resign .
The death statistics resulting from the procession are overwhelming and have not been revived since last year because the stumbling blocks against postponement and memory have increased.
Disember 2018 the government locked up some of the NGOs that were closely pursuing police chaos and the violation of Human Rights as the center of Nicaragua Human Rights (Cenidh) and the Development Institute for Democracy (I
The Disemba also, two U.SENI Human Rights Groups (IACHR) Pleasures to Coordinate Nicaragua (MESENI) and the Human Rights Group Freely Reformed from, and freely discarded Nicaragua to regulate Human Rights and the Reformation of the Commerce
Read more: We are victims who help victims: Copying the violation of Human Rights Nicaragua
The minimum estimate of government - recognized victims on August 2018 has risen to 197.
However , the Human Rights Association has memorized 322 deaths until September 1818, when most deaths were shot in the head, neck and chest.
Physician Ana Siú recently wrote in Medium about his experience in the procession of April 2018.:
I saw my college friend being attacked by a gang through Instagram Mubashara.
I heard her screaming and struggling to avoid hurting; Last, the man who attacked her on a motorcycle left her but took her phone .
He did not know that he is still looking for mubashara.
Then he said, us to leave !
We are required to pick up the telephones and be checked .
The event lasted 20. minutes
He also announced the demonstrations of May 30, where they were historical demonstrations threatened on the date Nicaragua celebrates Mother's day , where 15 people were killed .
That day we changed our attitudes regarding demonstrations .
Some of us in the demonstrations saw how they were killing young people .
It is the first time the police attack large protests such as those with fire bullets.
I have never been so close to death .
When students separated themselves in universities in the capital of Managua, country workers locked the streets in rural areas.
There in June the Masaya protesters declared the East to be free from dictatorship.
The government attacked protesters who made protective restrictions and answered police attacks.
Contestants became increasingly involved with chaos and fights and by August 2018 had resulted in 22 deaths of police officers, and this according to government statistics...
In the mid - 2018, the police instituted what they called the operación limpieza (Germany) to destroy obstacles and accuse the suspected victims of their involvement with them .
Offices say that safety instruments did so in association with militia groups.
Many,,,,900 farmers " leaderships for justice and fortune - tellers were inflicted in this dangerous campaign , and many of them have been accused .
And some health servants who ministered to victims during the procession have found turmoil for what they did.
The Nicaragua Association has said that at least 240 doctors were expelled from public hospitals as a means of elimination .
Read further: Nicaragua and journalists encounter violent street attacks and networks.
There in September demonstrations were made illegal again, and any current occupation in the streets requires special approval from, authorities where such permits are often rejected..
There on February 27, 2019, the talk table was referred to between the government and the anti - Semitic movement, He began Cívica por of Justicia y of Democracia (Germanship of Justice and Democracy for Citizech), followed by the release of hundreds of people from
Compared with a discussion of the past, this setting did not connect with the leaders of the farmers " movements with, students because some of them are incarcerated, and others are in exile.
The new President Not the only beginning
Since the country's conflict enters the second year now, wahka and the anxieties of Nicaragua tomorrow are carried by hashtagi # #SOSNicaragua, which are given daily along with the demands of, photos of victims and the cries of prison students and their families .
Read more: The Nicaragua Diaspora holds a double load
The source of the news of Nicaragua, Niú interviewed protesters who took the lead in February in neighboring areas and Costa Rica and described the difficulty of life they had in exile .
Alejandro Donaire, student said that he fled the country after participating in peace processions, told Niú how difficult it is to feel a part of society and a normal life - style, after spending a long time in hiding and accompanying.
Madelaine Caracas, spokeswoman for a group of students as familiar as the Disciple Cooperation to Democracy, also associated Niú's thirst for Nicaragua changes that would be more than Ortega to leave:
[ MATuna puffed dictatorship, gender suppression and other weaknesses that have squeezed into the country's political culture .
We further believe that Ortega will leave this year and that I will return to Nicaragua this year.
And I am sure that Ortega is presently unsuspecting in international and economic spaces as well as because all those who participated in the April marches have been perfectly equipped for now.
This final symposium of discussions between the State and the opposition came to an end on April 3, with an agreement in two of the four lines
The government has first promised that, it will free all political prisoners and second will honor civil freedom .
There was no agreement about justice involving victims of election chaos or self - denial for the election of 2021.
A group of opposition from the Civil Union said that, yet the government has failed to respect the agreement .
It has continued to be reported that, the Police have continued to disrupt the processions of peace .
As April 6, was the only 50 of the 600 political prisoners released from 600 and placed in detention in their halls .
Later April 17, following a new set of restrictions by the United States, over 600 prisoners were freed and went to complete their sentences in housebound restrictions , yet according to the Civil Union only 18 members of the group were on the list of political prisoners and the hope of release .
In people's cobras such as Reformer and researcher Felix Madariaga, Nicaragua has remained in prison today.
At that time, opposing groups have called for demonstrations to commemorate the memory of the events of April 2018.
Refusing to get out of the authority and restriction of approval against the procession, is also expected to be there and a new repression from the police.
