Though facing many challenges, others, like Lazarious Ramolotja, have overcome their problems and have been successful in starting their companies.
Ramolotja is one of the more than two million deaf people in our country.
He says the deaf struggle every day to get involved in the economy.
My 43-year-old father is operating a binding business.
He shares his story with us with the help of a professional storekeeper, Zebone Kgethe.
My name is Lazarious Ramolotja.
I live in a Village called Rock in Mahikeng.
I am the father of three children.
I started tying together many years ago.
Now, I have my own company.
With his potential beyond his disability, Ramolotja found a way of communicating with his users.
He says there are no communications barriers.
Deaf people who live where they have no.
So I thought I needed to have my own business.
That doesn’t matter.
If there are communications barriers, there is a pen and paper.
It doesn’t mean I need a translator all the time.
People know how to be deaf, I think I am deaf too, but they can see that I am a gifted person.
I want to see other deaf people with their, he said.
According to the World Health Organisation, more than 5 percent of the world ’ s population has lost consciousness.
Access to education and employment opportunities continues to be a major challenge for the deaf population.
COVID-19 has also proved to be a major stumbling block to the deaf community.
Interpreting coronavirus messages is a growing struggle.
Ramolotja says he still does not understand much about the virus.
COVID-19, I have felt very good.
As deaf, I don’t know a lot about coronavirus.
Hearing people can hear for themselves but to be deaf is a challenge.
We are suffering misery, he said.
Zebone Kget’s parents are deaf.
He is also a professional sign-language interpreter.
He believes that the deaf face social distractions every day.
Deaf people are urging governments to speed up the process and make sign language the official language.
Commendation messages continue to flow into South Africa on the basis of an informative program of Disney, My Octopus Teacher, which won the Oscar prize at Los Angeles’s 93rd diawatate.
Industrial professions have praised the group for receiving a prominent role in an international film.
The film has seen for itself many other opportunities for international film awards and has conquered the hearts and mental powers of people around the world.
The movie producer, Anant Singh, explains why this prize is the biggest in industry.
It’s a big thing in the industry because you’ve got a small film, which enters the world’s top film competition and continues to plunge into the information team.
He knows that filmmakers create information programs from small movies on their taboos (Iphones) and this gives them tremendous incentive to continue with me in telling people the news.
Craig has been an informative reporter, a good person, a good worker and we feel lucky to have done it with her for the past 10 years.
The documentary is a tricky project directed by the “ The Sea Change ” project, which is the NGO awakening awareness of the beauty and ecological value of the Southern Kelp forest.
The group is proud to be seen around the world.
It’s a beautiful way to be placed on the stage with the work we do at the “Sea Change Project. ” We are really focused on the big African jungle.
Our objective is to continue telling stories about the beautiful Environment so that it can persuade and amazes people that they want to protect the nature of life, that they want to relate to it and that they want to be deeply ingrained in it. What I hope people will remember, that you are the origin of life, that you are the origin of life, that this beautiful planet is your home.
In SABCs interviews and news there, the film star Foster said Octopus taught him that nature and humans came from the same line.
And that one needs another in order to survive on this earth.
President Cyri Ramaphosa says the film has opened the window for natural beauty and the gulf between the South African oceans and the coastline.
We are once again grateful to the My Octopus Teacher team for receiving the award for the best enlightenment programme in Oscars.
West Cape Minister, Alan Winde, also commended the group.
A movie producer in South Africa, Anant Singh, has baked an enlightening show that won the Oscar’s award, My My Octopus Teacher, as a way of showing natural affection for the filmmaker, Craig Foster.
Foster’s film won first prize at the 93rd actress awards in Los Angeles.
It’s a year old, and it’s a year old, a year old, a year old, a year old.
The two end up building a relationship that allows Foster to see the life of the underwater animal with his own eyes.
Singh says Foster’s victory has encouraged a new band of filmmakers.
The filmmakers process information from their taboos (Iphone) and this gives them tremendous incentive to continue discussing matters more effectively.
Craig had always been a lover of information processing, a good person, a good worker.
We’ve been very lucky to be with her on film in the last 8 or 10 years, he added.
South Africa’s Western Cape Minister, Alan Winde, has praised the winners of the Disney information programme for the award.
Winde says the country is rejoicing in that success.
I would like to speak in behalf of our Western Cape government, to everyone who shares in the production of the film My My Octopus Teacher, congratulations you.
It makes us very proud.
It was a remarkable achievement in winning the Oscar.
Craig says he feels respectable to receive this assignment.
The 2020 reality reality reality of Pippa Ehrlich and James Reed highlights the year the filmmaker Craig Foster spent socializing with material, and a typical orchestra in the South African kelp jungle at False Bay near Cape Town.
The filmmakers James Reed and Pippa Ehrlich have earned the respect.
I know there are many South Africans who don’t sleep in the middle of the night to watch this event, but in many ways, this is a small personal story that has emerged from the African sea and forest.
But to everyone, I hope it has nurtured a very limited view of all kinds of relationships between people and nature.
Reed called the victory an honor, and thanked the commentators family for their support.
He also mentioned South African filmmaker Craig Foster, who built the bottom of the water alliance with the OketopAS.
The information show has already won many awards by the year 2020 including two winners at Critics’ Choice Documentary Awards for the best in both science and nature and movies.
It also won the Grand Teton award at the Jackson Wild Media Awards where it won the 8th election.
It also won the award for the best film in Earthx film.
In the video below, My My Octopus Teacher is awarded Oscar.
The Hollywood star has begun arriving at the Academy Awards on Sunday, at what may be the center of history full of gravity not only for the winners but also for the event itself.
First nominated, Paul Raci, was among the first to walk in a red carpet outside the Revival-Style Union station in Los Angeles, which was used for the first time because of the coronavirus pandemic.
Raci, who plays the role of a teacher to the deaf drumming, used sign language on Sunday as she spoke to the media and says she hopes the film made it possible for deaf residents to be seen.
Ma Rainey’s Black Bottom producer, Colman Domingo was wearing a pink suit in color while columnist Diane Warren chose a white suit for himself with a thin necktie T-shirt.
It’s here on Oscars, Warren said.
They were bored Oscars, but they were still at Oscars.
Keeping clear of the roadblocks has forced them to reconsider the event, which will be attended only by several hundred candidates and instructors including Brad Pitt and Harrison Ford and will be held outside and inside at the Art Deco Union Station in Los Angeles.
Other candidates will also take a pictorial presentation from the international community.
Following strict testing and apartheid regulations, most stars were not wearing masks when they walked on a big red carpet, after a couple of months the awards ceremony was held in Zoom.
We want it all, right from the gate, to show itself to be different, Steven Soderbergh, one of the three commentators, said before the Sunday party.
The Hollywood ambition to see the different kinds over the last five years, can lead to all four assignments, as well as the award for the best director, going to color people for the first time in the 93rd year, a history of high regard for the film industry.
If Zhao, 39 wins the best director, only the second woman and first woman in Asia will get an actress in that area.
The Chicago 7 trial against the status of Vietnam is seen as a serious challenge to Nomadland, with the award for the best photograph, say experts.
It’s probably the most popular Oscar movie.
It has big exciting events and a concise history, said Alison Willmore, movie critic at the New York magazine.
Other nominated for the best picture is the Hollywood drama of 1930, Mank, which focuses on 10 elections; the film of the revenge, Promising Young Woman, the family who moved from Korea, Minari, the film on civil rights, Judas and the Black Messiah, the film on forgetfulness, The Father and the Sound of Metal, the film about the deaf drunkard.
The winners are secretly elected by the 9.0000 members of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts & Sciences.
The actress’s front line is open, with Frances McDormand (Nomadland), Carey Mulligan (Promising Young Woman), Viola Davis (Ma Raineys Black Bottom), Vanessa Kirby (Pieces of a Woman) and 27. Day (The United States vs. Billie Holiday) competing for the award.
The rapper of the best female artist is impressive.
We’ve had a different winner for every TV show, said Pete Hammond, Hollywood awards columnist.
The Black Panther that left the world here, Chadwick Boseman, 43, is among those who can win the Oscar because of his role in Ma Rainey’s film, Black Bottom.
Only Anthony Hopkins of Britain, who plays the part of a man with a memory disorder in The Father, can get a reward, while the part of Riz Ahmed’s deaf dresser in the Sound of the Metal can be seen as one of the most rewarding performers.
For the first time since the pandemic, not one but two movies, have brought visible sales to the box office.
It’s a good sign that people are showing they’ve been ordered to go back to the movies after sitting at home for almost a year.
Mortal Kombat, a popular video game, spearheaded U.S. box office charts with $225 million from 3,073 locations in North America.
The Warner Bros. is already available to be watched at home, in HBO Max service, for a month, this is a ploy that the broadcast room will use in 2021.
Mortal Kombat found its first position very simple. It had a competition that went beyond what they had in mind when it came to the end of the week.
In second place that leaves so far, is Demon Slayer.
The Mugen Train received a similar salary of 15.9 million from 598 locations.
South Africa’s COVID-19 cases of the third wave numbered over 13000.
The Department of Health said 13,246 cases were in a very short time, bringing the number of concerns up to 21%.
According to the National Institute for infectious diseases, this is the highest daily cases since January.
Health struggler Dr. King Arkape responds to rising COVID-19 numbers:
In a short period of time, 136 deaths were, bringing national deaths to 58,23.
The NICD encourages South Africans to be cautious and to follow effective preventive measures to assist in preventing the spread.
It also appeals to the youth of South Africa to assist the elderly to apply for a vaccine.
So far, 1,965 812 South Africans have already received the COVID-19 vaccine.
Nigeria is expecting a second rise of 4 million COVID-19 vaccine at the beginning of August, and they are determined to continue administering the first dose that was interrupted to save a second dose.
So far, Africa’s massive African country has given only about 2 million out of every 200 million people the first measure.
Nigeria has been donating to a level of 3.92 million which they received in the COVAXpread globally due to vaccines in March, with future supplies still in place because of the ban on goods from India.
Nigeria is now expecting a second 3,92 million COVID-19 vaccine, at the end of July or at the beginning of August.
Vaccines will be reopened for adults over the age of 18 who want the first dose, he says.
We have been receiving a lot of applications for Nigerian immigrants who want to be vaccinated, Executive bob bob bob, at a news assembly in 2019
He has not revealed where the new vaccines will come and has symbolized the dedication this past week of the G7 leaders to provide coronavirus vaccines at a rate of about 1 billion worldwide next year.
hesitancy with the vaccination due to misinformation is also a problem.
South Africa’s democratic nursing institute ( Denosa) says it feels disappointed with President Cyril Ramaphosa’s speech to the nation on Tuesday about government accountability for the coronavirus infection growth in the country.
Denosa says it expected the President to make strict rules to end the spread of the virus.
Denosa Cassim Lekhoathi, a temporary general secretary, says nurses are overwhelmed by increased hospital activity due to a COVID-19 increase in the number of patients and that more nurses are dying of the virus.
Sicknesses are increasing and staff numbers are decreasing because no one enters our ranks, as the end of the week I will save three of our nurses, nobody enters their ranks.
But I am not talking about those I go to save for a week, I am talking about those who are already contagious and left out, and a few who must remain in the wards, must continue with the load.
Many healthcare workers have accepted the Johnson & Johnson vaccine.
South Africa is on its third wave.
A total of 339 healthcare workers died from COVID-19-related complications in South Africa between March and November last year and most of the deaths occurred in the Eastern Cape, KwaZulu-Natal and Gauteng.
President Cyril Ramaphosa says despite all the obstacles to the removal of the COVID-19 vaccine in the country, the numbers are climbing to the fact that 85,000 people are vaccinated every day.
The government has acknowledged from Johnson & Johnson that the 2 million that remained to be destroyed at Aspens in Qqeberha will be reinstated by the end of the month.
Ramaphosa says the optimistic figures are that only 64 healthcare workers are infected in the last seven days compared to 640 when the second wave began.
South Africa continues toward the third wave of the Cape Town: Meanwhile, DA leader John Steenhuisen criticized the vaccine rate, saying the government’s objectives to vaccinate a high percentage of the population are still invisible.
The President said while the vaccination Project has accelerated, South Africa is still far from achieving a position that will help the civilian immune system to fight the disease after the vaccination.
Steenhuisen raised questions about how fast the government buys vaccines.
I think the government has so many questions to answer.
The president has the ability to pour out large numbers but did not say how we would get to them.
There are really problems with how the government buys vaccines, which has placed many South Africans at greater risk of contracting the virus.
It would not be so if we had a successful vaccination programme.
Some people will reward the failure of government with their lives.
Dr. Sandile Buthelezi, the general director of the Department of Health, says the institution is ready to receive other patients into the hospital during the third wave of coronavirus.
President Cyril Ramaphosa announced on Tuesday night that the country is currently on the third wave.
He has expressed concern about the various provinces that report the COVID-19 infection rise, Gauteng being the most affected.
Buthelezi says the health institute has traced back to the first and second wave of coronavirus remedial routes
I think we have already learned a lot more about the first wave and the second.
Some provinces are even more burdened, like Gauteng.
South Africa 8436 new COVID-19 cases, bringing a total of infections to 1,761 066
48 cases of COVID-19 deaths in the last 24 hours, bringing the national death toll to 58,087.
The President has told the nation on Tuesday night following a meeting with various participants, including the national coronavirus council.
The Department of Minerals and Power ( 2019RE) has sent a team of workers to the KwaHlathi area near Ladysmith in KwaZulu-Natal to conduct a precise examination of the area where stones agreed to be diamonds found.
The unemployed group includes geologists and minerals.
diamond discovery news spread across the country on Friday and people are still flocking to the area to excavate rocks.
The team from DMRE is expected to arrive at the site on Tuesday and will also include those of the certifying and implementing body to make a checkup on the site.
The team also includes experts from the Association of Minerals and Technology (MINTEK) and the Association of Geological Sciences (GeoScience) who will give their ideas on the origin of rocks and evaluate the availability of Mineral resources in the area.
After a technical examination, the report will be given at a later stage.
Local residents and municipality districts in the area are asked to calm down.
KwaHlathi residents say if they are real diamonds, black people must be put first when it comes to economic channels.
Residents add that the discovery of stone reflects the quality of studies such as geology.
So, they must begin now to study these subjects (sic), speaking to the community member, Thabani Mbatha.
One resident, Vuma Makh Executive, says regional conditions can change greatly both socially and economically if it’s real gold.
But the government must make sure that Black people are not just workers, they have shares, as a means of strengthening the economy.
People continue to pick up diamonds from the soil at Kytt, Ladysmith and KwaHlathi......
The National Institute of infectious diseases (NICD) released coronavirus data indicating that Gauteng more than two-thirds of the new cases.
Gauteng registered more than 3,700 new coronavirus cases in the national number of more than 5,500 cases.
South Africa entered the third wave of pandemic last week.
We are translating the details of the COVID-19 increase cases in Gauteng and Professor Bruce Mellado..
South Africa’s chemistry, Aspen, is taking steps to reduce the loss of the Johnson and Johnson vaccines preserved at Qqeberha in the Eastern Cape.
The provider says Johnson & Johnson will provide South African teachers with a dose of 300 000 vaccines in the coming days.
Aspen adds that in a week it hopes to release the Johnson & Johnson vaccine, which was invented with pockets that were not affected by U.S. vaccine pollution.
The company says it is still doing more vaccines that will be available in July.
Vaccines were affected by pollution problems in the US in Baltimore.
Through La tshepi, the State and the South African health authority (Sahpra) have assured South Africans that polluted vaccines will not be released in our country.
Sahpra leader, Dr. Boitumelo Semete-Rokotlela, spoke of the pollution of the J & J. Vaccines.
Company action follows reports that the weights waiting to be donated from Aspen in Qgqeberha are polluted
Two hospitals that treat people with COVID-19 in Afghanistan had to close their doors because of a lack of beds, said the chief health official and doctors on Monday.
Afghanistan is facing a third wave of pandemic, with the number of d65. infections and deaths among the increasing wars as U.S. international warriors withdraw into resentment and the Taliban state captors take offense.
Japanese hospitals with Ali Jinnah had to close their doors because of a lack of beds or equipment, said the health official and asked to be nameless as they were not allowed to speak in public on the matter.
The official said the two hospitals in the Kabul capital continued to suffer from oxygen and other medical complications.
Mirwais Al Executive, Deputy Health Department spokesperson, said hospitals have to be closed at times because of high patients.
Masi Noori, a doctor at Afghanistan Japan hospital, said it had been shut up for young patients within days because of a shortage of beds.
Eid Executive, the head of Ali Jinnah Hospital, said they had to stop taking the new patients while their COVID-19 beds were packed.
We only have 50 beds for COVID cases, that’s the big issue, Executive told Reuters.
Afghanistan on Monday the 1,804 new cases of COVID-19 and 71 deaths due to the disease.
Human Rights Group and an international member said last week that government needs to buy oxygen and vaccines quickly.
The number of COVID-19 cases in Afghanistan has been rising, said Vor Sultani, a researcher for South Asian groups. (South Asia).
Last week, Afghanistan received the COVID-19 vaccine doses of 700 000 by the Chinese synopharm.
Health experts say the lack of vaccination in South Africa has been a major challenge in terms of the vaccination project.
Professor Salim Abdool Karim says the discarded Johnson & Johnson weaknesses have postponed the country’s efforts to raise the daily vaccine rate.
Sahpra leader Dr. Boitumelo Semete- makokotlela is calling on South Africans not to be shocked over the emergency arrangements.
Sahpra has confirmed that the 300 000 medicines received by the administration and drugs in the US will be released and shipped to SA.
The Johnson & Johnson vaccine will be preserved for four and a half months rather than three months at a temperature of 2.8 degrees Celsius.
Durban’s retired Geologist, Manqoba Msimango, says he cannot sidestep the reality of a recent discovery of what some people believed was a diamond in the KwaHlathi area outside Ladysmith in KwaZulu-Natal.
Msimang says only a biological group can confirm these things as real diamonds.
The South African health authority Institute (sahpra) as well as the interim minister of health, Mamoloko Kubayi-Nubane, have affirmed to South Africans that the polluted COVID-19 vaccine will not be released in South Africa.
This is after acknowledging that weights waiting to be donated from Aspen at Gqeberha in the Eastern Cape are polluted.
In terms of what has been by the FDA, we are concerned about the Gqeberha molecule and that which we have at the reserve is 2 million in number.
I think the inhabitants of South Africa should not be scared and what we will receive and use will be at liberty.
The US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has suspended the release of the J & J vaccine while further investigations are under way.
The country must avoid giving the AstraZeneca coronavirus vaccine to more than 60 people over the years, the EU’s COVID-19 drug management Head was quoted as saying in a statement, amongst the fears that exist about curbs while other vaccines are taking place.
The European pharmaceutical Institute (EMA) views AstraZeneca as a safe vaccine for people of all ages.
The Italian government said on Friday it would reduce the use of the AstraZeneca vaccine for people over 60 years after the newborn died as a result of the shedding of blood.
As in many European countries, Italy partially banned the AstraZeneca vaccine in March because of concerns about the curbs.
South Africa and India, backed by many developing countries, want a temporary abdication of the IP vaccine rights and other treatments to allow rural workers to make vaccines.
US President Joe Biden said he supported a temporary leave.
Okonjo-lweala said the argument went further with the agreement to start negotiations.
The members of the WTO must speak to each other next week on how to negotiate with the aim of writing a report on July 21-22:
The G7 leaders, who had held a committee in South West England, agreed on Friday to give the 1st billion COVID-19 vaccine to poorer countries, something that the United Nations and groups of campaigns said was needed.
Aside, Okonjo-Lweala said he expected negotiations over the influence of the industry to take place in July even though there is a chance that we will not get to the end.
Avoid holding a meeting of the WTO nations in 15 July in an effort to curb the introduction of fisheries after 20 years of negotiations.
June is not the typical South African month, especially for its youth.
It is a reminder of 1976, heroes and heroes who made history this month.
On the 16th of June 1976, South Africa saw a riot as thousands of students in Soweto began a march against the compulsory Black educational system.
On the event day of June, the students were to conduct a peaceful march to the Orlando arena as a symbol of opposition to the policy of the new language.
However, events did not turn out as expected and the events shaped the same June as they are in South Africa today.
Although it is the month we celebrate the courage and victory of 1976, South Africa is still facing challenges.
I apply respect to the youth of 1976 for the graceful guidance that they have left for those who come back.
The challenges facing South Africans today are raised by a number of factors from fighting corruption to the limited faith of young people in the empire (Patel; Ga Graham: 2019).
On the other hand, the youth of South Africa aged 15-24 a high unemployment rate of 63.1% while the unemployment rate of those aged 25-34 was 41% on the South African unemployment rate Q4 2020.
Saul says the movement must influence in its work of removing corrupt leaders.
He called on the health Minister Dr Zweli Mkhize to appear before the ANCs trustworthy commission.
The pressure is heightening on Mkhize to resign from work after confessing that a R 150 million tender share, which was donated by her department to a communications network called Digital vibes, was uncertain.
Mkhize made a statement on Wednesday after a return from internal investigations into the institution, about a tender to be given to her former assistant, Tahera Mathera and former lawyer Naardhira Mitha.
The tender was for services relating to the national health insurance project and government response to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Saul says Mkhize must appear before the commission as required by law.
Rather than focusing on fighting the pandemic, we are being confused by the uncleanness rumors coming from those of us who must first visit.
There are serious charges against the NEC member of the comrade Zweli Mkhize, who has now been put on duty as a health minister.
If there are similar charges, in the light of guidelines received by the NEC, it is expected that it must go to the legal committee to handle the matter and make recommendations to the NEC.
Minister Mkhize must step aside to follow the tender investigation.
Reelected chairperson in the Northern Cape, Zamani Saul, says the organisation should be cruel in ending corruption with its status.
He has asked Minister of Health, Zweli Mkhize, to appear before the ANCs self-confident commission and explain the following criminal investigations.
Mkhize is in crisis because of uncertain contracts of the value of over 150 million people with regard to the National Health Insurance ( energI) and COVID-19 which have been donated to her associates.
Instead of fighting the pandemic we are being carried away by fraudulent charges from ourselves that we must go ahead.
There are serious charges against the NEC member of the comrade Zweli Mkhize who is recently sent to work as Minister of Health.
If there are any such charges in the light of the guidelines that were approved by the NEC, the hope is that you must go to the justice commission, that the commission may face the matter and make recommendations to the NEC, says Saul.
Special investigation unit (SIU) examines the matter.
President Ramaphosa has waited for a report of allegations by the Digital vibes tenderer, which is uncertain.
Saul was considering the general secretary, Ace Magashule,’s decision to bring the party to court in an attempt to set aside the expulsion of the gwage aside.
The Chairperson of the ANC member of the Northern Cape has described the reaction of the Democratic Alliance as shameful.
Saul says if Magashule feels he is above the constitution of an ANC member.
He says in the history of the movement they have not experienced any misconduct from the secretary-general
There is no adjustment that will happen to an organisation that is unable to influence proper conduct against its members.
‘ Step-aside’ is just one of the steps that have been taken to ensure that we are going to put our company on the road to desolation.
The fact of the secretary-general is, none of us, no respectable ANC member can, not be disappointed with the secretary-general who leads the ANC to court, but I realize he is doing this because he has negative thoughts about his role as secretary-general.
Saul was speaking privately about the ANC elective meeting in the Northern Cape that was held in Springbok.
He says the organisation will overcome the challenges it now faces.
Zamani condemns Magashule by taking the organisation to court: President Ramaphosa also stands for the convention.
He invited members to work hard to restore unity in the governing body and encouraged them to serve their citizens with a hearty heart.
In his address, Ramaphosa said there is no place for unmannerly members of the ANC.
Ramaphosa has reiterated that those who deviate from the important traits of the ANC must be disciplined.
We are determined to carry out the commission given by the Nasrec conference because the directors of the conference have said all the members of the NEC, of the ANC branch, must work together and work hard to unite and build up our own glorious organisation.
When we are speaking of the convention, we are referring to the constitution, but it is now well formulated in the Northern Cape, a stable convention.
It’s a meeting that should take place on the foundation of the African National Congress, he said.
The ANC in KwaZulu-Natal has asked the Department of Inquiry and Cultural Affairs to intervene after private security officials have entered the municipal room of Nquthu and have removed the ANC councillors from the meeting.
The incident, which was also videotaped in the social media, took place earlier this week.
A video publication depicts security officials struggling with a councillor whose name was not given.
It was heard the councillors shout and ask what Zikode did.
The security officers, wearing heavy regalia, were seen arresting two councillors in an attempt to get them out of the room.
The ANC in the KwaZulu-Natal region is accusing the IFP of planning an attack by their councillors.
The IFP failed to have a share in analyzing key issues that they were raising.
They decided to bring in hired criminals to remove our councillors.
These are not defence measures appointed by the municipality, they are private criminals, says the ANC spokesperson for the ANC attorneys Ntombela.
Only the IFP has pushed aside the charges.
The ANC has argued that the ANC councillors were the ones that were not in control.
ANC councillors did not want to see the council meeting continue.
They really wanted to stop the council.
They wanted nothing to be discussed about the lockdown.
If any members try to interdict the council, you have to find ways to do so.
Even the one who was printing showed that a plan was well-planned and well-planned, says provincial Chairperson, Thami Ntuli.
The ANC acknowledges that the election of the current IFP Mayor Lindok Premi Shabalala was unlawful.
The organisation cites the fact that the council meeting, which has been elected at Shabalala, took place when the country was underneath level 5 of the lockdown due to lack of truth.
The department of Inquiry and Cultural Affairs of KwaZulu-Natal said it knew of the conflict and would weigh further.
Report by Bongani Gema.
ANC President Cyril Ramaphosa says the COVID-19 pandemic is the first real test in the organisation since its founding.
Ramaphosa says the ANC will not blame anyone, but it must show the country the way against the storm.
He was speaking at the Northern Cape Provincial Conference held in Springbok.
Apart from its impact on human health, COVID-19 has also destroyed the economy and lives of people.
The COVID-19 pandemic has dropped South Africa’s economy even further, millions of people are unemployed.
As the third wave fast approaches, Ramaphosa says the ANC must play its part to prevent the growth of numbers, which includes encouraging candidates to take doses.
He says over a hundred countries are busy with healthcare providers to approve the invention rights of COVID-19 vaccines.
ANC President Cryil Ramaphosa is addressing a Northern Cape elective conference.
ANC Provincial Chairperson Zamani Saul has been the chief critic of the retired secretary-general Ace Magashule as a person with many challenges.
Outside of COVID-19, the movement is also facing its challenges, such as misconduct.
Since Nasrec, we have been trying to preserve unity.
Discipline the comrade.
It’s just that unity, says Ramaphosa.
Ramaphosa also appealed for the strengthening of the policy within the local government.
As the local government elections will be held in October, the ANC says it wants a wonderful victory at those elections.
ANC Chairperson of NC Zamani Saul responded to Ramaphosa’s speech on the provincial elective conference.
Political analyst Dr. Lembuyo Dondolo says the African National Congress (ANC) must have a purgatory resolution if it wants to revive the organisation.
He says the ANC can restore confidence, after all the interventions that are taking place just ahead, they will need to work hard.
This is after the Eastern Cape ANC announced the taking of wisdom from former governments including the former president Thabo Mbeki at a three-day meeting of the provincial executive committee currently held in East London.
Dondolo says this is a plan for a short period of time.
The involvement of former leaders like Thabo Mbeki, well-mannered leaders as a means of undermining the ANC, is temporary.
It is a process the ANC is using to win the hearts of the electors, yet the ANC needs lasting strategies, says Dondolo.
ANC Northern Cape Chairperson Zamani Saul says the organisation needs to restore its corrupted image.
He says with the resolution lasting, the ANC can win the elections in certain municipalities, but there are other cities that will be opposed by other political parties.
Mbeki has been appointed to have a share in resuming the ANC as a cordial organisation for the people.
ANC spokesperson PEC Loyiso Maghethwaela says the convention will be based on the inheritance of the founder of the movement so that it can be of benefit to the youth who is now serving.
To confirm the principle of the adjustment process and reconciliation we must take to the wisdom of the former rulers for our adjustment to have proper guidance.
You may have understood that in modern times, the ANC is being pushed from left to right, the renewal of the project is now becoming necessary and we also want to impress the authority and leadership of the ANC on society, says Mag programmeela.
As the ANC EC will open its extended PEC meeting at the EL ICC, in the region of Dr W.B Rubusana this morning, it is expected to be with the former president of the ANC Cde Thabo Mbeki.
ANC President Cyril Ramaphosa says putting the economy on the road to recovery is one of the most important responsibilities of the organisation this year.
Ramaphosa was addressing members of the organisation with a picture at the Northern Cape Provincial Electoral Conference held in Springbok.
He added that members of the organisation must select those who are qualified to take the lead in local governmental positions and prevent past mistakes in appointing unemployed officials who have destroyed the different municipalities of the country.
Ulrich Hendricks of SABC News reports on the Northern Cape elective conference.
Instead of the National Executive Committee, we want to thank and extol the Mlangeni family and the Ledwaba family to cooperate with the ANC in celebrating Mlangeni’s inheritance under the heading: Morality, conduct and defilement.
This is at a good time during the 2021 season where we have our national unity group, the desolation, and the new building this year of Charlotte Max Week.
The important thing is that while, there is a generous person who has defended the ANC, who is suffering, has complaints about the status of the institution and in his memorial, we believe that as the NEC, we owe those like him by ensuring that we tie the NEC together and we revive ourselves, says NEC member Nomvula Mokonyane.
June and Andrew Mlangeni Foundation Chairperson, Professor Hlengewe Mkhize, said they were overjoyed.
We were determined to continue his final struggle with moral problems, especially in his institution, as well as ethical problems, and we thought that we were all in the present crisis, he left, let us talk about the things that we surrounded us and other difficult subjects.
So we are grateful that Mr Mlangeni started something.
Mkhize said Mlangeni was opposed to corruption, and in the way it affects the poor.
The University of South Africa was holding a memorandum of the counsel for freedom readers.
Offered by Minister of Justice and Correctional Services, Ronald Lamola.
The Economic Freedom Fighters (FF) has sent its condolences to the family and the international synagogue of Synagogue, the Synagogue of Conventions (Scoan) in the death of the renowned Nigerian TV minister TB Joshua.
Joshua passed away on Saturday night in the Lagos hospital at 57.
His power of speech and healing has attracted South Africans to his church in Lagos, including EFF leader Julius Malema, former transport Minister Dipuo Peters and former Springbok Wium Basson.
The EFF has said millions of people around the world will remember her for her generosity and submit to the word of God.
In the accompanying issue, SABCs National News moderator, Sophie Mokoena, provides information on TB Joshua.
The challenge that Public Protector Busisiwe Mkhwebane is facing against the parliamentary rules of the high official’s trial will be heard at the Western Cape Court on Monday.
The issue that is expected to be heard by the 3 judges is set aside until Friday.
A month ago, Western Cape Chief Justice, John Hlophe, withdrew in the case after the Democratic Alliance asked for a meeting of his personal preferences.
Hlophe was found guilty of corruption by the Inquisition.
Mkhwebane’s accusatory system was introduced by the DA.
Meanwhile, the Justice Service Commission will decide by the end of next month whether Hlophe has been charged with corruption and should he face accusations.
The Economic Freedom Fighters party was one of the parties that did not support the committee resolution.
Members of Parliament Natasha Ntlangwini said when the rules were formed they were meant by the Public Protector.
We are opposed to the recommendations given by the cell.
The house has not yet had any rules on the removal of Chapter 9 of the leadership.
These regulations were made with the mind of the Public Protector, a serious process of removing the Public Protector, not anyone else.
Former President Kgalema Motlanthe described the tortured legend Andrew Mlangeni as an independent and confident person who received all in his place and in the African National Congress (ANC).
The ANC commends the late Mlangeni at a wreath-seed ceremony at his grave, along with his wife in June in the Roodepoort reserve.
Festival of wreaths commemorations of Mme June Mlangeni and Isithwalandwe / Seamaranke Dad Andrew Mlangeni in the Roodepoort Families
Motlanthe says she is grateful when she worked with the late Mlangeni, says she has learned a lot from the family.
The Mlangeni family was at the ceremony.
ANC NEC Members Lindiwe Sisulu and Nomvula Mokonyane were also present.
The June wreath season with Andrew Mlangeni.
In delivering the keynote address, Motlanthe said: Comrade Andrew Mlangeni was the leader of our struggle that reflected the depth of what the struggle was like.
She is an adult in whom one can rely.
He was honest and independent.
Tomorrow, he has given us his knowledge and ability.
The Democratic Alliance (DA) has outlined an unrealistic and understandable law that robs South Africans of their citizenship.
This follows complaints from London residents, when they try to revive their South African citizenship, they realize that they are no longer South Africans because they have asked for additional citizenship.
This is because, under the present South African Citizens Act, it has to apply to the Department of Internal Affairs to obtain citizenship for another country.
Earlier, DA member of Parliament, Adrian Roos, says the party is against this Act and will fight it in high court instead of thousands of South Africans who have lost their citizenship without their knowledge.
The DA is challenging the Act in court.
It is not a clear rule as the Department of Inquiry once declared it is not against the citizenship of two countries.
But it’s your policy, don’t say you support the citizenship of two countries.
If you look at the Interim Constitution, you are speaking because no citizen will be outside the support of the law, but this has been amended in the Constitution.
They have removed the statement without stipulating that this right should not be enforced in order to prevent you from being denied your citizenship.
So the DA argument is that, come what may, you must have a license to leave your citizenship before it can be lost, says Roos.
Below are the complete negotiations by DA member Adrian Roos.
deputy president, David Mabuza, has voiced his views on the terrible charges that amounted to R 150 million of Digital vibes linked to the Minister of Health, Zweli Mkhize.
He was addressing a group of former military experts at Limpopo on Saturday.
The special investigation unit (SIU) is reviewing allegations that the minister contributed to a figure of money paid to Digital vibes to work with the public-related work of the department.
The Democratic Alliance (DA) is one of the agencies that wants Mkhize to step aside.
Mabuza says people have to wait for the results of the investigation.
In fact, if there are accusations, they will prevent government thinking.
But I just think we must take what the President said that the matter is expected.
kayana, Kaizer Kganyago of the Special Inquiry University, said they are still doing research and are determined to finalize the inquiry as soon as possible.
deputy president, David Mabuza, says the R654 million which ought to be assisting military officials divination only has been plunged into the Department of Defense but has not been used because the department has not functioned properly.
Mabuza was speaking to a team of expert military officials at Limpopo on Saturday.
He asked military experts to form one wild beast instead of fighting one another.
However, money has not yet been used, it is sitting in the department because there are a lot of problems, only military officials experts complain.
A major problem facing us is a process of confirmation that has a profound effect on corruption.
Mabuza says he hopes that by now the Department General Director has been appointed, military heroes will get the assistance they want.
He has encouraged military heroes across all political areas to prepare themselves and allow governments to try to support them.
Soldiers often complain about the shortage of housing, dignified health services, and unemployment.
A lack of cooperation between heroes.
Mabuza says the lack of cooperation with classmates between military heroes and former troops is undermining government efforts in addressing their challenges.
He said the heroic military officials from former ANCs were also struggling to confirm their identity details.
You have got to try and get ready for yourself, we don’t want these groups among you because we don’t understand why you fight for yourself.
It’s a small decline in society, and an ageing society where the elderly want to fight against each other.
It’s not good for this nation.
Mabuza is speaking to heroes from the South African Defence Force, Mkhontowe Shethwa, Azanian People Liberation Army and the Venda Defence Force in Pretoria, Limpopo.
deputy president David Mabuza is also speaking with the South African Defence Force, Mkhonto we Sorti, Azanian People Liberation Army and the Venda Defence Force.
Though unhappy, heroes believe there’s a collapse of confidence.
I am from Azania MVA, hopefully our problems will be solved, as long as there is cooperation between us and the national government.
Emmanuel Maake of the ANC says we have had all kinds of problems including health, housing, pension, and payments for schoolchildren, we have so many problems.
Other military heroes were unhappy that they were denied entry to the place where Mabuza stood.
They were not on the list of those who were supposed to enter the Rakabi arena.
The Inkatha Freedom Party (IFP) is headed by Nquthu Municipality in the northern KwaZulu-Natal region and has taken the Provincial Assembly regulation Department to court because it has been placed under administration.
This resolution was made by COGTA MEC, Sipho Ajomuka on Thursday.
He quoted current technical statements and the high court rulings that the appointment of other senior executives was uncertain.
The Nquthu Council has said the MEC does not have the authority to place a municipality under the administration.
The resolution to challenge Hlomuka’s step was taken at the time of the council meeting on Thursday, a day after the province of the State Capture Commission announced the placement of the municipality under the administration.
In February, the provincial government placed the municipality under the administration.
The decision was postponed by the National Minister of State, Dr. Nkos Executive Dlamini-Zuma Awards.
He said there was no good reason to place the municipality under the administration.
I think the intervention is untrue, but it’s a MEC plan because in March Dr. Nkos cac Dlamini Zuma has challenged the COGTA resolution in the province to place a municipality under administration.
Dlamini-Salah, so he has advised that the provincial government should adhere to Part 139 1A which means that they can keep an eye on, guide, and assist the municipality.
COVID-19 COGTA did not do that.
Yes, we’ve found the bronze profits of non-repeating, just for the reasons, former management, if they ever carried with them the important information that was needed in order to raise it, said Lindokuhle Shabalala.
The municipality of Nquthu threatens to court COGTA
The IFP in KwaZulu-Natal has accused Hlomuka of collaborating with the African National Congress (ANC) in mismanaging the municipality, undermining it.
The ANC Provincial Party Chairperson, Thamsanqa Ntuli, said the ANC wanted to run Nquthu Municipality despite the local elections.
We all know that it is clear that both the IFP and the ANC are doing well in the Johannesburg City alone in K 2019 is a different matter.
That’s why you get a list of all our municipalities in the province of Krens.
We are deeply concerned about COGTA conduct with the COGTA EXecutive who allows the ANC councillor list in Nquthu to guide COGTA dealings, much to be disappointed.
The IFP has also disappointed the ANC after giving the name of one of the regional structures in the province to the north, the name of the liberator, the late Nobleman Mzala Nxumalo.
It said, the initiative would postpone the forgiveness negotiations between the two parties that were delayed by the leaders of both parties to the national level.
deputy president, David Mabuza, has confirmed to the military heroes that government does not have any money in the hand to give the military heroes a government with money to care for their social needs and health needs.
He says the problem was the Department of Defense and the Legislature of the Allied forces, with a lack of management to deal with their problems.
When he addressed the band of military heroes, Mabuza said things would start to go well because the General Director of the Department has been appointed.
We still continue with the provincial negotiations with the military heroes.
Today we are in Limpopo at the Rakabi Plain of Security and are warmly welcomed by Premier Stanley Mathabatha.
He asked military heroes to form one wild beast instead of fighting for themselves.
We are still going to repair the Department of Army heroes.
I tell you that the Director General [Irene Mpolemba ] in the Department has been appointed.
He will start work on the 7th of June.
Now things will start to complicate each other.
Secondly, the President has asked the Executive Offices to cooperate in this work, says Mabuza.
The Deputy President speaks to the media about a discussion with military heroes.
Deputy President David Mabuza has encouraged military heroes across the political sector, to form one wild beast so that the government can give them enough support.
Frequently, military heroes complain that they do not have housing, health services and other things from the state.
In the publication below, SABC speaks to a former member of the Venda Defence Force:
Limpopo’s address to a group of military officials from the former South African Defence Force (SADF) Venda Defence Force (VDF).
Mabuza says the government is concerned that military officials fight for themselves.
He says military officials from former parties are still being confirmed to determine who were in the processions when the others in SADF and VDP conditions are better.
You are a society that is becoming smaller and smaller.
You are an aging society.
So why can older people fight against it?
MPL and the military council, you have to go and resolve your problems quickly.
This is not for this nation, added Mabuza.
SABC speaks to Limpopo Secretary of Executive Jack.
The department of State Capture and Cultural Affairs (COGTA) in KwaZulu-Natal has instructed the speaker of the rural municipality of Inrade Langalibalele to investigate the allegations of the assault on the councillor.
It is alleged that the IFP councillor struck two ANC recognising women.
The COGTAs Spokesperson, Senzo Mzila says, the KwaZulu-Natal Conservation and Cultural Affairs MEC, Sipho Hlomuka has expressed concern about the allegations raised in the rural municipality Inrade Langalibalele.
allegations that one of the councillors struck another councillor.
MEC, Hlomuka asked the Municipal Speaker to investigate the reasons for the incident in order to give him a full report on the matter, adds Mzila.
Deputy President David Mabuza’s position as chairperson of the President Service Group for military officials is expected to cooperate with military officials in SA, Limpopo.
He will review the progress that the provincial government has seen in dealing with the challenges facing military officials.
For years, military heroes from political parties as well as Transkei, Bophuthatswana, Venda and Ciskei ( TBVC countries), have complained that government does not have enough to care for their lives.
Among other things, noted by a service group led by deputy president Mabuza, is the need for social distress relief, to provide educational assistance, a dignified housing building and the land for military heroes.
In a statement issued by the President’s Office, the Service Group continues to receive reports of progress reached by various departments, coming with a principle to assist military personnel.
With increasing estimates that President Cyril Ramaphosa is looking for a new Minister of Health, there are reports that Zweli Mkhize may be ready to retire.
Mkhize has been charged with interest dispute over the R 150 million tender which her department has given to the Digital vibes company.
The University of Special Inquiry (SIU) is examining an unpredictable tender linked to the national health insurance policy ( energI) and governments responsive to the coronavirus pandemic.
Mkhize has failed to appear before the Phoitable Development Committee of the Parliament of Health on Friday to follow legal counsel.
The committee Chairperson, Ngk. Sibongiseni Dhlomo, says I have had telephone discussions with Ngk. Mkhize last night ( Thursday).
That is where I heard that he had been given legal considerations
It is not a good idea for him to be a member of the Photefolio Committee on the basis of the allegations that place his name in the photograph.
So, it is lawful for him not to come and describe himself.
Mkhize’s not appearing before the committee leads to her being watched.
Meanwhile, political analyst Ngk. Dale McKinley says Mkhize’s failure to appear before the Photefolio Health Committee makes things difficult for him and many people will question about having a share in the Digital vibes tender.
McKinely says the ANC should urge Mkhize to step aside because of the law.
Ngk Dale McKinley speaks about Mkhize’s not appearing before the committee.
The Gauteng Department of Health says the allegations of corruption against Minister of Health Ngk. Zweli Mkhize are central to the country fighting the coronavirus pandemic.
The allegations relating to his departments that received a record of 150 million to the Digital vibes communications company.
The former assistants of Mkhizes have presided over a contract that has found work connected with the national Health Insurance scheme and government awareness of Corona
Special Investigations are investigating the matter.
Last month Mkhize admitted the matter was uncertain and said the disciplinary measures would be taken against the guilty.
Having a Minister of Health spearheaded the reaction to our pandemic, a person whose words are not being heeded, who cannot communicate with the media and who is running from accountability.
We have a Minister of Health who cannot answer simple questions about developments taking place in his department, said Gauteng Department Health Director-General, Meisie Lerutle.
Mkhize’s appearance before the Health Committee leads to her being watched.
Meanwhile, political analyst Ngk Dale Mckinley says the absence of Minister of Health Ngk Zweli Mkhize’s appearance before the Phoitable Development Committee has made many problems for him and many people are going to question his role on the Digital vibes tender.
The analyst says, Opposition parties are going to make a statement, but if we say it’s going to be, it’s going to be with more oppression.
You have to see that something is wrong here.
I have a case to answer.
I’m going to get out of my position now.
People will respect this and I think the ANC must let this happen and it encourages it to happen.
Not just for Mkhize, and all its members facing serious charges because it is the only way that they will clarify the party’s name and revive the integrity of the citizens, when they appear to be applying this law.
Not only if he was found guilty, although there is clear evidence that there were faults.
But I think that’s important and the President must take it locusts.
Dr Dale Mckinely in Mkhize’s appearance before the Committee.
Political analyst Ngk Dale Mckinley says the absence of Minister of Health Ngk Zweli Mkhize before the Photeopolitic Health Committee is causing him many problems and many people are going to question his role on the Digital vibes tender.
Mkhize is accused of having a conflict of interest that she has produced from a tender of about R 150 million that her department has given the communications company.
The Special Inquiry Institute is examining an uncertain tender dealing with the national Health Insurance scheme and governments responsive to the coronavirus pandemic.
Mkhize has failed to appear before the Phoitable Development Committee of Parliament in Health, with the advice of her lawyers.
Ngk Zweli Mkhize is desired not to appear before the Photefolio Committee of the Parliament of Health.
The committee Chairperson, Sibongiseni Dhlomo, says it is a law that Mkhize should not appear before the committee.
I had a phone discussion with Ngk Mkhize last night.
Opposition movements to the Photefolio Committee in Healthcare have expressed regret over Mkhize ’ s absence
Ngk Sibongiseni Dhlomo in the appearance of Minister of Health Tona Mkhize before the Parliament Committee:
Opposition agencies are unhappy with Mkhize’s actions.
They disagree with the ANC position that the case should not be handled publicly after the DA has handled a case at the Cape Town police station against Mkhize and General Director, Sandile Buthelezi.
The DA has raised a criminal case against Dr Zweli Mkhize.
EEF Members, Ngk Suzan Thembekwayo and Naledi Chirwa, say the ANC situation in this regard is a sign that the committee cannot condemn the minister.
This was a clear indication that as a committee we cannot speak in one voice to bring the national department to account, Thembekwayo said.
So, we cannot speak of the matter because the matter has been opened against the minister, what will happen if the NPA brings the case to court?
Are we going to be held until it is finished?
ANC FAITHFUL, Ivy Gcina, was saved at Gqeberha in the Eastern Cape.
Her funeral service was held at the house of the Feather Marketalahelo.
The 84-year-old died last Thursday after a long illness.
He had been given a special official funeral by President Cyril Ramaphosa
In service the funeral of ANC confidante Mme Ivy Gcina continues at the Feather Market Hall in Gqeberha.
This 84,-year-old woman was tortured last Thursday after a prolonged illness.
He Was a member of the ANC Parliament from 1994 to 2004
He served as a member of the ANC Parliament in Parliament from 1994 until his retirement in 2017.
She also worked on various programs of women’s movements during the apartheid period.
He served on the Port Elizabeth Black Civic organisation Women’s Committee and was the first chairperson of the Port Elizabeth Women’s League.
He was also the leader of the United Democratic Front in the region.
In his time, he was arrested and persecuted many times.
Her family remembers her as an intelligent and courteous woman.
Her grandson, LOVE Gcina, says they have learned a lot from her.
It hurts us not being able to be with you during your infirmity.
We will miss your grandmother, your soul and your energy are alive on every one of us, in the lives you touched with the love, wisdom, ability and beauty of your soul.
We love you grandma, you were an extraordinary woman.
Thank you for your self-sacrifice and everything you have done for us.
It’s a great loss for her three sons in the war when they were serving as an armored army on earth and her daughter died in a natural disaster.
ANC FAITHFUL Ivy Gcina, who is fighting against the apartheid system, the PEWO leader, waits for our people despite persecution, beatings, chokings, shut down by the Department of Defence.
He lost his children in his struggle for independence.
Pity.
Acknowledgment by Andile Lhethwa @hanisa), 20 May 2021.
He has encouraged current ANC members to adhere to these beliefs.
We look at somebody who is truly unique, a human example that we want to see at the African National Congress.
A person of dignity, a person of identity, a person of responsibility, a dedicated member of the African National Congress.
We are all supposed to follow these people, people who knew quite well that they did not see it, but it was about the future of the country.
Minister of Defense and General Assembly nosiviwe Mapisa-Nqakula has commended Mme Gcina as a loyal, the hero of the liberation struggle.
He says many people have been hurt by instilling in someone who has dedicated a lifetime to fight for integrity.
He always took the lead in fighting other heroes in the National Party policy.
He was not hindered by the nationalistic security atrocities of the colonial government.
He was not scared even though the state-made rules were enforced during the apartheid period.
So I’m really curious about it, and I’m really curious about it.
The Democratic Alliance (DA) accused Minister of Health Zweli Mkhize as well as the Deputy General of the department (DG) Sandile Buthelezi of belittling part of the parliament.
Tona was expected to appear before the Phoitable Health Committee on Friday.
The minister has told the Phote Executive Health Committee that he has been advised by the lawyers not to appear before the committee to negotiate a R 150 million contribution to Digital vibes, whereas the Director General said he was advised not to mark his cabinet assignment.
This is after a member of parliament of the DA,Siviwe Gwarube, has opened a case against the two at the Cape Town police station.
Gwarube partner, Evelyn Wilson, has rejected the position of the African National Congress (ANC) as a matter of caution, a search for answers.
It was not brought before court.
The matter has not yet been heard in court but DG has agreed to come to this meeting.
We must remember one thing if, we are not accountable to Minister or DG, they are accountable to us, says Wilson.
Digital vibes contract: DA charges for criminal activity against Dr Zweli Mkhize
Siviwe Gwarube says the ANC protects Mkhize
The ANC has accused the DA of speeding up a case against Mkhize and Buthelezi over the Digital vibes tender share.
ANC Members of Parliament, Kenneth Jacobs, blames Gwarube on the fact that the committee was unable to reason on the matter.
I want to emphasize that the members have rushed into the matter of destruction, so the General Director and the Minister have a right to do what they do to ensure that they are not undermining their constitutional rights, says Jacobs.
Corruption charges: accusations of misconduct between the Department of Health and the Digital vibes
The late Ivy Gcina was hailed as the hero of the liberation struggle.
Minister of Defence and Legislature, nosiviwe Mapisa-Nqakula, was speaking at the funeral of the lockdown lockdown vassal, Ivy premi premiere Gzu, at the place where he seated himself in Gqeberha, Eastern Cape, on Friday.
She has been given the official funeral of Group 2 in particular by President Cyril Ramaphosa.
Published: Service at the funeral of ANC strugglegle-harden Ivyemba Gcina.
Mapisa-Nqakula says many of the saddened are going to demand that someone who has dedicated his life to struggle.
He was always ahead of his fight against the insidious policy of the National Party.
John, who is 84, has worked in many institutions during the war with the apartheid government including Port Elizabeth Black Civic Organisation ( PEBCO).
He was the first chairperson of the Port Elizabeth Women’s League ( PEWO).
He had joined the African National Congress (ANCYL) youth movement during the 1950s and had served in Parliament as a Member of the African National Congress from 1994 to 2004 on his retirement.
The funeral of the rebel struggling for excellence, Ivy premiere Gcina, is to be held at her hometown of Gqeberha, in the Eastern Cape on Friday morning.
She has been given a special 2nd official funeral by President Cyril Ramaphosa.
Political Analyst Ivor Sarakinsky says President Cyril Ramaphosa has had to make a decision against the Minister of Health Dr Zweli Mkhize as he faces serious crimes.
Sarakinsky says the President has not addressed the matter in a very specific way.
There have been accusations of Mkhize’s productivity from a R 150 million rands tender share given to the communications company Digital vibes.
Sargon says Ramaphosa finds himself in a very difficult situation because Mkhize is a doctor and knows what should be done with the COVID-19 pandemic.
Minister Mkhize has made things difficult for President Ramaphosa because in some cases of this humiliating democracy, the reward is for the minister to step aside from his duty with a view to protecting and taking disciplinary measures.
So it’s a job to do.
And if that were the case in South Africa, we would have had changes in the disgraceful cabinet appearances in media investigations and at the Zondo Commission.
Ramaphosa dealt with the charges.
On Wednesday, President Cyril Ramaphosa said he was not addressing Mkhize’s charges and the R 150 million contract share to Digital vibes.
The pressure has been rising from the DA and other agencies to have Mkhize retire or be removed by Ramaphosa.
The President said the accusations are serious and should be thoroughly investigated by law enforcement agencies and that the proper process will follow when the investigation is done.
Mkhize is expected to appear before the Parliament Health Committee on Friday.
Meanwhile, Mkhize will appear before the Parliament Health Committee on Friday morning to answer the charges of his involvement in the contracting assignment to Digital vibes.
The Chairperson of the National Assembly Committee and the Chairperson of the Committee with the Chairperson Cedrick Frolick have confirmed to SABC that Mkhize will appear before the committee.
Frolick says he has received an official application of the Mkhize’s appearance before the Health Committee on Friday morning.
Frolick says a private meeting with Mkhize and the Parliament and Health Committee will be held at 8 o ’ clock on Friday morning.
Democratic Alliance (DA) Deputy Minister of Health, Siviwe Gwarube, has charged with criminal activity against Mkhize at the Cape Town police station.
He charged with violating the Public Funding Act against the Head of the Department of Health Dr. Sandile Buthelezi.
The DA blames for state capture against Dr Zweli Mkhize.
The Interim Provincial Committee in the Free State of the African National Congress (ANC) has indicated that it will take action against members who face criminal cases but who are not suspended.
The committee was conducting talks and reports at Bloemfontein on the profits of its first assembly that was held earlier this week.
Deputy director, Paseka Nompondo says there are three concerned members.
In the meantime, I will say there are three of them involved and we are already contacting them this morning, We are facing this issue, government officials who have appeared in court this morning, government must work within the framework of the law.
And on our side, as the ANC, those who are in our position will be halted today, if anything, the ANC will do what is proper.
The ANC Provincial Director, Mxolisi dukwana says members who do not follow the party’s policy will no longer be admitted to the organisation.
We would like an opportunity to make sure that we work with members of the ANC.
We have shown that nobody is a hero; ANC members are not of nobody, nobody is the supporter of any leader.
A. They are ANC members and we must make sure that we find proper traits, members of the ANC will always be following the organisation and not the people.
Mxolisi dukwana has been appointed as the ANCs secretary-general of the Interim Provincial Committee of the Free State.
Minister of Health Dr. Zweli Mkhize will appear before the Parliamentary Health Committee on Friday morning to answer the allegations of his involvement in the Digital vibes conference.
The Chairperson of the National Assembly Committee and the Chairperson of the Chairperson Cedrick Frolick Committee have confirmed to SABC that Mkhize will appear before the committee.
The pressure is still ongoing that President Cyril Ramaphosa has to take action against Mkhize to secure a R 150 million tender share to the indefinitely unstable Digital vibes.
The tendara was for public services relating to the national health insurance policy and governments reaction to COVID-19.
The DA has charged with criminal activity against Mkhize
Meanwhile, Democratic Alliance (DA) Deputy Minister of Health, Siviwe Gwarube, has charged with criminal activity against Mkhize at the Cape Town police station.
He also charged with violating the Public Funding Act against General Director of the Department of Health Ngk Sandile Buthelezi.
This is after a revelation that Mkhize’s family may have blossomed from the R 150 million tender money that his department has donated to the communications company Digital vibes.
The company appointed former Mkhize Family Spokesperson, family friend Tahera Mather and former assistant minister, Naadhira Mitha.
The DA has charged with criminal activity against Dr. Zweli Mkhize
Ramaphosa dealt with the charges.
On Wednesday, President Cyril Ramaphosa reacted to charges against Zweli Mkhize and the R 150 million rands uncertainties of Digital vibes
There are serious charges that have to be investigated by the SIU and other relevant branches and have come to an end without delay.
President Cyril Ramaphosa says he dealt with charges against Dr Zweli Mkhize.
The Democratic Alliance (DA) is calling for the stand of the Minister of Health. Ngk Zweli Mkhize is taking place quickly.
DA Advocate, Health Minister Siviwe Gwarube has charged against Mkhize on Thursday at the Cape Town police station under the Crime Prevention Act.
The charges have emerged against Mkhize and the R 150 million tender of the Digital vibes telegraph company.
The DA has filed charges against the Department General Director, Ngk Sandile Buthelezi of a violation of the Law on Public funding.
Gwarube says, we are charging against Tona Mkhize, accusations have multiplied over the past few weeks causing Tona to have accidentally signed a Digital energes contract, a company run by people she knows each other and estimated to be R 150 million.
Our opinion is that this could be in conflict with the Counterfeiting Act and the ban on corruption.
The University of Special Inquiry (SIU) is weighing this fact, they told Scopa that they hope to complete the inquiry by the end of the month.
President Cyril Ramamaphosa has announced that he too is addressing the matter, saying Mkhize has full cooperation.
However, Gwarube says Mkhize had to be interdicted long ago, we note that the President had failed yesterday to use his leadership position to interdict Dr Mkhize, while further investigations from SIU are waiting.
We think that’s not good, we think there’s a curfew for the minister to continue his work while further investigations are being done.
Mkhize is accused of signing a contract where the directors are accused of being her friends, Tahera Mather and Naadira Mitha, of state communications.
Only the amount that is said to have ended up bearing fruit to Mkhize, her family and the families of the two directors.
In another case, the Public Protector says he has raised a case of disrespect for the Brooklyn police.
This is after Mkhize three times failed to respect her testimony.
The inquiry was filed between the month of February and that of the month.
President Cyril Ramaphosa consults with the media on a variety of subjects to follow his response, on his resolutions to President 2021 2019 2019
The Office of Public Protectors says it will initiate a hearing on the administration of the Inquiry against minister of Health Zweli Mkhize following failure to respect his testimony, to give evidence and to produce generations.
This is due to a study of allegations that are being postponed to / or the failure of his department to implement the recommendations of the Clinical Associate National Task Team report in 2017.
In a statement, the Office of Public Protectors said Mkhize failed to respect the trial three times.
The case will be opened against her at the police station in Brooklyn Hatfield, Pretoria this week.
The Office of Public Protectors will launch misunderstandings on operations against Ngk Zweli Mkhize.
Meanwhile, Democ Executive Alliance (DA), Siviwe Gwarube, has filed a criminal case against Mkhize at the Cape Town police station.
After revelations that the Mkhizes family may have blossomed from the R 150 million tender wages that his department has given to the communications company Digital vibes
The contract had to do with National Health Insurance programme and governments reaction to the coronavirus pandemic.
On Wednesday, President Cyril Ramaphosa said he had handled charges relating to Zweli Mkhize and an uncertain R 150 million contribution for Digital vibes.
There is growing pressure from the DA and other agencies for Mkhize to resign or be removed by Ramaphosa.
President Cyril Ramaphosa is responding to a debate on the President’s budget for 2021 24.2 on Thursday evening.
This follows his Wednesday budget address.
The National Assembly has issued a temporary development Committee of part 25 of the 30-day extension of the Constitution to complete its work.
The committee has been commissioned to come by law to enable an amendment that will allow for the globalization to be applied for an extension this week.
Her lifetime ended at midnight Monday.
Speakers at the National Assembly, Cedrick Frolick, said this did not alter the resolution of the Committee.
The committee’s resolution will be that way.
The committee will be re-created and it is asked to return with a report by the end of August, even if they have asked for an extension of 30 days, we know that the courts will be a rest even if they finish in 30 months, the report will be there and wait until we return in August.
Parliament had heard oral hearings of the nation by amending the proposal to amend Part 25 of the Constitution.
This follows a call by the Democratic Alliance (DA) to approve oral submissions in the proposed Constitutional Development.
The Interim Committee on the matter has responded to more than 200 000 written complaints.
It is currently conducting a proposal to amend the Constitution to enforce theft law.
Now there’s an enormous controversy in the development process.
However, the COSATU workers movement says it upholds the amendment and the deprivation Act.
The highest law in the world
Constitution of the South African Republic Is the Act
Article 108 of Parliament of 1994.
It is the highest law in the world.
So every law that violates the Constitution does not work unless even until it is amended to pass the constitutional exams.
The Constitution of the Rights in Chapter 2 is still the basis for democracy as expressed in the Constitution.
It is a region that makes provision for the protection of human dignity, the right of life, freedom of expression, equity, secrecy freedom, freedom of religion, freedom of faith and thought.
Other freedoms include political rights, freedom of business, employment and education.
However, all rights are within boundaries.
To amend the majority of the Constitution of the Rights requires most of the two-thirds boots.
One example requiring two thirds of the boulders is a legal statement on property, it is a statement under Part 25 of Constitution.
It is under Article 25 where the land debt and property is given.
Earlier, the legal declaration was amended by the Interim Committee to amend Part 25 of the Constitution to allow the globalization to be free of charge.
The amendment to Part 25 is currently being made through the framework of the 18th Amendment Constitution.
This means that for the 18th time, the Constitution of South Africa is being amended.
Additional report by Mercedes Besent.
The new African National Congress (ANC) member of the African Provincial Committee of State Capture (IPC) must outline your project on Thursday.
The company, selected in May, is going to speak to the media later on Thursday morning.
A member of the organisation, Tshidiso N month, says the first return for the recently-held IPC meeting will be what is expected.
The company, which saw the retired secretary-general Ace Magashule of the Economic Development MEC, Mxolisi dukwana, appointed as Deputy Deputy Deputy Prime Minister, Sisi Ntombela, has seen the province at the election conference.
The company that was formed after the party membership dispute overpowered the High Court of Appeal that saw the Provincial Executive Committee as unconstitutional and unconstitutional.
Angry ANC Free State Members Receive the SCA sentence
A number of ANC branches at Mahikeng vowed to support Magashule.
ANC members from the 35 branches of the North West Cape sector have disciplined the temporary intervention of the party’s secretary-general, Ace Magashule.
His temporary resignation began on May 3,
Magashule has come out with a will and faces allegations of fraud, corruption, and illicit loans relating to the tender in the Free State that were issued during his period as Minister of provinces.
ANC members at the region part of Mahikeng meeting, shortly after news that Magashule has been suspended.
Members look to Magashule for beauty and corruption.
The leadership of young people in the Balkans regional Municipality, Koketso Moiloa, accuses the ANC president of Magashule’s position.
Herman Mashaba’s political party, ActionSA has accused the South African Electoral Commission (IEC) of asking for gifts from political parties through the multi-Party Democracy Fund.
The fund has been set up in accordance with the funding Act of the Political Party, which was enacted in April this year.
It seeks to raise and raise donated funds from the private sector to represent political parties.
Just two months after its introduction, the Multi-Party Democracy Fund is under the examination fund.
ActionSA explains that the IEC violates constitutional provisions in connection with the fund.
It accuses the commission of regularly collectioning funds for ten political parties at the National Assembly but does not include political parties such as ActionSA, which may have a standing after the national elections of 20 24.
ActionSA wrote to the IEC leader, Sy Mamabolo and the Deputy Chairperson, Masego Sheburi, that the gathering of the funds for the IEC to multi-Party Democracy is fast halted.
The IEC has confessed that it was enthusiastic to ask for funds for the 14 political parties represented at the National Assembly, who have already received billions in the public funding each year from taxpayers.
It is unbearable that the actions of the IEC are advancing the current political situation especially when South Africans fail to do so, said ActionSA lawyer LOVE Ngobeni.
Herman Mashaba of ActionSA accuses the IEC of asking for gifts from political parties
Earlier this year, the IEC indicated that it was taking steps to further the fund.
The fund can eradicate corruption by enabling political parties and financial assistants to remain in the open.
Democracy is expensive and a private funding department cannot provide funding for political parties, especially under extreme conditions.
To ensure that we continue to enjoy the enthusiasm, happiness and strong support of many communities we hope that this fund will provide tender care and open hands so that business companies, individuals and other organizations can throw funds on other parties without having a direct involvement with them or trying to express themselves, said IEC Chairperson Janet LOVE.
The party has addressed the CEO of the committees and the CEO, the CEO of the CEO, demanding that the fund be suspended quickly and that the funds be returned to its owners.
ActionSA has handed the case over to the IEC until Friday, in response to their demands, otherwise they will bring the matter to court.
Gavjaana, the commission is still heading for the matter and will comment on it at a later stage.
President Cyril Ramaphosa has handled charges concerning Dr Zweli Mkhize, Minister of Health and R 150 million uncertainties.
President Ramaphosa delivered a keynote address in Parliament:
He says the charges are serious and must be thoroughly investigated by law enforcement agencies.
President Ramaphosa says procedures are being followed when the process of investigation is finalised.
The allegations of uncertain tenders in the Department of Health are serious and are a test to combat corruption.
Lawson Naidoo, senior Secretary of the Constitutional Development Council of South Africa, explains that the allegations of tenders that are unreliable in the Department of Health are a serious test of combating corruption.
Naidoo says the story is a truly warning sign to the nation of South Africa.
This is a real mark to South African society as a whole that the matter is serious.
The issue of state devotion, to what extent are they willing to fight corruption.
We’re going to receive a report from Deputy Chief Justice within three months that describes how we will deal with the government.
But we are going to deal with the problems as they look at us.
Is there any hope that the recommendations for the Zondo Commission will be handled ahead of the court of law?
The DAs pressures.
The pressure is rising from the Democratic Alliance (DA) and others to have Mkhize retire or be removed by President Ramaphosa.
Mkhize said a investigation into allegations that the concerts of her Department’s millions of rands found that the dealings with the communications company, Digital vibes, were uncertain.
Mkhize denies that she was involved
Mkhize denies that she contributed to the uncertain contraction of a million rands by her Department.
This is after the Special unit of Inquiry found that the interaction between the Department of Health and the communications company,Digital vibes, was uncertain.
Following is a report that the Department has paid Digital vibes 150 million for public health services relating to insurance and government response to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Mkhizes interview on behalf of Digital vibes:
Mkhize says the money paid to Digital vibes has been found to be worthless and a financial ruin.
The long-awaited case of ANC Secretary General, ACE Magashule who was interrupted is expected to be heard before the end of June.
High Court is expected to hear the matter.
Magashule has been suspended for a while after refusing to take sides with the party resolution.
A discussion with ANC Deputy Secretary-General suspended for a while, ACE Magashule:
The National Executive Committee has instructed him to make a public apology to the ANCs regions after writing President Cyril Ramaphosa a letter of recommendation, but he declined to continue the matter in court.
ANC National Deployment Committee speaks out the ACE Magashule Disregard.
Magashule has applied for the service of the High Council, Advocate Dali Mpofu.
He wants his stand removed.
Magashule ’ s Morals are unclear
Last week, Ramaphosa described Magashule’s conduct as frightening and incomprehensible.
ANC spokesperson Pule Mabe said the party’s constitution was being ratified.
The party is not in trouble.
Unfortunately, the ANC Constitution has been taken to trial.
The party has already issued a statement explaining that it will have any opposition to the secretary-general’s application.
As long as courts are pursued in the manner that they are pursued, the ANC must defend itself and its Constitution and also defend its decisions.
Pule Mabe speaks of the Magashule court decision and the conduct of other key ANC members at the Zuma trial.
Ikfu has a right to perform his duties in a professional manner
Meanwhile, some have questioned Myfu’s decision to represent Magashule and President Jacob Zuma in his case of corruption.
EFF leader Julius Malema says Ifu has a right to do his duties in a professional manner, without fear and the party cannot interfere in his private work.
Any EFF doctor can test Jacob Zuma if he is sick; they have taken a job affidavit and we must let that be.
We cannot say to the doctor, if Zuma is sick, you will not be able to examine her, then she will be opposed to her affidavit.
So it’s with legal counsel.
We must let them do their work without political restrictions; we must respect their professional responsibilities.
We cannot say that the EFF Treasurer can’t raise the ANC literature; that would be oppressive on them personally and in a professional manner.
We will end up telling people with whom they love and with whom they never love.
Let people do their professional jobs
When it comes to political matters, Dali does his job fearlessly; when it comes to his professional career, he does not ask for permission from us.
EFF says it does not comment on who is the lawyer.
Dali Mpofu is a court representative.
President Cyril Ramaphosa is raising the budget for his office.
His budget is being carried out at a time when he is under pressure to expel Zweli Mkhize, Minister of Health, as other accusations are emerging about the Digital vibes tender.
On Tuesday, other political opposing parties have accused the African National Congress (ANC) in Parliament of asking the executive lighter questions and expressing their views on the Act of Disaster Control.
They said Parliament doesn’t have a talk in the lockdown.
Some have asked which part is played by Parliament to ensure that Mkhize is responding to the Digital vibes tenders.
Political parties will debate the President’s budget, but he will respond on Thursday.
President Cyril Ramaphosa breaks down the budget for his offices at the National Assembly
Minister of Health Zweli Mkhize refutes to have a share in the giving of a million contract by his Department
After the Special University of Inquiry found that the Public Health Conference with the Communications Company, Digital vibes, was uncertain.
It follows a newspaper report that the department has paid $40 million for services relating to the national health insurance and government response to the COVID-19 pandemic.
President Ramaphosa is awaiting the SIU Report on unfounded charges against Digital vibes
President Cyril Ramaphos will issue a budget for his office in Parliament gomipieno during the day.
The following are the procedures in Parliament.
The Democratic Alliance (DA) has questioned part of Parliament in accusing Dr Zweli Mkhize, Minister of Health, of accountability for allegations of an uncertain contract to the communications agreement, Digital vibes.
Opposition parties have accused parliamentary members of the African National Congress (ANC) of defending the Executive Committee, which was revealed during the heated Parliament budget discussion.
Opposition agencies say ANC members ask ministers and their supporters they find simple questions, but some do not answer the questions listed.
They voiced their concerns about the Act of Disaster regulation, that Parliament does not have a speech in a criminal case.
DA Members of Parliament, Jacques Julius says while ANC members can also play its part in encouraging the Parliament to take responsibility.
We can do our work with this moderation and a good idea for them to start with is that it asks logical questions either on the floor or in the vernacular.
Accusations of misconduct between the Department of Health and Digital vibes:
Meanwhile, there is great pressure on President Cyril Ramaphosa to expel Mkhize, whereas there are continuous accusations against the minister.
Digital vibes, a company that has been awarded contracts to work in connection with the National Health Insurance ( RangI) and the reactions to the COVID-19 pandemic, is to have been paid to provide for the citizenship that belongs to Mkhize’s family unit.
The company is also charged with sending around R300 000 to all enterprises, a company that the son of Mkhize is its Director.
SIU looks at a contract between Digital vibes and the Department of Health.
The National Assembly Speaker Thandi Modise has reiterated that the Pan African Parliament, which is in Midrand, Johannesburg, is the African Union Union Union Union foundation, so the principles of the Foundation must be applied.
The Pan African Parliament has been suspended after Parliamentary Members have caused chaos for three consecutive days.
Members need to be united in the elections and Southern elections as well as in promoting a shift in the leadership process like the African Union, while Eastern and West groups are opposed.
Anarchy in PAP today.
Modise delivered a developmental talk for the National Assembly.
He says South Africa expects the PAP to comply.
We acknowledge PAP as the country, we have our members waiting at the institution, we need to take good interest in the PAP work, especially on matters that are not on the PAP road.
SA is always being found fault, it doesn’t matter whether we are guilty or not, but in reality we haven’t played our part as well as the winners and we are correcting that.
ANC Members of Parliament condemn confusion.
ANC Members of Parliament, Bhekizhethwa Radebe, condemns the chaos and hurdles.
South Africa is the state captain of the PAP, and it has representatives who are members of Parliament.
Radebe says events from Midrand could undermine the continent.
What happened at the PAP was disappointing indeed, but it must be rebuked for such conduct to be shown around the world.
How will other regions around the world treat us if we are able to treat one another like this?
Malema is applying for the AU intervention.
Economic Freedom Fighters (FF) leader, Julius Malema, says the African Union needs to intervene in issues recently raised by the Pan African Parliament (PAP) in Midrand, Johannesburg.
Malema, who attended the convention, explained the events were disappointing.
This issue is a powerful one.
People have different opinions.
We have stopped the meeting to discuss these matters further.
Hopefully there will be a solution and our suggestion is to bring in somebody who is from AU to intervene and conduct the elections.
There are two letters from SA that workmates refuse to respond to and disputes relating to letters from SA.
So if somebody else comes to guide us, we can all cooperate.
The African National Congress Women League (ANCWL) says its disappointment is the incident of gender-based violence that took place in the Pan- African Parliament (PAP) on Monday.
Djibril War of Senegal, has appeared in a camera kicking ANC Parliamentary Members, Kemmy Majidina during a heated dispute.
In a statement, the ANCWL says, Cde Pemmy, described the incident in public and said, he attempted to mediate and halt the hand-to-hand conflict between two leaders men, but he found himself beaten and his dignity undermined in public.
As the ANCWL we condemn the actions of Djibrils, but we are very disappointed that a leader of his position in the community would violate a woman in a similar manner.
ANCWL members will be standing outside the Pan-African Parliament because of the Majodinas attack.
They call on PAP to halt the war.
Majodina was willing to open a case against the delegation in Senegal.
However, he changed his feelings after War apologised.
A member of the PAP from Senegal is applying to the Majodina.
The Democratic Alliance (DA) says up to date, 50 000 people have signed an appeal against the amended Bill of gun Control.
The reasoning of the Act can, if it is made a law, prevent the giving of a gun license in cases of personal protection.
It will also reduce the number of guns that can be owned by one person, sporting and hunting.
The DA is opposed to this Constitution and calls on many to sign their appeal.
DA Police Spokesperson, Andrew Whitfield, says a legal gun is another way that South Africans can defend themselves.
The DA acknowledges that the amended principle of guns regulation is one of the most cruel features of the law that they have experienced over the course of a period of time.
Basically the Motive aimed at removing the defence as a reason for possession of a gun.
The DA acknowledges that in the civil unrest such as in South Africa, this is uncertain and unreasonable.
The DA is also concerned about the concern of shooting companies as well as the private defence and the deliberate obstacles that are being imposed on them, explains Whitfield.
The Congress of the People (COPE) is also against the Act and says it will influence other opposition parties to act against it.
party spokesperson, Dennis Bloem, says all South Africans have a right to defend themselves.
This development is shameful and mad.
This principle does not make sense when it says no gun license is given for self-defense purposes.
It becomes evident that this government does not take the lives of its citizens seriously.
Flowered criminals will harass law-abiding citizens more than before, explains Bloem.
The state says the proposed law will help reduce corruption.
Former African National Congress (ANC) President, Thabo Mbeki said, the movement should give attention to members who join the party in an effort to advance their own selfish interests.
He was speaking at the ANC Provincial Conference of the Executive Council (PEC) in the Eastern Cape.
The ANC’s three-day meeting of the PEC was focused on undermining the party.
Mbeki says greedy living has corrupted the ANC and has divided it from its responsibility to improve the lives of the poor.
Because we haven’t talked about the issue raised by former President Nelson Mandela in 1997 about greed, we have failed in addressing that fact.
If we are renewing, would you renew the ANC and those greedy people, and the answer was that it would not make sense, explains Mbeki.
The former president of the ANC Comrade Thabo Mbeki, arrived first at the three-day addition to the PEC convention that starts today.
Former Public Enterprises Minister, Malusi Gigaba, denied the State Capture Commission that she received cash bags from the Gupta family.
Gigaba continues testifying after being accused by several witnesses, including his wife, Nomachule, of agreeing with the family which is being discussed.
He explains that his wife, who is on the way out, tries to find fault with him about the breakup.
If he was there, and see if I got money, then he is also involved in the crime.
So, if he was directed into his afidafit, he would have been denied a case of cash or if he was given money, he only got it in the middle and you imagined it was from the Gupta, says the former Minister.
I couldn’t tell the chairperson his intentions.
The reason whether he couldn’t see when I got any money or I take it to the car and I try to insert security guards is because there wasn’t any such money, explains Gigaba.
The commission listens to evidence relating to the Gupta.
Gigaba continued to refute all the allegations against her that her wife had made.
The former minister has denied Nomachule’s testimony at the commission in connection with the former chairperson of South African Airways (SAA), Dudu Myeni, that he was giving her instructions from President Jacob Zuma.
Gigaba also rejected his wife’s testimony that Myeni at some point had threatened to bring her back to her Seat of the Ministry of Public Affairs, a lower state unless she followed the directives.
The meeting will continue on Tuesday.
It will hear evidence relating to Prasa from two staff members of the Rail Agency, including the Legislature Head, Martha Nordye.
Former Transnet Credit Line, Gary Pita, will step aside and give evidence concerning the company.
The trial will start at 3pm.
Former Public Enterprises Minister, Malusi Gigaba continues to refute all allegations against her at the State Capture Commission in Johannesburg, which was made by his wife, Noma.
Gigaba also disagreed with her remarks at the commission on the fact that the former chairman of SAA Dudu Myeni had given her orders from President Jacob Zuma.
I would look stupid if I said I didn’t understand why and Myeni was seated because I was a Minister when he was appointed.
We have asked the Kabinet to hire a new board and to approve of his appointment as chairman as one of the people who worked on the previous board appointed by Tona Hogan.
Last week, Gigaba refuted the allegations that she had business dealings with the Gupta league.
Gigaba recalls going several times to the offices of the Gupta, the Sahara Computers, in Johannesburg to receive invitations.
He insisted that he had only social and cultural relations with the Guptas but not with business matters.
Gigaba has told Deputy Chief Justice Raymond Zondo that he continued meeting the Guptas even after his appointment as Minister.
Strong ties with political parties, the media and other key players are a flood of success for the independent Electoral Commission (IEC) in the Western Cape.
This is according to clergyman Courtney sampson who served as the IEC Provincial Chairperson for 22 years.
Sampson retired early this month.
She dropped in her first study at 38 years of age.
Five years later, he was appointed the chairperson of the organisation that was facing the elections in the country.
Meanwhile, former President Thabo Mbeki is expected to submit a warning about the assembly and the party’s renewal.
He will also contribute to the ANC’s confirmation as an internal organisation.
ANC PEC spokesperson, Loyiso Mag updateela, says the convention will highlight the heritage of the founder of the organisation to assist those who are following it now.
To confirm the point of the adjustment and the convention, we need to take wisdom from those taking the lead so that the adjustment can be properly directed.
Today you can understand that the ANC is under pressure from left to right and middle.
Now the new adjustment project will be necessary.
We want to put more emphasis on the authority and leadership of the ANC in the nation, says Mag Executiveela.
He says on Monday the organisation will address the various officials to hear their concerns.
May 21 2021. Political Representative Dr. Lembuyo Dondolo said the ANC needs a pact solution to revive the organisation.
He says the organisation can revive confidence following current solutions, but to a greater degree they will need to work hard.
This comes after the Eastern Cape ANC speaks of taking the wisdom of the former leaders, including Mbeki to participate at the three-day executional committee meeting that is currently taking place.
The involvement of former leaders such as Thabo Mbeki, leaders who have been identified with the tradition of the law in the way of renewing the organisation, is a short-lived strategy that the ANC uses to defeat the hearts of the electors but the ANC needs lasting strategies, with a short-lived solution that leads to defeating the elections in certain municipalities and there are certain cities where they have a hard competition from some political parties, he added.
The African National Congress (ANC) has called on the three-day extended provincial executive committee (PEC) meeting at the East London International Convention Centre in the Eastern Cape.
Former ANC President, Thabo Mbeki, is expected to raise a resolution about the party’s upheaval.
We will bring all those concerned under the same area because, what is important to us is “ the people are ” what their concerns are in front of the leaders, so that when they make submissions the former President has the opportunity to speak to other people and try to respond to the facts that they can make.
African National Congress (ANC) Deputy Secretary-General, Jessie Duarte says, against negative feelings, the objective of the first step aside is not to look at the same person.
His talk was after the general writer Ace Magashule consulted with the high court in Johannesburg to request a disclosure of the constitution and to set aside a resolution.
He was suspended after refusing to retire.
Magashule is facing a number of charges of fraud, corruption, money management relating to unacceptable claims of a donation of over R250 million on the asbes-roof counter.
Magashule was given 48 hours to make a public apology to the ANC branches, after writing a resignation letter to the President of the organisation Cyril Ramaphosa.
Speaking at the ninth ANC conference in the Northern Cape in Namakwa, Duarte said the resolution was for those who had been accused of serious crimes.
Comrade John Block when found guilty, did not hesitate to step aside.
Comrade Marius Fransman, “ I can continue, a long list ”
Comrade Pallo Jordan stands out.
Comrade Mdu Manana has moved aside.
The problem is, not with a specific person but, that is why the problem exists.
The key issue is the ANC resolution.
The ANC General Secretary who has been suspended from office is taking the ANC Ace Magashule to court.
ANC Chairperson in the Northern Cape, Dr Zamani Saul, who is expected to continue with the work, has disciplined members of the National Executive Committee (NEC) who fail to heed their decisions and act directly.
In recent weeks, ANC NEC members have released their convention publications to the media and the nation, which Saul views as a corrupted ideology.
Speaking during the ninth provincial elective conference in Namakwa, Saul said the ANC NEC has the responsibility to provide the leadership of all ANCs and society.
We are not hesitant to see quarrels and weapons in the NEC; we cannot have political destruction.
We have members who have changed the NEC and the NCC conventions for a pleasant new trade in printing NEC negotiations and selecting those that they lock in the public and the media.
This comrades are dangerous politics, but to be sure, they have to be halted.
Zamani says the ANC should restore its corrupt picture: Memberial thievery.
Party opposition to Saul in the Gaetsewe region has accused the ANC of stealing members.
The ANC Conference was postponed on Friday night.
It was due to be the final district conference, ahead of the next weekend.
Saul, who is also the prime minister of the Northern Cape, says the provincial executive committee will meet on Saturday to discuss further matters.
All branches have not yet been registered because there are institutions that were sent to the provincial writer but not according to the secretary’s district.
party member Jerry Leserwane says; they want to steal branches and its representatives.
Additional report by Reginal Witbooi.
People flocked to bring condolences after the death of the faithful, 84.-year-old Ivy Coca Gcina of the ANC.
The ANC of the Nelson Mandela Bay region described his death as a terrible plague on the organisation.
She joined the ANC youth movement in the 1950s and was actively involved in riots and complaints against Black education.
He was spearheading a committee of women, after the appointment of Port Elizabeth Black Civic Organisation ( PEBCO) and was also appointed the first chairperson of Port Elizabeth Women ’ s organisation ( PEWO).
Grief-stricken people had been visiting the Gcina home to deliver a refreshment.
Among them are former combatants; such as Benson Frens, Nceba and lithoembu.
It’s a great loss for her three boys in the struggle with the challenges, two at the third battle in captivity.
Her boys were all members of Umkhonto we Sigaba.
The ANC is in his region saying his inheritance will not be forgotten.
ANC regional member Nceba Faku and ANCWL NEC speaking about her involvement in the struggle for integrity.
All his children are tormented in exile and, they were necessary in the fight against oppression, a sad loss he was only eighty years old, his wisdom will not be forgotten, says Faku.
He is a lover of people, he wanted to change lives for people and bring liberation to women, he loved the ANC and the ANCWL, it was a sad loss to our organisation, says Sihlwayi.
It’s a great loss for her brother, sister and granddaughter.
The family spokesperson is Andile Hashe, she says she lived for the ANC.
The only thing he knew and lived was the ANC. He loved each of us, let his soul rest in peace.
He was a member of parliament after the 1994 elections and retired in 1994.
You will be buried next week on Saturday.
A report by Lwando Nomoyi.
Parliament celebrated the 25th constitutional year.
The last constitution was adopted in December 1996 and came into effect in January 2017.
Parliament had hosted a meeting today to remind itself of its practices and rules.
It is lauded as a good constitution of the world and strong for human rights and dignity following the colonial years and apartheid, South Africa’s Apex Union comes with a variety of answers.
Five decades since the ratification of the constitution of South Africa, the constitution of the country is still at odds with its value.
Although many political parties have described the success of their achievement, some consider it a tool of oppression and loss of property.
The two doors of Parliament had a heated argument to commemorate 25 years of constitutional recognition.
In 1996 the South African Parliament held a meeting of the General Assembly to receive its new constitution.
At the platform where it is being spoken, there has been a former deputy president of the country to give a lecture on a celebrated document.
For two-and-a-half years, many South Africans are afraid of this phenomenon which they call the living structure of their hopes and aspirations.
A tool of freedom.
Through the argument, the minister of international relations and cooperation, Naledi pandor, hails those who have taken part in preparing the constitution of the country.
He praised African National Congress (ANC) leaders, such as the late Zola Skweyiya and Vor Asmal, for their key role.
pandor says the leaders of the party; such as King Mangosuthu Buthelezi, James Selfe of the Democratic Alliance (DA), Kenneth Meshoe of the African Christian Democratic Party (ACDP) also played a useful role.
pandor, who has participated in the joint debate, says this Sunday unites the people of the country in a manner in which another legal process cannot bring them together.
There are millions who have formed our constitution.
Not just those attending a constitutional meeting.
It’s not for just a few.
It is our freedom tool to honour Kwame Nkrumah, Patrice Lumumba, Sekou Turin.
We in Parliament and government, we play a key role in honoring men and women and millions of others.
We must continue to make sure that the service conditions for people are honorable to pandor.
Looking back at the 25 years of constitution, the political parties of South Africa are newly dedicated.
Some of the foremost lawyers in the country were still young when the constitution was ratified.
And they also held it up.
One of them, DA Natasha Mazzone’s senior headquarters, says those who want to undermine this incident are being ignored.
He said it is the duty of all Members of Parliament who have vowed to keep the Constitution, they must do so.
So it is very important that if this incident is condemned, we should view it as a subversion plan.
We cannot have prominent politicians make claims that the Constitution is being ignored or is not going to be considered, or more important than that it will have no effect on their work.
We must have one oppression on these languages, and we must have the power to take them to their right places in prison to say Mazzone
Though Buthelezi has committed the leadership of the IFP to the new leaders, the younger ones continue to be seen by most of his members as a politician whose reminders are respected.
He says although he was unhappy with certain constitutional provisions, he is happy with the part that his party played in its composition.
EFF blames the Constitution.
The Economic Freedom Fighters (EFF) says the Constitution of South Africa did nothing to undo Black oppression.
The organisation says, indeed, they have shielded those who are productive from oppression, while millions of Black people still live in extreme poverty.
EFF Chairperson Ntombovuyo Mente says the party will not rest until the Constitution is amended to allow the world to be robbed free of charge.
It launches similar morals between the demands of the lives of the many who have been deprived and the interests of the few who are deprived.
It reflects on the world and on you, persecuted people living in peace with their persecutors, without even finding justice and acknowledging past mistakes.
It refers to acknowledging injustices committed against us in the past but also protecting those who have committed these injustices and their children, says Mente.
How have governments and South Africa upheld constitutional values?
Photefolio of the joint security committee has called on the security minister nosiviwe Mapisa-Nqakula ahead of it to answer the allegations of corruption.
Mapisa-Nqakula is accused of receiving 5 million gifts and money from the provider of the South African army (SANDF).
The United Democratic Movement (UDM) leader, Bantu Homisa, has brought allegations to the committee, saying someone has given him the information.
Mapisa-Nqakula has written to the committee to refute the charges.
However, the fellow Chairperson of the committee 27.ck Nchabeleng says they need more information from the minister and the person who has presented the news.
We start by working and finding time to communicate with the minister so that we can get his answers.
But then we could ask questions.
We need information, such as a statement or affidavit, at least we know that somebody wrote something on us.
We need something that comes into view from this person.
Holomisa refers to Minister Mapisa-Nqakula in the five million cases of shame.
On April, the Democratic Alliance (DA) called on President Cyril Ramaphosa to raise an urgent investigation into charges that Transport Mapisa-Nqakula had wasted millions of taxpayers on airplanes and luxury accommodations.
The organisation says; he must step aside without charge, yet the results are still in store.
DA’s minister of defence Kobus Marais says the evidence has been handed over to the united security committee, but it covers a minimum of five reasons where it can no doubt be directed to Mapisa-Nqakula.
There are pressures from the DA and others that health minister Zweli Mkhize should step aside or be removed by President Cyril Ramaphosa.
The National Health Department is telling news about the unhealthy Digital vibes contract. A special investigation unit is investigating allegations that the Department of Health has paid Digital energes 150 million for services relating to the national health insurance and government response to the COVID-19 pandemic.
charges of misconduct between the Department of Health and Digital vibes.
Political analyst of the indefinite tenderar, Tessa Dooms, raised questions about the truths that Mkhize had done after she declined to share in the uncertain contract assignment of many millions of her department.
Tahera Mather, former personal lawyer for Mkhize and former assistant Naadhira Mitha, are to be in charge of the Digital vibes Foundation, although both of them do not have a list as directors.
Doom says it’s hard to believe Mkhize, as she argued in the media.
It’s hard to believe her that she’s opposed at a press meeting.
He said he didn’t know, until it came time for him to know that he had participated in assemblies planning with him, to be able to do paid work, so he realized on one occasion.
But it would be a great affirmation that the conditions for the work that must be done in his office and that he should have no idea of it.
Additional report Risha Mad Executive.
Justice Raymond Zondo, chairperson of the government commission in Johannesburg, says President Cyril Ramaphosa will appear before the commission at the late June.
Ramaphosa will appear as the President of the country.
His former appearance was president of the African National Congress (ANC).
Ramaphosa was scheduled to give evidence the following week but will not do so anymore.
Zondo says he will announce another date in June when the President will appear.
Ramaphosa will be the last record to give oral evidence to the commission that avoids ending before they begin to make a report.
State Capture Inquiry: 25 May 2021
Last month Ramaphosa had appeared before the commission as the President of the ANC.
He also has to make lockdown remarks as the President of the state.
On Tuesday, Commission Chairperson, Deputy Chief Justice Raymond Zondo said they expected to complete the evidence at the end of March, but they did carefully to make this possible.
He said he would make hearings as much as possible and would appeal to a limited court to finalize the Commission Report.
Zondo said it was important that high officials in governmental institutions (SOEs) where there are accusations of corruption and arrest be given time to finish the testimony.
Deputy Chief Justice Zondo said the commission understands the fact that there are applications for leave to cross-examine.
He suggested that the commission could make some deviations, but also some witnesses can be called.
Legislature Phillip yetyn Curlewis refers to Jacob Zuma’s special appeal to the former president, asking that lawyer Billy Downer release himself from his criminal case at the Pietermaritzburg court, as a very difficult appeal.
Zuma and the French arms company, Thales, have declared their innocence on charges of fraud and please at the Pietermaritzburg High Court.
The matter has been postponed to July 19 so that the debate can be heard by Justice Piet Koen.
Curlewis says the defence department will have to issue special cases to the special appeal court for its success.
On Wednesday of this week, a team of Zuma regulations, led by lawyer Dali Mpofu, raised a statement in court on the grounds of a special appeal that will be argued about on July 19th.
A request is in line with part 106 H of the Criminal Procedure Act.
The state will also have an opportunity to present its case in this regard, Downer has told the court that the extra counsel is preparing for the answer because it was the very essence of the special appeal.
Former Zuma President does not condemn himself.
Independence and neutrality
In view of the statement read in the court, the Deputy Chief Spokesperson has told the Office that Zuma believes that the Deputy Chief Spokesperson deserves equality and independence.
There are good reasons and circumstances to suggest that Downer acted in a neutral and neutral manner, which is important in the enforcement of the law.
Downer has failed to uphold the circumstances necessary to defend his indecision that my trial be resolved and that it be carried out in accordance with the Constitution.
Downer has placed himself a testimony against me when he filled the afidafiti with the support of a democratic alliance, a request to weigh and set aside a decision that the NPA had made to end my trial.
Curlewis says the judge Piet Koen will be placed in position to hear a special application to account for the charges and the trial as judge, saying it enters the procedures.
No, that is not possible.
The first questions started, not meant that the now-held judge will see the matter come to an end unless there is a reason for the liberation to come later.
But that’s not what is expected.
When he was given an opportunity to respond to a special call, Thale’s defence led by Justice Barry Roux jokingly answered that they were the only passengers on the matter.
But he says there’s a funeral ahead of them to refute the request.
If a special appeal should be effective, only at a time can the accused be expected to render an official charge on the charges and then we will call it a form of appeal, which is inadmissible or inadmissible.
In this instance, he did not condemn himself.
It’s not inappropriate to enter a special call, one, which is raised in Part 106.
Basically 1 H, where they want to remove the pollster of the country from the trials.
In the case of lawyer Billy Downer, now in minor cases, will the court have a special application?
But the facts Dali jealousy for Zuma is that Billy downer will not have any intention and stand alone in his performance in the matter, because he once made a vow to replace the Democratic Alliance with a matter that was in court and as a result, they say he did not stand alone.
Curlewis described the following service after Justice Koen handed down the verdict, not at the very moment of the special application.
If the defence is correct with their request for accountability, and the office supports it, I repeat myself, in view of what I have seen in our law of journals and accounts and the authorities of the matter, they will not succeed, just imagine that they will succeed in continuing to look at a matter at the related court and then be attacked from an unthinkable letter because of the fact that the accusation is in the previous charges once again when someone spoke mainly in part rather than in 106.
I apply for 1 H. I am speaking of the requests for “ I am guilty ” or “ I am guilty ” and at this time, “ I am guilty, the court must declare its accomplishment after the requests. Only the court can do that, so the matter will continue after 19.
For a number of days to come, the NPA (NPA) National Capture Commission will answer on 2 June.
Zuma legal group is expected to be the heads of their argument on 5 July, while the NPA will follow on 12 July.
A special call for recommendation is scheduled for July 19.
Zuma speaks to her supportive people after her appearance in court on Wednesday.
The cabinet has expressed concerns about the COVID-19 infection increase in fears that the country is in a third wave.
The government is examining the proper response to the growing number of infections and President Cyril Ramaphosa who is expected to address the nation immediately.
On Wednesday, the Department of Health more than 4,600 new infections and over 56,000 COVID-19-related deaths.
The number of infections has been increasing over the last few days.
When he addressed the cabinet’s return to a cabinet meeting held on Wednesday, the minister of State arrested Khumbudzo Ntshaneni said, they are still negotiating for a righteous government response to the pandemic.
The country started with a second-grade vaccination plan and people over the age of 60 are the ones who will be given the first opportunity to be assisted.
But with thousands of them already registered, Ntshavheni says they will have to wait a bit before they come.
He says the dosage of those who have registered depends on the availability of doses in their provinces.
In the case of the corruption of the 150 million Digital vibes contract and the enormous public pressure that Dr Zweli Mkhize has placed on him to resign, Minister Ntshavheni says they are heeding the allegations of corruption, the matter was not condemned in the cabinet.
He says the Cabinet is looking at the possibility of what should happen to the Gauteng e-tolls, we are looking at financial vows during the provincial upgrade program.
The Democratic Alliance (DA) in Gauteng has complained about the delay in reopening the Charlotte Maxeke hospital in Johannesburg after it was burned last month.
The fire started at a healthcare facility and spread to other parts of the hospital.
Gauteng Minister David Makhura speaks to the media outside the hospital.
The DA Health MEC in Gauteng, Jack Bloom, says some patients instructed to operate nearby hospitals have not yet received medical attention because there are so many people in need of assistance.
According to the Department there are some safer features.
I think it is very important to know
And hospital management is waiting for a safety certificate from the JHB mayor, adds Bloom.
Meanwhile, I receive terrible calls from patients, especially cancer patients and people in the kidneys who are not received.
People tell me that they just tried different ropes they didn’t get help.
It’s a problem because we’re looking at the third wave.
The problem with closing the hospital is that patients are being taken to other overcrowded hospitals and we also have to be aware of what is going on with hospitals; explains Boom.
Below are a complete interview with Jack Bloom
Former President Jacob Zuma has told all who have authority in the justice process to break free from racism because they want to interrogate themselves politically.
He says if the South African judges demand respect from him and his family, they will have to do what is right with his trial for corruption.
Zuma spoke to a number of her supporters who met in Pietermaritzburg after taking their stand on fraud and corruption.
The President says he wants a hearing to come to an end soon.
I wish the law could stop the discrimination, because it becomes a practice for the justice system to take sides.
May this not come to an end, so that we can come to respect the law.
If those in authority don’t respect us, we will honor them.
Zuma says she is not guilty.
Zuma and the French weapons company Thales are facing fraud, corruption, corruption, and mismanagement of unruly funding in relation to the billion rands of armaments.
The trial has been postponed to July 19.
SABC Political Intercessor Mwandile Mbeje handed over the trial.
The Interim Provincial Committee (IPC) of the African National Congress (ANC) in the North West province has instructed five members to stand aside.
Members from the village of Tsetse outside Mahikeng are concerned as well as eleven on serious charges including attempts to kill.
One of them is the member secretary, while the others are state officials.
ANC IPC Provincial Secretary, Hlomane Chauke, says the five accused have already received letters to enlighten them on the resolution.
Chauke says, according to the convention resolution and the directives, we have already discussed with five comrades the need for them to take their stand aside in the organisation.
So we have discussed with them in line with the 257, Act, that they need to stand aside in the actions of the ANC.
SABC reporter Patrick Dintwa has heard more about the matter.
On Wednesday, the South African Communist movement (SACP) in Limpopo urged all ANC members who were affected by the step aside to uphold the law.
According to the organisation, only 1 of the 8 ANC members in Limpopo is concerned, has heard the appeal, while some have been supplied with the announcement of their standing.
The SACP says the whole country hopes that they will obey the law.
Last week, the ANCs suspended general secretary, Ace Magashule, laid in court papers that violated the constitution of the step of the stop.
All the leaders of the governing party facing charges relating to fraud, corruption, and mismanagement of blood, had to stand aside in their positions.
Magashule refused to do so and was later suspended by the ANC NEC.
It’s 15 years since the charges emerged against the former president, Jacob Zuma.
His trial has now begun at the Pietermaritzburg court on Wednesday.
Zuma and the weapons maker of France, Thales, have not blamed themselves on charges of corruption, fraud, corruption and corruption as regards the sale of weapons of the 19th century.
The trial has been postponed to the 19th of the July, with a special appeal by Zuma against the state capital, lawyer Billy Downer.
The show has been postponed until 19 July 2021.
The former president’s Legislature, led by lawyer Dali Mpofu, for special appeals has accused government lawyer Billy Downer of a lack of self-reliance and neutrality.
I think it’s not good to say, but it’s not good to say, but it’s not good to say, but it’s good to say, but it’s good to say.
There are facts and circumstances that give me good reason that Mr Downer acted in a manner that reflects a lack of self-control and a lack of neutrality which is necessary in the application of the law.
Mr. Downer has failed to uphold the circumstances necessary to protect the indefensibility required to ensure that my trial is in line with the Constitution, Mr. Downers himself has placed a testimony against me when he enacted a Afidafiti to back up the Democratic Alliance application to review and set aside a decision by the NPA to end my trial.
While Zuma used so-called corruption strategies that have been implemented to use all the facts of the law to halt her trial, she failed to convince the courts that her cases should be set aside for political reasons in the case against her.
Thales faces four cases, one fraudulent business, two fraudulent and one fraudulent system.
The state is accusing Zuma and Thales of planning and operating a fraudulent business, the indictment has a maximum sentence of 25 years in prison.
The government has accused Zuma of receiving hundreds of millions of rands from her accused adviser, Shabir Shaik, during the arms banning during the 1990s.
The state has accused Zuma of receiving a bribe of over R500 000 a year from Thales, led by the shaik.
Some charges against Zuma include taxes, not revealing financial assistance to the parliament, and lying to the institution through the assembly with representatives from the weapons maker.
Spokesperson Downer told the court that the government was not ready to respond to a special call, referring to a broadcast of over 1,000 leaves.
He says it involved a long trial period.
My Lord, then we have examined the papers and we are working hard to write down our answer on these papers, we have established a behaviour that the state is willing to place the charges against the accused even between my friend and the state is also confident that it will then review their official appeal in court and we all have to say again that we agree that the 106 I position is a lot and many leaves. We all agree that the state needs time to answer in the form of the affidavits.
Former president Edward Zuma’s daughter is in court to support her father.
Thales said in explanation for her application that, denying that she knew of Zuma’s salary from Shaik.
Thales said their salaries to Shaik’s were within the law as a fellow arms dealer.
Downer has condemned Zuma and Thales, who were represented by Pierre-Marie du Randt.
They are speaking to the court, the advice of Thales.
Prince Philip died this morning at Windsor Castle at age 99.
The prince has been in hospital for a month for heart-related reasons.
Flags are flying down to Britain.
Johnson said Prince Philip was dedicated to his partner Queen Elizabeth.
Prince Philip sits on Queen’s side more than seven years after his wedding in 1947.
Some of the announcement will be made in due course.
After acknowledging the needle as a power-working monarchy, the Duke of Edinburgh officially suspended the work of national duties administration with the full support of the Queen in 2017.
I’ve spent a long time supporting the Queen, many times I’ve been another or two stages in her society to look at the administration, marking 73 years since they were married last November.
She was born on the Greek island of Corfu in 1921, a subscription to the Elizabeth marriage of Philip Mountbatten, as he was, in 1947.
Philip finished World War II serving in the navy, where messages were cited for his anger and quick reflection during the war.
War City Minister Winston Churchill described the royal wedding in November 1947 as a sparkle of colors in a country that has struggled to rebuild itself after the war catastrophe.
The monarch, when he became known from then on, was forced to leave the shipping business while the raft was improving.
It was in Kenya, with a visit to the National Congress, that Prince Philip told his wife that the King had suffered, he is now queen.
From the royal enthronement in 1953 until his resignation from public service in 2017. Prince Philip was not far from Queen.
Like her husband, not the King, she was left to make her own way.
His friendliness in 1950 in London was astounded and astounded to say, at one point a touching comment while they were engaged in royal visits, made the first page in the news.
Only her concerns with the care of young and old alike were a source of strength to her life
The proceedings that still bear his name help to build holiness and create socialism among young people in all walks of life.
With the award of Duke’s Edinburgh company, he created and inspired the lives of young people on multiple occasions, enlarged holiness and inspired their dreams.
We remember Duke of everything and above all we remember his loyal support to the Queen Queen, not just as her partner, on her side, every day under her rule, just like her husband, her strength and her co-habitation for over 70 years, says Prime Minister Johnson.
The Duke of Edinburgh has visited 143 countries in official status, often on another visit.
Keen is reviving the monarchy, he had a long-rule page in the British monarchy at critical times.
In the coming years her share in the nation has been reduced, although the royal court officials prefer that her influence has not diminished.
Additional SABC News secretary UK, John Bevir.
Prince Philip, the husband of Queen Elizabeth, the example of a British royal family leader over the last seven years, died at 99 years of age, Buckingham Kingdom House said on Friday.
The Duke of Edinburgh, as he was officially recognized, had been at his wife’s side throughout the 69 years of his reign, ruling for a long time in British history, at the time made a revered name for himself that did not condone immorality and corruption.
It is saddened that the respectable Queen reports the death of a loved one, her husband, the respected King Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh, a story about the royal house.
Prince Philip, who died at Windsor Castle on Monday, died peacefully at Windsor Castle.
Other announcements will be announced at a later stage.
The royal family is gathering people around the world mourning his death.
The hearts of the soul that reigns outside Buckingham Palace follow the death of Prince Philips.
The prince, Greek prince, married Elizabeth in 1947 playing an important role in the renewal of the monarchy during the last Second War period and behind the walls of Buckingham Palace which was an important place for the Queen to flee to and trust in.
She was mild-tempered, my strength and has sat all these years, Elizabeth herself commending Philip in a special way, giving her talk marking the 50 years of her wedding anniversary in 2017.
South African Music Advertising Association Chairperson, David Alexander, says local singers are proselytizing for meetings and need intervention.
The organisation is working to protect music advertisers and to collaborate with the government to ensure that the performers receive enough salary.
Employees across the country have been proselytizing for money due to the oppression of the coronavirus pandemic.
Alexander says many singers can be forced to step aside from the industry.
I think he is facing challenges; I think there are many industrial professionals who think other routes.
Many of the others are already doing other jobs, be it driving or uprooting tables or doing manual labor.
I think as long as the coronavirus crisis lasts, many people will leave creative service because there is no support from government in service.
always, it has been that the coronavirus pandemic has taken place on a fairly small scale, but it has not forced those in the creative sector to act in another way.
It has been months of implementation and social gatherings interrupted, meaning no income for performers who rely on the outworking of the vision as a service for income.
The majority of them are slowly changing their performance using inthanet sites.
Small and developing companies based on these celebrations, social gatherings and concerts have become frustrated.
Major gatherings of large groups of people have been interrupted for recreational purposes.
Earlier, Tencent Africa president Brett Loubser said the change to the use of the inthabet is a continuously growing process.
Khorona has touched artists.
US Dionne Warwick, who has reigned as a star for over six years, is now using his voice as Queen of Twitter, advertising pleasure and pleasure in the new audience.
The star of Pop, 80, always writes her thoughts about life, work and other artists, sometimes responding with encouraging warm answers.
If you are known as the rapper, why have you named it in.
Warwick asked the ammonitionist Rap, Chance in the driver.
I can’t stop thinking about this.
I will be whatever else you will call me Miss Warwick, to answer Chance.
The Grammy Awards winner, five times, insisted that Chance knew who she was.
They all started when Warwick saw her grandchildren happy on Twitter and she wanted to come in.
When she got it, Warwick thought of using her new platform
I’m going to use it when I’m curious about saying something or when I’m feeling that I want to talk or ask a question, somebody will answer it and remember telling his nephew what he was taught.
Warwick, often now seen as Twitter Queen, her joy brings good hopes to the social media.
They are some of the things I enjoy most in the world, that all people are laughing with me, do you know, and I think that is what was needed, he says.
Warwick introduced new forms of concerts on-line.
His first one was held at home on Easter Sunday
I had a measure of anxiety, because I didn’t sing for the rest of the year, the gonorrhea is a muscle and the muscles must be stretched out, but I don’t do, he explains.
I want to break free, know, there can be a lot of noise, shell, he says he laughs.
He will make his second show on 9 May, which is my mother’s day in the United States.
The shock of three long weeks of executives sitting at the office of the Deputy Executive of Sports, Advertising and Northern Cape Culture has been suspended.
The department and artists have reached agreement on a project of over R4 million artists in the province.
The program includes the full-time work of the Northern Cape Legislature and a corner stage of art and art in the province.
Artist Mkhululi Mabija said they are ready to return to work.
In the end, they are able to locate and secure the artists and that was a problem.
People sometimes think that’s an interest, just now they can see that we were determined.
This is our way of making a living.
We need to get together as a branch and talk about our concerns.
There is a complete list for the year in theaters
So, we can start to include everyone on the program from the regions, explaining Mabija.
The Department of Sport, Art and Culture of the Northern Cape, Conrad Fortune, said R4 million was donated.
Following the intensive task of looking at the new needs and at the same time, we were able to contribute at least R4 million to help implement three projects.
We are also on the proceedings to create a state-of-the-art service of agreements, showing how money will be used and being relevant to funding policies and government regulations when the expenses are added.
Giorgio Armani can imagine a meeting with an Italian institution, the owner of a Milan station station told the US magazines Vogue that he opens opportunities for the first time to an effective peddler.
In an interview published on the Vogue website.com, Armani, 86, said the emergency situation of the coronavirus had moved us to open our eyes
Armani pursued a course similar to that of Italian commodities, including Gucci, Fendi and Bulgari, which were purchased by hundreds of NordMH and Kering SA factories, they said the French customer was not in their minds.
However, he said his old notion that the commitment should erect itself was no longer necessary.
One would think of consulting an important Italian company, he said without further explaining, without adding that it shouldn’t be a fashion company.
Vogue quoted Armani Robertta Armani’s grandson, who works at the family’s company, saying it would be nice, in the end, to have an important ‘ It was made Italy’ gathering in the fashion company, even though he added that he had no perspective on the plans of his uncle.
Facebook Inc has not announced to more than 530 million users whose details were found because of misuse prior to 2019 and has now made information on society, but currently it has no plans to do so, the company spokesperson said on Wednesday.
The internal businessman that last week phone numbers and other details from users’ files were available in the public archives.
Facebook said in a statement on Tuesday that corrupt performers got data ahead of September 2019 by gathering files using the weakness of the platform to hide numbers.
The Facebook lawyer said the social media company did not have full confidence as to which users would need to be informed.
He said he acknowledged that users cannot correct the matter and the data was available in public in the nation to the conclusion that no users are being informed.
Facebook said a blockade had been made after acknowledging the problem at the time.
The data gathered did not include funding, health data or coronavirus, Facebook said.
However, the combined information can provide valuable information for thieves or tormentors.
Facebook, which has been under investigation for a long time because of treatment of its users’ identity, in 2019 attained a close with the US Federal Trade Commission in addition to investigating allegations of abuse of consumer data.
The Irelands defense Commission of Datha, European workers’ Alliances spearheaded the rulership of Facebook, said on Tuesday they contacted the company on leak information.
I said it didn’t have a discussion just received from Facebook now has a relationship.
The end of July 2019 requires Facebook to record the unacceptable access of datha to over 500 users or more in 30 days to ensure that it is dangerous.
The Facebook lawyer has refused to comment on companies’ negotiations with the authorities but said they are in a covenant to answer questions.
At the London Academy Awards singer piano Yuanfan Yang played Pieces in Frederic Chopen, Franz Liszt and Joseph Haydn only with the camera in the room.
The 24-year-old took part in the first phase of the international Leeds contest, hoping to overcome the judge’s feelings for his performance in the publication.
It is held every three years, The Leeds must change operations because of the coronavirus pandemic, with no personal judges or spectators watching Yang and his piano colleagues competing to get a good prize.
I thought it would be difficult at first as soon as I started playing, I just forgot about everything, Edinburgh-born said.
I was a musician.
With the application of restrictions on movement, The Leeds has invited 60 contestants from around the world to their first show this week, adding to the number of city fighters to 17 until 2018 that the appointed contestants can take part near homes or educational centers.
From premiums to 14 in Berlin, they all played the album for about 25 minutes under the same conditions: to play in the Steinway Model D biggest Pian with the same camera repair.
We soon realized that we couldn’t do it in a way that we would like to do it for audiences and judges, Adam Gatehouse director of The Leeds, told Reuters.
It becomes evident that we cannot conduct a judge from London to Berlin and around the world, so we will look at the publications at the inside and judge them in that way.
He added that the contest at a later stage will save the details of the event of this year, to calculate the cutting of the distance between the parties and the parties only to welcome audiences of the flesh.
First held in 1963, The Leeds, a special music contest that features a pact of the winners: A recording procession, playing at the London Wigmore Hall and trips to Europe and Eastern Asia, among others.
In the last minutes I thought ( The Leeds) could be canceled, Italian candidate Giulia Contaldo, who is training to play in front of a camera man ahead of the contest, said.
Most of my colleagues don’t have this opportunity, or they don’t have any opportunities at this time.
So whatever happens, I am happy for it.
For the first time it was a publication they did not appear personally, organizers planned to hold the second time, the last time and last time in Leeds on September, possibly with audiences.
Music has been a social gathering and will always be so, says musician Ariel Lanyi.
It is not just about music but about the people in the auditorium itself.
That is why it should be
Britain ’ s Prince Prince Prince Harry and his wife Meghan will produce their first publication on Disney Inc that will be facing athletic competitions at the Invictus plays instead of injured heroes in Hague in 2022.
Harry will appear on the camera in a series called the Heart of Invictus and act as chief executive of the Archewell Implementation partnership, Reuters explained in a statement on Tuesday.
The series of publications will feature invisible demonstrations by athletes and organizers as they prepare for the contest, which has been delayed until the following spring because of the COVID-19 pandemic, says Disney.
Orlando Vono will run the divisions of a major succession and Joanna Einssi 2019 will be the founder, says Reuters.
Both developed a short and award-winning Oscar The White Helmets for the assistant group in Syria.
The Invictus Games are an event in many of the games composed in 2017 by Prince Harry, who served as a soldier in Afghanistan for a wounded army.
The couple, who were on the news following an interview with the US publisher Oprah Winfrey last month, signed a contract for the implementation of the many years with Disney in September.
Meghan and Harry are now living in Southern California after parting with the British royal family.
Queen Elizabeth says the experience of Harry and Meghan saddened her.
Kim Grammashian is currently known as a person with a billion rands.
The world’s oldest generation, the world’s oldest generation, is now known as the world’s oldest generation.
The Forbes budget explains that updateashian follows the man he will divorce from Kanye West in the billion category.
Forbes on Tuesday estimated West’s growth to be 1.8 billion of the year, mainly from shoes agreements called Yeezy and his clothes.
Documentashian registered a divorce from West, 43 in February, describing the various matters.
Her brother, Grammie Jenner, lost her billion position, Forbes explained on Tuesday.
It estimates the value of the 23-year-old girl’s wealth to $ 700 million, saying it was due to poor spices during the coronavirus pandemic and what it meant as a level of income from Ajayie Cosmetics, currently 51% of which is being conducted by Coty Inc.
Disneyashian started in 2017. showing and selling his cumulative on the Internet, thanks to the availability of social media that includes 213.3 million followers of Facebook.
He set up a mixture of Skims in 2019
Disneyashian celebrated on Tuesday with a picture of himself wearing a jacket at the beach, on the theme Bliss and an announcement to set up the first Skim Pop-up store at a prestigious Los Angeles mall.
It is called the Heart of Invictus, a demonstration under the banner of the Archewell Implementation, the co-host of Meghan and Harry’s foundation, the printery administration said on Tuesday.
Disney said the line would give news of events taking place later on with runners and organizers preparing for the event that has been delayed until the following spring due to the coronavirus pandemic.
Both are known for their Oscar winners in the short generations of The White Helmets.
The Invictus Games are a multi-game event set up in 2017 by Prince Harry to the injured military personnel at work.
The couples, who were on the news after a conversation broke with the US speaker Oprah Winfrey last month, signed a several-year fulfillment with Disney in September.
Harry and Meghan are currently living on the Southern Continent in California after their final break with the royal family.
They are working with Winfrey on a mentally-health series for the service of Apple TV +.
The death of an isolated writer, Dr. Kgotso Maphalla, has been described as the greatest loss in the line of scriptures.
Many of his jobs have been laid at schools and higher learning institutions.
Maphalla won her first major literary award in 1980, in a poetic contest for the radio service Bantu 2019, which is now known as Lesedi FM.
The 66-year-old writer died after suffering a stroke
Best-known for K CV, a well-winning writer who has distributed more than 70 titles.
Dr. Kgotso Maphalla also wrote a number of radio dramas.
The unassuming legend has taught young black-and-white scribes.
Some of his duties are reviewed at PhDs. studies.
They will continue to care for and enhance their respect for her, says assistant director of the 2019 Literature Museum, Tseliso Solane.
My dad Maphalla was a totalist
Though you look at his writings, there are always religious fragments.
He couldn’t just write the words of a song or make a few simple sentences.
There always has been a change, always he made sure that the Sotho people knew where they came from and then he made sure that they got along with it.
The board of Pan South African Language (unciSALB) described Maphalla as an overseer of programme.
The PanSALB, Nikiwe Matebula said Maphalla always did a powerful job.
Like PanSALB, we wish to instill pride in our home languages because it is our primary responsibility, to ensure that we continue all South African languages.
So, that is exactly what impressed you when it comes to his writings, that he finished the talk.
He wrote reads of the highest quality
His scribal career is prestigious
That’s exactly what makes us happy with his work.
The death of the apartheid writer has been described as a great loss, a class educator, Maphalla’s career began over 40 years ago.
Publisher and author, Pule Lechesa, wrote a book about the life of Maphalla called the legacy of Dr. KDP Maphalla (The Literacy Legacy of Dr. KDP Maphalla) letters.
Lechesa says the KDP will be remembered for her love and scribes dedication.
He also taught us that as scribes we must remain united as he used to say that the robbers are originals and that the scribes are the same as shepherds.
They must keep working together because if anything happens to them the sheep will be scattered about.
He has taught us that as writers we must always work unity.
Maphalla has been awarded a number of awards for achievement in life.
Many of his awards and greetings include MNET award and chairperson award for South African Literature donations.
She was also awarded a medical honour award from the Free State University in 2017.
Maphalla said Maphalla was trying to illustrate the life of a black person who was oppressed by racism.
As a political activist in his writings, we note in many books that he attempted to illustrate the life of a black man who was oppressed by a previous government.
My relative said Maphalla was the family’s face.
Advocate, Lefu Maphalla says his passing is the greatest loss.
She was the remembered face of Maphalla’s family and thanks to her we know each other.
So, it was a bright star in the midst of us, and not just that, and in the nation where he lived he was always surrounded by people because he was also a resident of the population.
The family is going to complete the conversation and funeral arrangements.
Sleep in satisfaction Ngk KPD Maphalla, a little 66.
My father, Kgotso Maphalla, wrote a re-recording of the majestic 100ths and 50ths, along with poems and porosa.
Many of his subjects have not yet been answered; up to date, 47 jobs in 80 publications in 2 languages and 616 libraries.
It was that both the singer and the actress were suffering from heart attacks during drug abuse on Friday.
The hospital lawyer has refused to release her condition or to make sure she was a patient there, a secret quotation of the rules.
The hospital lawyer refused to release her position and confirmed to Reuters that DMX, 50 who was born at Earl Simmons, was a patient there, quoting secret rules.
Her family, in a public announcement in the starry media, had announced that she was rushed to a hospital of 30 miles ( 4 km) north of New York after facing serious health problems.
As he knows by his followers by name to perform DMX or Dark Man X, Simmons was to have been placed on a life support machine on Monday, according to RollingStone.
Star advertisements TMZ and Billboard announced at the end of the week that Simmons, who has a well-known drug history, was rushed to the hospital after suffering a heart attack at her home on Friday night.
To his advertisers, the governor, or his representative never immediately responded to Reuters’s application to comment on the singer and reports.
The singer, an expert on music in the world since the 1990s, has been struggling with illicit drugs and has talked about infection in 2019 after he entered jail for the tax fraud.
He was found guilty of failing to pay taxes of $1.7 million from 2000 to 2019 by steady removing money from accounts that are owned by governors and couples.
Simmons also started in those movies in 1998 the criminal drama Belly, a 2000 actress named Romeo Must Die, and a 2003 thief film Cradle 2 the Grave.
The situation at the Northern Cape Schools, Arts and Culture Executive Officer’s office with other actors in Kimberley enters the third week.
Artists want the artistic revival, the support of the coronavirus funding for others and the full-time service of the Northern Cape.
They believe that this will help them get the income they lost due to coronavirus regulations.
Mkhululi Mabija, who is an artist, says they want theaters to start working.
We want theaters to operate, art and theaters to make it possible for our artists to operate.
Only we need the support of the MEC and the province to sustain us in our prison.
They haven’t been paying any attention, the negotiations are being held and they’re just ending in the spirit.
We will sit until our needs are addressed, says Mabija.
The Provincial Department of Sports, Arts and Culture says there are plans to assist artists.
The department of Sports, Arts and Culture of the Northern Cape, Conrad Fortune says about R4 million is being donated.
We are also on the proceedings to create a position of service to the agreement that will determine how funding will be used and take care of funding and government regulations when there are funding.
The department says the department is delaying processing their needs and continues to be unpaid, they do not get any income at this time.
Britain’s Kingdom drama team, The Crown, awarded the highest television drama at the Screen Actors Guild (SAG) Assignment ceremony in LaTshipi, while Schitts Creek, the kanale of another family who were wealthy compelled to move to a small town, was said to have one of the best comic kanals.
Gillian Anderson, who plays part of Britain’s Premier Margaret Thatcher in The Crown, which was facing a recent crisis in the marital union of Prince Charles and Queen Diana, has won the award for the best actress.
The Crown is wearing a head covered with the blessing of the thrilling assembly!
Because of the coronavirus pandemic, the 2021 SAG event has been reduced from the evening meal to the other hour of the warning, he laughing at how the performers used their time during the mobility ban or starting with future studies.
On both sides of the film, court drama The Trial of the Chicago 7 and the Jack Bottom drama Ma Rainey’s Black Bottom captured the biggest winners at one of the Oscars’ last festivals.
Subjects for the SAG awards are selected by members of the Interim organisation.
Many of the SAG winners and the nominee await the British BAFTA honour awards next week and the Independent Spirit awards on 22 April.
Godzilla vs Kong has powerfully slipped into the box office record of the pandemic, and has given Hollywood theaters the hope that people are ready to return to theaters after a year of seeing the movies on networks at home.
The pole tent, from Warner Bros and Legendary Entertainment, made 32 million locations for the week and $485 million for the first time in its five-day release.
The time has come for you to vote for the party:
Earlier this week, Wonder Woman 1984 had a massive start of three days with $16.7 million, followed by Tom and Jerry with a million.
Godzilla’s results against Kong are very impressive because the film is also available to HBO Max users don’t pay anything.
It’s not clear how many people saw this film.
David A. Gross, who is conducting a film for the French Recreation Association advisory, opens the tickets sale at the end of the week in the face of difficult circumstances.
Over 50 percent of the film audiences in our country are open, but most, including those in New York City and Los Angeles, were working at reducing the number to associate with the safety regulations of the pandemic.
If half of it was what it would be like under normal conditions, the end of the week is clean and very sure that the film will find the energy that will keep it going, he says.
Godzilla versus Kong sales are encouraging, the U.S. film box is close to recovery after closing for a year.
Godzilla against Kong was not the only new removed in this weekend.
I think it’s going to be a big thing because it’s going to be a big thing because it’s going to be a big thing because it’s going to be a big thing because it’s going to be a big thing because it’s going to be a big thing.
It filmed the Universal performation Nobody in stage three in the chart office box.
Nobody’s game, which includes Bob Odenkirk as a polite gentleman trying to turn around to care for, reached $3 million in its second weekend, adding its total to $ 11.8 million.
In their capacity, the Disney, Raya and Dragon animals raised 2 million from 2,31.
The film, which also plays on Disney Plus with a salary of $30, has made $32 million in the domestic box.
Tom and Jerry reached the top five, amassing $ 1.5 million in the sixth weekend of the film.
So far, the film has made $3.5 million in the US.
Found again in HBO Max
The Methodist Church listener, Archbishop Purity Malinga, says the presence of vaccines against coronavirus is a symbol of hope and one of the good news is to say about Easter.
Bishop Malinga delivered a lecture during Sunday Service broadcasts in SABC 2 on inthanet, which was being conducted by the South African Council of Churches (SACC) and by members of the churches.
He has insisted that the vaccine should not be a discrimination.
The bishop said beyond the blackness that our country is facing, there is hope.
We have seen evidence of corruption, gender-based violence, poverty, hunger; the list continues.
As Easter people, we do not lose confidence; we do not lose hope.
We lift up the marks of hope as we see because Jesus is alive.
We get encouragement in holding signs of confidence that we get.
It is because of the good news of Easter that we raise the vaccine as a symbol of hope, we make it a secret to be available to all; the rich and the poor, he says.
South African Council of Churches deputy president, Moruti Frank Chikane, has thanked healthcare workers who risked their lives to save the lives of coronavirus patients.
He had brought goods and finished with comments at the service.
Our border workers have risked their lives every day to save our lives.
The only thing is that the God we believe in is the God who always exists with us.
He was thrown into aapanse so that we would not be thrown down.
Jesus is Emmanuel, that is, God is with us.
Our God is also a God who knows all-knowingly the God of gravity.
God knows our problems, and he knows we are bringing back everything that we lost.
God knows how to heal us from the pains of life and corona.
Our God is powerful and able to save us and sit down with us under very difficult conditions, says Chikane.
Speaking at the ceremony, SACC Secretary General, Bishop Malusi Mpislwana, said last year was a year of inadequacy against the coronavirus.
Archbishop Mpislwana said the Easter brings Tshepo, no matter how great the country’s challenges are due to the pandemic.
gorillas go to God and our Father Jesus Christ.
In his great compassion, he has given us a new birth in the hope of life through the resurrection of Jesus Christ from the dead.
It’s with that hope that we are here this morning.
We are leaving the year of calamity, fear and anguish, the year of chaos and helplessness against the coronavirus pandemic.
With the faith of a good Friday, we are determined to rid ourselves of the problems on the crucifix that has been impaled on.
This morning we will celebrate the resurrection of our Lord with a revival of faith and the sanctity of the life-force above death, he said.
Concern about the slow process of vaccination.
Speaking at the Easter Night Service, which was held at the St Georges Cathedral church, in Cape Town City, Anglican archbishop Thabo Makgoba expressed concerns about governments through the slow process of the coronavirus vaccine list, especially for the poor and the isolated residents.
The slaves say he has doubts about how long it will take to run vaccines across the country.
We are well aware that there are large regions of our country where political corruption is poisoning the public healthcare system.
It is humiliating to those who have left hospitals and clinics needing people, equipment and security.
I said in my recent interview that it will take 18 years to vaccinate all our people!
We cannot let that happen, he added.
So far, 269, 102 healthcare workers have been slaughtered, the country is poised for the second phase of the show.
The speaker said it provided information for over 500 million users of the Facebook, including telephone numbers and other data, free of charge.
The videotapes look like telephone numbers attached to Facebook, which have been advertised since January, but its availability was announced by the technological newspaper Motherboard, according to Alon Gal, co-founder of the online crime center, Hudson rock.
Reuters could not quickly evaluate the data, which was handed in a number of euros with the value of the notorious low-risk debt, but Gal said on Saturday she confirmed the slightest authenticity of any data by comparing it with the telephone numbers of people she knew.
Some news reporters say they also have to be able to equal known telephone numbers with details on the information sheet.
In a statement, Facebook said the information was old-fashioned and relates to a problem corrected in August 2017.
The objective by Reuters was to reach the speaker who had opened the information for the Times Message Service was unsuccessful.
Gal told Reuters that Facebook users should be aware of social media attacks by people who may have hidden their telephone numbers or private data from others over the coming months.
Recent leakage news by an internal businessman.
The main sales exhibition laid the remains of the ancient Egyptian monarchy of 22 in special boxes across the town of Cairo on Saturday to a new museum home where they can be seen with respect.
Molokoloko drove 18 kings, 4 queens, mostly from the New Kingdom, from the Egyptian museum in the heart of the Cairos Tahrir Desert to the National Egyptian civilization museum in Fustat, some 5 km (mile) to the south-east.
The authorities have closed roads across the Nile to feature a ceremony, which has been aimed at rekindling interest in collections of antiquities while tourism is halted due to interdictions relating to the coronavirus.
As the royal bodies arrive at the museum, which was set up on Saturday, the cannons have shot 21 schools to greet.
President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi is standing while the dead bodies are passing over the golden raven in a Pharaoh ornament.
Heads of the traditional representatives of the UN, UNESCO and the World Tourism Company attended the event.
Every corpse is inserted into a special box filled with nitrogen to ensure protection, says Egyptologist Zahi Hawass.
They were loaded on trucks that were meant to provide them with accuracy.
We chose the Museum of Civilization because we want, first of all, to show corpses in a rural manner, in an educational manner and not in the entertainment they were in the Egyptian museum, says Hawass.
The legendary Rap singer and actress Earl Simmons, known among her fans by the acting name DMX or Dark Man X, was said to be in serious condition at New York hospital on Saturday after suffering a heart attack by drug abuse, according to stars TMZ and Billboard ads.
The publications announced that Simmons, 50 with a history of substance abuse, was rushed to White Plains, New York hospital, after suffering a heart attack at her home on 11 P.M. on Friday.
Her advertisers have not responded quickly to Reuters commenting on a singer, who has been celebrated in the world of music since 1994.
Reuters has not yet confirmed the news.
The singer was always speaking openly about her illicit drug use challenge and was referring to infection in 2019 after she was arrested in a Federal prison on charges of tax fraud.
The Manhattan State Court found that it failed to pay a $1.7 million tax rate in 2000 to), removing money between the benches that are owned by governors and colleagues.
Her first 1998 album Its Dark and Hell is Hot released in the United States as the first on the 200 billboard album and sold more than 5.6 million copies.
Along with his career in rap, Simmons became a star in movies such as the 1998 criminal drama Belly, the 2000 film, Romeo Must Die, and the 1998 film robbery Cradle 2 the Grave.
The congregation that was attending the Fine Friday service at the St Georges Cathedral in the Cape Town in the Western Cape said they were thrilled to be able to attend the church in 2021.
In 2020 Easter services across South Africa were canceled when the nation was not subjected to a severe 5th place, 5 after the coronavirus pandemic hit the country.
Under a restored standard of conditions, 250 people are allowed to attend social gatherings that are played inside the building and 500 people are allowed to attend social gatherings outside.
The church congregation gathers small, with a number that can be controlled at places of prayer in the Cape Town City. about 50 people have taken up morning service at St Georges Cathedral.
They voiced their views.
It was fun but also unpleasant.
It was shocking all over the world and most of last year, we couldn’t go to church.
and so it sounds true and is special to be able to sit here today, says one member of the congregation.
This is the high day of rest for us as Christians and I have kept it in mind.
I feel very lucky to be one of the holy ones and to remember 2,000 years ago that the average man had dedicated his life to the whole world and I was one of those people.
So I made an effort this morning to get up and come to the Lord’s house, says one of the congregations.
St Georges Cathedral Head, Reverend Michael Weeder, said the church would be very careful in performing services to obey the rules and regulations of the coronavirus in order to prevent the spread of the virus.
Priest Weeder said the congregation is also encouraged to pray at home.
The real feeling is to be at home with other illnesses; God is everywhere.
We said at the beginning of the prison, especially at our first convention on Good Friday and Easter, we encouraged our people, understanding that God is being entreated as we breathe, as we live, as we love and cherish; and what is most important in the faith.
You don’t need this beautiful structure.
The building is a gift from God, he added.
The congregation is gathering at the St Georges Cathedral church in honor of Easter.
The services of various churches around the world are expected to continue at the end of the week as Christians celebrate the Easter.
The sale show will feature 22 ancient Egyptian bodies in special boxes across the city of Cairo on Saturday to the new museum where they will be shown properly.
The procession will take 18 kings and four princes, mainly from the New Kingdom, to the Egyptian museum, at Tahrir Square in Cairo to the Fustat’s international Renaissance museum, some 5 km [ 5 km ] to the south east.
The authorities are closing roads across the Nile to describe a ceremony, aimed at rekindling interest in the fertile ancient Egyptian collection, when tourism has been suspended entirely because of coronavirus restrictions.
Every remains will be inserted into a special box full of nitrogen to ensure protection, and the box will be loaded with a specially built wagon to handle them properly and to provide them with accuracy, says Egyptian archaeologist Zahi Hawass.
We are choosing an enlightened Museum because we want, first of all, to reflect the remains in an enlightened manner, in an educational manner and not by mounting it as it was in the Egyptian Museum, he says.
Archaeologist unearthed the remains of two groups in the mosque of the Deir Al Bahari temple in Luxor and near the Valley of the Kings from 1871.
The key lies in Seqenenre Tao, the last King of the Kingdom in the 17th, who reigned in the 16th century and is thought to have suffered a violent death.
The exhibition will include the remains of Ramses II, Seti I, and Hammos-Nefertari.
Fustat was the site of Egyptian funding under Umayyad dynasty following the Arab conquest.
By doing this, with the greatest capacity, the dead bodies are getting what they deserve, said Salima Ikram, in Egyptologist at the American University in Cape Town.
These are the kings of Egypt, these are the Pharaohs.
And so, it’s a way of showing respect.
When the operation of the Holy Week was canceled due to the Spanish coronavirus restrictions, leaving the tradition of the drums of Good Friday called a very important thing for the inhabitants of Calanda.
Dressed in purple, they play the drums on the streets, in front of houses as part of Rompida de la Hora.
Drums flow across the southeastern Spanish town of 3,700 inhabitants, but the players were aware of the people’s seduction.
The Holy Week was a little saddened because I love being with my friends and playing the calendar drums with them
But we just hope that the next year this will pass and leave us together, said Ivan Rodriguez, 24, a Moropa artist and a rural resident.
After the abuse of last year, Santiago Villanueva, another resident, said the residents had strong emotions to preserve the culture.
We are saddened by the spirit continuously, he explained.
A traitor from the Ethiopian Episcol Church described last year as midnight in many lives.
He depicted the coronavirus pandemic and the accelerated darkness covering the sun at the last time that Jezo was on the tablet.
The instructor was one of the speakers at the South African Council of Churches (SACC)
Service publication for Good Friday was produced in SABC 2.
He said before she died, there was something as if it were the spirit of midnight, just like a year ago for many people.
Before Jesus cried, Father, I place my soul in your arms, realize how the Bible tells us that the day was black for me.
It seemed that the spirit of midnight covered the whole world.
This last year for many people, it really felt like midnight in their lives.
Unemployment, death of our loved ones, funerals are a food for Christians.
In many cases, the risks of abuse and violence against women and children increased dramatically with the introduction of COVID-19
Now, I am coming to your home to give you a word of direct encouragement from God.
Black night, tomorrow shines on a new day, says the Dr. Morapisi.
South Africa’s Council of Churches (SACC) has depicted the pain and neutrality suffered by many of the coronavirus victims as the pain and humiliation suffered by the Lord Jesus at the time of the impalement.
The director of the Church and Public Services of the SACCS, Pastor Mzwandile Molo, urges people not to throw a towel.
And the disgusting thing that God has gone to is God’s refusal to forsake us.
We heard her crying, what did you throw me?
And during that time of weeping, I remember those who cry face-to-face face-to-face face-to-face face face-to-face face face-to-face face face face-to-face face face-to-face face death from the coronavirus pandemic, some 52,000 people lost their lives in this nation and lost their lives on their own.
We just want to remind you as a member of their family, that they don’t look at this alone because this God has had the experience of the loneliness of death and he cried, you left me behind.
We heard her weeping and saying I was thirsty.
At that time, we are reminded of God’s unity with all those who have materialized and suffered in the ICU, on air vessels and in all places where decay was reaching.
Last year, Christians in South Africa failed to gather for the first time to celebrate Good Friday because of the coronavirus eruption.
And all services were conducted on the inside as part of an attempt to prevent the spread of the newly identified virus across the country in March 2020.
The gathering this year is being held under the strict oversight of the Khorona safety system.
Although some churches follow it and promise to continue doing so during the Easter week, others have asked for a relaxation of the rules.
A minister at the Kingdom of God International Ministries church in Mfuleni near Khayelitsha in the Cape Town City, Sir Sineko Nxesi is one of the religious leaders who makes a call to the government to increase the number of people allowed to attend religious gatherings.
Nxesi says the churches have the ability to enforce strict coronavirus rules.
We are still opening the churches with 50 percent because that is why we are.
We are law-enforcement people
If you do so with schools as they do, if you can do so in restaurants, you can do it in mines, why not at church.
We are humble people, people who have a law to give, we have the power to do all the works, he explains.
Archbishop Makgoba encourages Africans to make the coronavirus vaccines.
The Anglican archbishop of Southern Africa, Thabo Makgoba, said it was possible for the pharmaceutical industry in Africa to start making the coronavirus vaccine rather than the ransom.
The slaves delivered the Via Dolorosa discourse during the Fine Friday Service of the South African Council Churches.
The broadcast service was raised to honour healthcare workers who have suffered in coronavirus since last year.
slaves explain, Let us challenge the pharmaceutical industry in South Africa to make vaccines ourselves.
I have the fact that we can make many drugs ourselves instead of their degradation.
Let us challenge the national vaccine.
You won’t stop the flag and hope the virus won’t cross boundaries.
Let us challenge what I call a prejudice vaccine, which operates by those who play about God and who are being judged worthy to turn around and suffer on a coronavirus tablet.
The slaves also had appealed to South Africans to declare abuse in the Tigray province of Ethiopia and in Cabo Deloste in Mozambique.
Let us renew and guarantee that we will speak to the Cabo Del neglected people in Mozambique and the Tigray people in Ethiopia.
Let us talk about the global climate crisis with challenges in the atmosphere profoundly affecting those who contribute little to the change.
Ramaphosao entered the Fine Friday service
Earlier on Friday, President Cyril Ramaphosa has thanked the churches in their area for the lifesaving election during the pandemic.
He was speaking about his position as ANC President at the Meadowlands Methodist Church in Soweto as part of the ANC to commend the late confidant Winnie Madikizela-Memba.
Ramaphosa said the churches played an important role in combating the pandemic.
Much about what Ramaphosa said on Friday in the publication below.
It is becoming more and more noteworthy to Maskandi singer Khuzani Idlamlenze Mpungose from Nkandla in KwaZulu-Natal.
The singer, which is the title of the song of it and has won the highest honour award on Ukhozi FM radio for the famous song of the year in the last year’s contest, has recently received the honour from her home.
Maskandi’s 30-year-old Khuzani, as he is known, started empty until he became popular.
She grew up shepherding cows like all the boys in rural areas.
Khuzani began his career in music some 10 years ago and worked with heroes in Maskandi.
Among the key names, who helped build his talent, were the late Mgqumeni, Shwi Nomtekhala and Mtshengiseni Indidane Gcwensa.
His first album, Bahluleke Bonke, was released in 2021 and since then made 10 albums.
He won many awards at the South African National Music Awards (SATMA) and South African Music Awards (SAMA).
When she got her dish and a special guitar donated by the municipality of Nkandla, Mpungose said she felt respected.
I would like to thank the municipality for extolling me this way.
It reflects the highest level of respect even though I am so young.
It encourages me to work hard to help those who are trying to what I have already accomplished.
Maskandi is our roots because we sing in our language.
Nkandla mayor, Thamsanqa Ntuli, congratulates Mpungose on this extension of his music and puts the city ’ s name in a map.
The municipal resolution to honor Idlamlenze, Khuzani Mpungose, rests on the fact that he no longer serves as a singer in the Nkandla capacity.
He was known in all the country and abroad.
He is a good example for many singers who are growing up, says Ntuli.
The municipality used the ceremony to donate scholarship to 150 students.
The Portuguese captain’s hand belt, Ronald Ronald angrily dropped on the floor after the one he had watered was denied at the World Cup soccer match against Serbia in the weekend, was taken by Djordjemacicevic, a fire worker.
A white-green hand belt with a white letter C. was placed in an orphanage by Dugicevic and her colleagues from the Belgrades fire department to raise money for a six-month-old child, Gavrilo Djurdjesic, who is from Serbia, suffering from spinal diseases.
Ronald was upset (and) discarded the hand belt, collapsing next to me bangicevic, explains Reuters on Thursday.
On Saturday, 36-year-old Ronald, who is playing the Italian soccer team of legendary Italian fans, rushed out of the stadium and lost the captain ’ s hand belt when he was denied winning time for the Serbian drinking match of 2-2.
The majority of Serbian residents end up raising funds and public sales to raise money for outside medical treatment when they can’t get enough treatment at home.
Dugicevic said he is ready to sell any commodity he can raise from chemists to help Gavrilos’ parents raise up 2.5 millioneusros ( $2.9 million) for his treatment, but the hand belt is this loud one.
The group as a whole is in agreement with the one (sleevart) that will go to little Gavrilo, he said.
In Cumic village, just outside the town of kragu Vorac in central Serbia, Gavrilos Nevena’s mother said the family has received the equivalent of 500 000 euros until now.
He added, the proceedings from Ronald’s wrist belt can be a very important part.
We couldn’t believe other people who don’t know us could take the hand belt, sell it and help our child, he said.
Currently, buyers want to surrender some six million, ($60 04 2019), during sales time on the basis of Serbias Limundo e-COMmerce.
The captain ’ s hand belt, which has attracted much of the news to all the walls, can be yours if you contact the orphanage movement and buy, say the advertisement.
Two decades ago, Dutch couples Gert Kasteel and Dolf Pasker historically became the world’s first couple to marry the same sex in the Netherlands.
They were among four couples of the same sex, three men and one woman who would be married to Meiyara of Amsterdam shortly after midnight on April 1 in 2017.
On Thursday, they commemorated the 20th anniversary in small groups or in rural areas because of coronavirus restrictions on distancing and forbidding large gatherings.
It’s nice to tell others I’m my husband, who’s my husband, said Dolf, as they look at the photographic book and the newspapers of the wedding ceremony that made them world headlines.
It helped me to withdraw
All same-sex marriages have passed a test of time.
One of the men, Frank Wittebrood, died of a heart attack in 2011 at 55 years.
Those who participated proudly look back to make a legal history.
People told me that the Netherlands will be the first and the last building ( to allow for same-sex marriage), the whole world will not be following it, said Henk Krol, a constitutional lawyer when it is approved in the Dutch Parliament in 2017.
Some 30 countries around the world are following the Dutch as an example, he says.
Most European countries, Britain, the United States, Australia, Mexico and South Africa are in 29 countries officially approving of same-sex marriage from 2017.
I’m very proud that it’s possible, says Gert, who would first end his story Dolf come and finish it: that we can play a small part in it.
We made a history
It appears that Daniel Craig has a new forensic film after ending his role as James Bond.
Craig will be a star in two movies to 2019 Knives Out Crimme Caper, which will be featured on Disney in the relationship of the US million.
On Thursday, it bought the rights of two films to mix Craig and director Rian Johnson.
Variety and Deadline Hollywood said platforms paid between $400 and $450 million to double profits, which will be the single thing to make the best film.
Disney refused to comment on the terms of treaties but some reports were not accurate.
Knives Out, spiritistic killer Agatha Christie, star Craig as secret researcher Benjamin Blanc and a team of stars including Jamie Lee Curtis, Chris Evans, Executive Johnson, Ana de Armas and Christopher Plummer
The film Lionsgate has a budget of $40 million, which continues to make $3 million, the world’s boxes of amphitheaters.
Craig, 53, will make five trips as the British secretary representative of the Bond in No Time To Die, which is due to arrive on the film in October.
He was the best newsman.
It is emblazoned with the finery of Sethos, its customs, traditions, and culture.
Noxolo Grootboom commands millions of his audiences on Tuesday night.
Its astounding moment because the President delayed his speech to the nation to allow the hero to give clear order.
Grootboom is just one of the more than 600 workers who leave the nationalistic broadcast.
During his 37 years at the national broadcaster, he must save his mother tongue.
From among you to ensure that the work we have done does not disappear, from among you to the extent of the conversation, who are you, how proud you are to say Tshivenda, English, Sepedi, ISSWEL, ISSWEL, ISSWEL, is all on your shoulders now, is all within you, you have every freedom to make sure that these languages do not disappear.
To her, it was about her African identity.
Business Commandment Minister Nkosiena Dlamini-Zuma has asked Eastern Cape politicians to follow Winnie Madikizela-Membu by putting first the majority of the disadvantaged in rural areas.
He was speaking at the reformation ceremony for the National Congress (ANC) African National Congress (ANC) confidante, Winnie Madikizela-Membu.
We must build a new picture of the future in the area of our country as we call the municipality of him.
Hunger, poverty, unemployment and inequality are some of the things that we have to contend with with with all our thinking and as we leave the name of the local municipality of Mb Executive, we also have to make sure that we work hard to leave all the things that were a burden to our people.
The State Capture Commission (CoGTA) minister, Ngk Nkos Executive Dlamini Zuma, has officially attended the ceremony to rename Mb Executive to be the local municipality of Winnie Madikizela-Membu.
A new municipality manager bearing the new name Winnie Madikizela-Membu, Daniswa Mafumbatha said there are programs that are planned to ensure that the people of the area are producing something from the lockdown.
Mafumbatha believes changing the municipality name will attract investors more.
Winnie Madikizela-Memba was an international legend now naming the municipality will speed up our development and we are also speaking of Mrs. Winnie’s inheritance.
People will arrive to see the monument, and there are plans where it can be planned.
infectious diseases expert at the Frere Hospital in the Eastern Cape, Ngk David Stead, has expressed concern that the continued use of alcoholic beverages in places during the long Easter holidays could boost coronavirus infections in the coming weeks.
Last night President Cyril Ramaphosa announced that local alcohol consumption is banned from this Friday until the next Monday when it is to be sold in restaurants and bars.