the message they preach and why?
their methods of preaching?
widespread activity?
1, 2.
Jesus ’ words recorded at Matthew 24 : 14 raise what questions?
JESUS foretold that during the last days, the good news of the Kingdom would be preached earth wide.
( Matthew 24 : 14 ) As Jehovah ’ s Witnesses, we are known worldwide for our preaching work.
Some people like our message, but others dislike it.
But even those who resent our message respect us for the work we do.
We are the ones doing the work that Jesus foretold.
But do we have the right to say that?
How can we be sure that our preaching work is what Jesus foretold?
2 Many churches claim to preach Jesus ’ message.
But their clergy preach only at their churches, on television, or on the Internet or tell people how they came to learn about Jesus.
Others feel that assisting people with such tasks as being a doctor, a nurse, or a teacher is their way of preaching.
Are these activities the preaching work that Jesus referred to?
3.
According to Matthew 28 : 19, 20, what are four things that Jesus ’ followers must do?
3 Did Jesus want his followers to wait for people to come to them?
No!
After his resurrection, Jesus told hundreds of his followers : “ Go... and make disciples of people of all the nations, baptizing them..., teaching them to observe all the things I have commanded you. ”
( Matthew 28 : 19, 20 ) As Jesus ’ followers, therefore, we must do four things.
We must make disciples, baptize them, and teach them.
Before doing so, we must go to them.
One Bible scholar says : “ Every believer must ‘ walk ’ either across the road or across the sea. ” — Matthew 10 : 7 ; Luke 10 : 3.
4.
What is involved in being “ fishers of men ”?
4 What did Jesus expect his disciples to do?
Did he want them to preach individually or as a well-organized group?
Since it was impossible for an individual to preach to “ all the nations, ” then his disciples would have to be an organized group.
That is what Jesus meant when he invited his disciples to become “ fishers of men. ”
( Read Matthew 4 : 18-22. )
Jesus was not speaking of a fisherman who laid a fish while waiting for it to bit.
Instead, he spoke of a fisherman using a net.
This method of fishing requires effort, organization, and teamwork. — Luke 5 : 1-11.
5.
What four questions do we need to answer, and why?
5 To identify who preaches the good news, we need to answer these four questions :
What message should Jesus ’ followers preach?
For what purpose should they preach?
What methods should they use?
How widespread should their work be and how long should it last?
The answers to these questions will help us to identify who is doing this lifesaving work and will motivate us to keep on preaching. — 1 Timothy 4 : 16.
WHAT NOTE SHOULD THEY PREACH?
6.
What can assure you that Jehovah ’ s Witnesses are preaching the right message?
6 Read Luke 4 : 43.
Jesus preached “ the good news of the Kingdom, ” and he wants his followers to do the same.
Who share that message with people?
Jehovah ’ s Witnesses alone!
Even people who do not love us know it.
Consider, for example, what a clergyman ’ s missionary said to one of Jehovah ’ s Witnesses.
In each country he visited, he asked Jehovah ’ s Witnesses what message they preached.
The priest said : “ They were stupid just because they all answered : ‘ The good news of the Kingdom. ’ ”
In effect, the clergyman ’ s words indicate that we are not stupid but united.
( 1 Corinthians 1 : 10 ) God ’ s Kingdom is the main message in The Watchtower.
This magazine is available in 254 languages and has a printing of some 59,000,000 copies, making it the most widely distributed magazine in the world!
Only Jehovah ’ s Witnesses preach the good news of the Kingdom
7.
How do we know that church teachers do not preach the right message?
7 Church teachers do not preach God ’ s Kingdom.
When they speak of this Kingdom, many say that it is in a person ’ s heart.
( Luke 17 : 21 ) They do not teach people that this Kingdom is a heavenly government and that Jesus is its king.
Rather, they focus on Jesus during Christmas or Easter.
They do not tell people that the Kingdom will solve all of mankind ’ s problems and will eliminate all wickedness from the earth.
( Revelation 19 : 11-21 ) Clearly, church leaders do not know what God ’ s King, Jesus, will do.
They do not understand Jesus ’ message, nor do they understand why they should preach it.
WHAT IS OUR PURPOSE IN PREACHING?
8.
For what wrong purpose do some people preach?
8 Followers of Jesus should not trade in the preaching work or seek to build luxurious buildings.
Jesus said : “ You received free, give free. ”
( Matthew 10 : 8 ) So the preaching work is not to be a business.
( 2 Corinthians 2 : 17 ) Jesus ’ followers should not ask for compensation for their preaching activity.
( Read Acts 20 : 33-35. )
Although Jesus ’ command is clear, many churches focus on receiving collections to spend the money in the church and on paying the priests and other church workers.
That is why many church leaders are so rich. — Revelation 17 : 4, 5.
Preaching should not be a business
9.
How do Jehovah ’ s Witnesses show that they are doing the preaching work with the right motive?
9 Do Jehovah ’ s Witnesses take up collections at Kingdom Halls or at their conventions?
No!
Their work is supported by voluntary donations.
( 2 Corinthians 9 : 7 ) Last year, however, Jehovah ’ s Witnesses spent two billion hours preaching the good news, and they conducted over nine million Bible studies each month.
They are not paid for this work but are happy to use their funds to support it.
One researcher said of the work of Jehovah ’ s Witnesses : “ Their main objective is to preach and teach. ”
He also said that Jehovah ’ s Witnesses do not have paid priests.
So if we do not view preaching as a means of making money, what is our objective?
We make ourselves available to do this work because we love Jehovah and our fellowman.
That is in harmony with the prophecy recorded at Psalm 110 : 3.
( Read. )
WHAT Methods SHOULD BE USED?
We preach where people are ( See paragraph 10 )
10.
What methods did Jesus and his followers use to preach?
10 What methods of preaching did Jesus and his followers use?
They went preaching wherever there was a people.
For example, they preached on the streets and in the marketplaces.
They also visited people in their homes.
( Matthew 10 : 11 ; Luke 8 : 1 ; Acts 5 : 42 ; 20 : 20 ) House-to-house preaching was an organized way to reach all sorts of people.
11, 12.
What contrast is there between the efforts of the churches and those of Jehovah ’ s people when it comes to preaching the good news?
11 Do the churches preach the good news as Jesus did?
Often, paid priests preach only to members of their own church.
Rather than trying to make new disciples, these leaders strive to avoid losing their remaining members.
Sometimes they encourage their members to preach.
For example, in the year 2001, Pope John Paul II wrote a letter to church members encouraging them to preach the Gospel and to be as zealous as did the apostle Paul, who said : “ Woe is me if I do not preach the Gospel. ”
The pope said that this preaching work should be done not only by a few trained persons but by all members of the church.
Few, though, listened.
12 Do Jehovah ’ s Witnesses preach the good news?
They are the only ones who tell people that Jesus began ruling in 1914.
They obey Jesus and put the preaching work first in their lives.
( Mark 13 : 10 ) The book Pillars of Faith — American Congregations and Their Partners says that Jehovah ’ s Witnesses place great importance on the preaching work.
Also, when they meet people who are hungry, lonely, and sick, they try to help them, but they keep in mind that their main work is preaching about the end of the world and teaching people about salvation.
Jehovah ’ s Witnesses continue to preach that message and to imitate the methods of preaching that Jesus and his followers used.
HOW WOULD THIS WORK SPREAD AND HOW LONG?
13.
How widespread should the preaching work be?
13 Jesus said that his followers would preach the good news “ in all the inhabited earth. ”
He commanded them to make disciples of people of “ all the nations. ”
( Matthew 24 : 14 ; 28 : 19, 20 ) This means that the good news must be preached worldwide.
14, 15.
What shows that Jehovah ’ s Witnesses fulfilled Jesus ’ prophecy about the expansion of the preaching work?
( See opening picture. )
14 Only Jehovah ’ s Witnesses are fulfilling Jesus ’ prophecy that the good news will be preached in all the earth.
Why do we say that?
In the United States, there are some 600,000 ministers, and there are about 1,200,000 Witnesses of Jehovah preaching the good news in that land.
There are some 400,000 Catholic priests worldwide, and over eight million of Jehovah ’ s Witnesses are preaching the good news in 240 lands.
Clearly, Jehovah ’ s Witnesses are preaching the good news worldwide, bringing honor and praise to Jehovah. — Psalm 34 : 1 ; 51 : 15.
15 Our aim is to share the good news with many before the end comes.
To accomplish this work, we have translated and printed millions of books, magazines, tracts, and invitations to the convention and the Memorial in over 700 languages.
We give them to people free of charge.
Last year alone, we printed some 4.5 billion pieces of Bible literature.
We also printed over 200 million copies of the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures in over 130 languages.
Our website has information in over 750 languages.
Jehovah ’ s Witnesses are the only ones doing this hard work.
16.
How do we know that Jehovah ’ s Witnesses are supported by holy spirit?
16 How long will the preaching work last?
Jesus said that the good news will be preached until the end comes.
Holy spirit has helped us to continue in this work until these last days.
( Acts 1 : 8 ; 1 Peter 4 : 14 ) Some churchgoers may claim to have holy spirit.
But are they able to do the work that Jehovah ’ s Witnesses are doing in these last days?
Some people have tried to imitate us, but they have failed.
Others are able to preach, but it is only temporary.
There are those who go from house to house but do not preach the good news of the Kingdom.
Hence, they do not do the work that Jesus did.
WHO REALLY PREACHES THE GOOD NEWS TODAY?
17, 18. ( a ) Why are we convinced that Jehovah ’ s Witnesses are preaching the good news of the Kingdom today? ( b ) What helps us to continue in this work?
17 Who are preaching the good news of the Kingdom?
Jehovah ’ s Witnesses alone!
How do we know that?
Because we are speaking about the right message, the good news of the Kingdom.
We use good habits because we go where people are.
We preach with the right motive, namely, to love Jehovah and others.
Our work is widespread because we preach to people of all nations and languages.
And we will continue to preach the good news of the Kingdom until the end comes!
18 It is heartwarming to see the fine work Jehovah ’ s people are doing in preaching the good news in these last days.
How, though, do we accomplish all this work?
“ God is the one that, for the sake of his good pleasure, is acting within you in order for you both to will and to act, ” says the apostle Paul.
( Philippians 2 : 13 ) May Jehovah continue to give us the strength we need in order to do all we can to preach the good news! — 2 Timothy 4 : 5.
SOME EXPRESSIONS EXPLAINED
Our work is widespread because we preach the good news worldwide and we preach to people of all nations.
This includes the number of Witnesses preaching the good news, the high number of publications containing this message, and the number of languages in which we preach
Benefit Fully From Jehovah ’ s Provisions
“ I, Jehovah, am your God, the One teaching you to benefit yourself. ” — ISAIAH 48 : 17.
SONGS : 117, 114
HOW WOULD YOU ANSWER?
What could cause us to miss out on spiritual provisions?
What suggestions can help us to benefit from the rest of the Bible?
How can we benefit from studying publications prepared for young people and those we meet in the ministry?
1, 2. ( a ) How do Jehovah ’ s Witnesses feel about the Bible? ( b ) Which aspect of the Bible do you like?
AS JEHOVAH ’ S WITNESSES, we love the Bible very much.
It provides comfort, hope, and reliable guidance.
( Romans 15 : 4 ) It is, not a book full of human ideas, but “ the word of God. ” — 1 Thessalonians 2 : 13.
2 There are portions of the Bible that most of us treasure.
Some favor the Gospels because they reflect Jehovah ’ s beautiful qualities in Jesus.
( John 14 : 9 ) Others appreciate such prophetic books as Revelation, which tells us of “ the things that must shortly take place. ”
( Revelation 1 : 1 ) Some find comfort in reading the book of Psalms, while others enjoy the counsel found in the book of Proverbs.
Clearly, the Bible is a book for all people.
3, 4. ( a ) How do we feel about our publications? ( b ) What publications do we have but are intended for individuals?
3 Because we love the Bible, we also love our publications that are based on God ’ s Word.
All the books, brochures, magazines, and other publications we have come from Jehovah.
They help us to draw close to him and strengthen our faith. — Titus 2 : 2.
4 Most of our publications are directed to Jehovah ’ s Witnesses.
However, some publications are intended for individuals, such as youths or parents.
Many of the articles and videos on jw.org are designed for those who are not Jehovah ’ s Witnesses.
This information shows that Jehovah has fulfilled his promise to guide all mankind to the full. — Isaiah 25 : 6.
5.
What does Jehovah appreciate?
5 Most of us would like to have more time to read the Bible and our publications.
So, too often, we will not spend enough time studying each issue.
We can be sure that Jehovah is pleased when we use our time wisely by reading and studying the Bible along with our publications.
( Ephesians 5 : 15, 16 ) However, we must avoid some danger.
What is that danger?
6.
What could cause us to miss out on Jehovah ’ s provisions?
6 If we are not careful, we may feel that parts of the Bible or some other publication do not affect us.
For example, what if a portion of the Bible seems to be of little value to us?
Or what will we do if a publication is prepared for specific individuals?
Will we simply overlook it, or will we avoid reading it altogether?
If so, we may lose valuable information for our benefit.
How can we avoid that danger?
We need to remember that all the information we have comes from Jehovah.
The Bible says : “ I, Jehovah, am your God, the One teaching you to benefit yourself. ”
( Isaiah 48 : 17 ) In this article, we will discuss three suggestions that will help us to benefit from Jehovah ’ s arrangements.
TIPS TO BENEFIT FROM READING THE BIBLE
7.
Why should we be open-minded when reading the Bible?
7 Read with open minds.
True, parts of the Bible were written for a specific individual or group of people.
However, the Bible says : “ All Scripture is inspired of God and beneficial. ” ( 2 Timothy 3 : 16 ) That is why we need to be open-minded when reading the Bible.
One brother says that he reminds himself that a single Bible account is conducive to several studies.
As a result, he finds less obvious truths.
So before reading the Bible, we need to ask Jehovah for open mind and wisdom so that we can understand what he requires of us. — Ezra 7 : 10 ; read James 1 : 5.
Do you benefit from reading the Bible?
( See paragraph 7 )
8, 9. ( a ) What questions might we ask ourselves when reading the Bible? ( b ) What do the qualifications of Christian elders teach us about Jehovah?
8 Ask yourself questions.
As you read the Bible, pause and ask yourself these questions : ‘ What does this account teach me about Jehovah?
How can I apply this information in my life?
How can I use it to help others? ’
Meditating on these questions will help us to benefit from what we read in the Bible.
Let us look at an example.
The Bible identifies certain qualifications that Christian elders must meet.
( Read 1 Timothy 3 : 2-7. )
Most of us, though, are not elders, so we may feel that this information is useless.
However, let us use these three questions to see how these qualifications can benefit us.
9 “ What does this account teach me about Jehovah? ”
Jehovah has given us a list of qualifications for elders.
He gives high standards to men who care for the congregation.
This shows that the congregation is precious to Jehovah.
The Bible says that he purchased it “ with the blood of his own Son. ”
( Acts 20 : 28 ) Thus, Jehovah expects elders to be good examples and to render an account to him for the way they treat members of the congregation.
Jehovah wants us to feel secure.
( Isaiah 32 : 1, 2 ) As we read about these qualifications, we learn that Jehovah truly cares for us.
Jehovah expects each of us to be reasonable and discerning
10, 11. ( a ) When we read about the qualifications of elders, how can we apply these information in our lives? ( b ) How can we use this information to help others?
10 “ How can I apply this information in my life? ”
If you are already an elder, you need to examine these qualifications from time to time and try to improve where necessary.
If you are “ reaching out for an office of overseer, ” you should strive to qualify.
( 1 Timothy 3 : 1 ) And all Christians can learn something about these qualifications.
For example, Jehovah expects each of us to be reasonable and discreet.
( Philippians 4 : 5 ; 1 Peter 4 : 7 ) If elders are “ examples to the flock, ” we can learn from them and “ imitate their faith. ” — 1 Peter 5 : 3 ; Hebrews 13 : 7.
11 “ How can I use this information to help others? ”
We can use these qualifications of Christian elders to help our Bible students see the difference between the elders and the clergy of the churches.
These qualifications can also help us to remember the hard work these elders do in the congregation.
This, in turn, will bring them honor and respect.
( 1 Thessalonians 5 : 12 ) The more we honor them, the happier they will be in their assignment. — Hebrews 13 : 17.
12, 13. ( a ) How can we use our research tools? ( b ) Give an example of how we can use the context of a scripture to learn a lesson that is difficult to find.
12 Do research.
When studying the Bible, we can look for answers to the following questions :
Who wrote this Bible book?
Where and when was it written?
What momentous events took place when this book was written?
This information may help us to learn lessons that are not readily available.
13 For example, Ezekiel 14 : 13, 14 states : “ If... the earth... should act unfaithfully against me, I will stretch out my hand toward it and break toward it the rods of loaves hanging upon them, and I will send upon it a famine and cut off from it earthling man and domestic animal.
‘ But if these three men were in the midst of it, Noah, Daniel, and Job, because of their righteousness they would redeem their soul, ’ says the Sovereign Lord Jehovah. ”
If we do some research, we will find that Ezekiel recorded those words some 612 years before Christ came to earth.
Hundreds of years had passed since the death of Noah and Job, and their faithfulness remained in Jehovah ’ s memory.
Still, Daniel was alive.
He was likely about 20 years old when, like Noah and Job, Jehovah declared him righteous.
The lesson?
Jehovah sees and values all of his servants. — Psalm 148 : 12-14.
USE DIFFERENT PUBLICATIONS
14.
How does information prepared for youths help them, and how can it benefit others?
( See opening picture. )
14 Publications designed for young people.
We have learned that we can learn valuable lessons from the rest of the Bible.
Similarly, all our publications can benefit us.
Let us consider a few examples.
Recently, Jehovah has provided a wealth of information for young people. [ 1 ] ( See endnote. )
This information helps them to cope with the pressures of school and the challenges they face as they grow older.
And how can we others benefit from reading those publications?
By reading that material, we learn about the problems young people face and are able to help and encourage them.
Older Christians should not overlook information prepared for youths
15.
Why should mature Christians be interested in information prepared for youths?
15 Older Christians should not overlook this information written for young people.
Many of the problems discussed in those articles affect all Christians.
For example, all of us must defend our faith, control our emotions, resist peer pressure, avoid association, and engage in unwholesome entertainment.
Thus, although these publications are designed for young people, the information they contain is based on the Bible and can help all Christians.
16.
What do our publications help young people to do?
16 These publications designed for young people can help them to strengthen their relationship with Jehovah.
( Read Ecclesiastes 12 : 1, 13. )
And this information can also help the elderly.
For example, the April 2009 issue of Awake! is entitled “ Young People Ask...
How Can I Make Bible Reading Enjoyable? ”
That article contains practical suggestions as well as a box that can be cut and used during study periods.
Did this article help the elderly?
One married woman said that it was difficult to read the Bible.
However, she has applied the suggestions found in that article and now enjoys reading the Bible.
She says that she appreciates the harmony of Bible literature and says : “ I enjoy reading the Bible very much. ”
17, 18.
How can we benefit from reading literature prepared for those we meet in the ministry?
Give an example.
17 Publications that we place in our ministry.
Since 2008, we have studying The Watchtower, which we use at our meetings.
This magazine was prepared for Jehovah ’ s Witnesses, and we have other magazines to distribute in our ministry.
How can we benefit from this magazine that we share in the ministry?
Let us illustrate.
You rejoice when you invite someone to the Kingdom Hall and then come.
As the speaker proceeds, you have your guest in mind.
He wondered how the person felt about the information he heard and how it could change his life.
As a result, you enjoy the topic under discussion.
18 Something similar can happen when we read the literature prepared for those we meet in the ministry.
For example, The Watchtower, which we offer in the ministry, as well as articles on jw.org, describe the Bible in terms that are easier to understand.
When we read that information, we understand the Bible much better and appreciate the truths we already know.
We also learn new ways to express our beliefs.
Similarly, the Awake! magazine assures us that there is a Creator.
This magazine also helps us to explain our beliefs to others. — Read 1 Peter 3 : 15.
19.
How can we show Jehovah that we appreciate his provisions?
19 Clearly, Jehovah has given us abundant good advice.
( Matthew 5 : 3 ) Let us continue to read and apply all that we learn.
By doing so, we will benefit ourselves and show Jehovah that we appreciate all his provisions. — Isaiah 48 : 17.
[ 1 ] ( paragraph 14 ) This information includes Questions Young People Ask — Answers That Work, Volumes 1 and 2, as well as a series of articles entitled “ Young People Ask, ” currently published only on jw.org.
SOME EXPRESSIONS EXPLAINED
We benefit from the guidance and counsel that Jehovah provides.
Jehovah ’ s provisions include the Bible, our publications, and the information found on jw.org.
We benefit from reading them and carefully studying the information they contain
To be open-minded means to be willing to accept new ideas.
When reading the Bible and our Bible-based publications, we need to meditate and apply what we learn
Study Edition
MAY 2016
STUDY ARTICLES FOR : JUNE 27 – JULY 31, 2016
© 2016 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania
COVER IMAGE :
GHANA
The girl talks to her classmates about the good news and gives them a tract.
He lives in Ho, a town in the Volta region of Ghana
PUBLISHERS
125,443
BIBLE STUDIES
382,408
MEMORIAL ATTENDANCE ( 2014 )
347,725
This publication is not for sale.
It is provided as part of a worldwide Bible educational work supported by voluntary donations.
To make a donation, please visit www.jw.org.
Unless otherwise indicated, Scripture quotations are from the modern-language New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures.
Let Jehovah Guide Your Decisions
“ Go on perceiving what the will of Jehovah is. ” — EPHESIANS 5 : 17.
SONGS : 69, 57
HOW WOULD YOU ANSWER?
What effect can our decisions have on us, and what effect can they have on others?
If there is no specific law in the Bible, how can we determine what will please Jehovah?
What can help us to learn more about Jehovah ’ s thinking?
1.
Name some Bible standards, and explain how obeying them will help us.
THE Bible contains laws on how Jehovah wants us to act.
For example, the Bible says that we should not engage in idolatry, stealing, drunkenness, or sexual immorality.
( 1 Corinthians 6 : 9, 10 ) Similarly, God ’ s Son commanded his followers : “ Make disciples of people of all the nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the holy spirit, teaching them to observe all the things I have commanded you.
And, look! I am with you all the days until the conclusion of the system of things. ”
( Matthew 28 : 19, 20 ) Whatever Jehovah and Jesus command us, we benefit ourselves.
Jehovah ’ s standards teach us to care for ourselves, to care for our family, to be healthy, and to be happy.
Above all, if we obey Jehovah ’ s commands, including the command to preach, Jehovah will be overjoyed and blessed.
2, 3. ( a ) Why does the Bible not have a standard for everything in life? ( b ) What questions will we consider in this article?
( See opening picture. )
2 Of course, the Bible does not contain a standard for everything in life.
For example, the Bible does not contain a code of dress.
This shows us how wise Jehovah is.
Although fashion is changing from time to time and people wear different styles of clothing, the Bible is not out-of-date.
It also lacks countless rules governing where to work, how to entertain ourselves, or what we must do to enjoy good health.
Jehovah has allowed individuals or family heads to make their own decisions in these matters.
3 So if we have to decide on a matter where there is no Bible law to guide us, we might ask ourselves : ‘ Does Jehovah care about my decision?
Will you enjoy it as long as I do not break his Bible standards?
How can I be sure that he will be pleased with my decisions? ’
OUR DECISIONS AFFECT US AND OTHERS
4, 5.
How do our decisions affect us and others?
4 There are those who think that they can do whatever they want.
But we want to do what pleases Jehovah.
So before making a decision, we need to think about what the Bible teaches and then act on it.
For example, the Bible tells us how God feels about the use of blood, so we follow its teachings.
( Genesis 9 : 4 ; Acts 15 : 28, 29 ) We can ask Jehovah to help us make decisions that will please him.
5 Our decisions affect us.
When we make a wise decision, we draw closer to Jehovah.
And when we make a bad decision, we endanger our friendship with God.
Our decisions can also affect others.
We do not want to do anything that might stumble our brothers or weaken their faith.
We also do not want to separate our brothers.
It is important, therefore, that we make wise decisions. — Read Romans 14 : 19 ; Galatians 6 : 7.
6.
What guidelines should we follow when making decisions?
6 How can we make wise decisions if the Bible does not specifically tell us what to do?
Rather than indulging in selfish pursuits, we should consider our situation and make a decision that pleases Jehovah.
If we do, we can be sure that he will help us to succeed. — Read Psalm 37 : 5.
WHAT DOES JEHOVAH REQUIRE OF ME?
7.
If the Bible does not have a specific rule about a situation, how can we know what Jehovah requires of us in that situation?
7 How can we determine what will please Jehovah?
“ Go on perceiving what the will of Jehovah is, ” says Ephesians 5 : 17.
If the Bible does not have a specific rule about a situation, we should recognize, or understand, what Jehovah requires of us in that situation.
How can we do that?
We need to pray and let holy spirit guide us.
8.
How did Jesus discern what Jehovah wanted him to do?
Give an example.
8 Jesus always knew what Jehovah wanted him to do.
On two occasions, for example, Jesus performed a miracle by praying and feeding the hungry crowds.
( Matthew 14 : 17-20 ; 15 : 34-37 ) Yet, when he was hungry in the wilderness and the Devil tempted him to turn stones into bread, he refused.
( Read Matthew 4 : 2-4. )
He knew his Father well, so he knew that Jehovah would not be pleased if he used the holy spirit in that way.
He was confident that his Father would give him guidance and food at the right time.
9, 10.
What will help us to make wise decisions?
Illustrate.
9 Like Jesus, we can make wise decisions if we rely on Jehovah ’ s guidance.
The Bible says : “ Trust in Jehovah with all your heart and do not lean upon your own understanding.
In all your ways take notice of him, and he himself will make your paths straight.
Do not view yourself as wise.
Fear Jehovah and turn away from bad. ”
( Proverbs 3 : 5-7 ) If we study the Bible and discern Jehovah ’ s thinking, we will understand what he requires of us in a particular situation.
If we do, it will be easier to make decisions that please him.
This will make us “ swift about responding to God ’ s direction. ” — Ezekiel 11 : 19, footnote.
10 Suppose a wife is shopping and finds attractive, expensive shoes.
Even if her husband is not present, she knows how she feels if she spends so much money.
How do you know?
They have been married for some time, so she already knows how her husband wants the money to be spent.
Similarly, if we learn about Jehovah ’ s thinking and past actions, we will know what he requires of us under varying circumstances.
HOW CAN YOU KNOW WHAT JEHOVAH THINK?
11.
What questions might we ask ourselves when reading or studying the Bible?
( See the box “ If You Read the Bible, Ask Yourself. ” )
11 How can we know what Jehovah thinks?
The most important thing we can do is to read and study the Bible regularly.
If we do, we might ask ourselves : ‘ What do I learn about Jehovah?
Why did he do things this way? ’
We can also imitate David by asking Jehovah to help us get to know him better.
David wrote : “ Make me know your own ways, O Jehovah ; teach me your own paths.
For you are my God of salvation.
In you I have hoped all day long. ”
( Psalm 25 : 4, 5 ) When we learn something about Jehovah, we can think of different ways to use that information.
Can we use it in the family, at work, at school, or in the field ministry?
When we consider a situation, it will be easy to know how Jehovah wants us to use that information.
To understand what Jehovah is thinking, we need to read and study the Bible regularly
12.
How can our publications and meetings help us to understand Jehovah ’ s thinking on a variety of subjects?
12 Another way to know Jehovah ’ s thinking is to take note of what his organization teaches about the Bible.
For example, when faced with a decision, we can use the Watch Tower Publications Index and the Research Guide of Jehovah ’ s Witnesses to discern Jehovah ’ s thinking.
We can also be helped by listening and commenting at meetings as well as by meditating on the things we are being taught.
This will help us to think as Jehovah does.
By doing so, we will be able to make decisions that will please him and be blessed by him.
LET JEHOVAH HELP YOU IN MAKING DECISIONS
13.
Give an example of how knowing Jehovah ’ s thoughts can help us to make wise decisions.
13 Let us see how we can make the right decision when we meditate on what Jehovah thinks.
Per you want to pioneer.
You have made changes in your life so that you can devote more time to the ministry.
Still, you wonder if you will be happy without much money and possessions.
Of course, the Bible does not say that we must pioneer in order to serve Jehovah.
We are able to serve him well and faithfully as publishers.
But Jesus said that Jehovah blesses those who make sacrifices to support the Kingdom.
( Read Luke 18 : 29, 30. )
The Bible also says that Jehovah is pleased when we strive to praise him and that he wants us to serve him joyfully.
( Psalm 119 : 108 ; 2 Corinthians 9 : 7 ) If we pray and meditate on these matters, we will make wise decisions, and Jehovah will bless us.
14.
How can you tell whether a certain type of clothing pleases Jehovah?
14 Here is another example : Suppose you like a certain type of clothing and you know that some Christians may be upset when they see you wearing it.
The Bible does not say anything about such clothing.
How, then, can you know how Jehovah feels about them?
The Bible says : “ Women should adorn themselves in well-arranged dress, with modesty and soundness of mind, not with styles of hair braiding and gold or pearls or very expensive garb, but in the way that befits women professing to reverence God, namely, through good works. ” ( 1 Timothy 2 : 9, 10 ) True, all of Jehovah ’ s servants, including men, can learn from this counsel.
If we are modest, we will consider how others will feel about the clothes we wear.
We avoid stumbling our brothers or hurting them because we love them.
( 1 Corinthians 10 : 23, 24 ; Philippians 3 : 17 ) If we reflect on what the Bible teaches and know how Jehovah thinks, we will make decisions that please him.
15, 16. ( a ) How does Jehovah feel when we dwell on sexual immorality? ( b ) How can we determine what entertainment pleases Jehovah? ( c ) How should we make serious decisions?
15 The Bible teaches us that Jehovah is deeply hurt when people do and think about bad things.
( Read Genesis 6 : 5, 6. )
Clearly, Jehovah does not want us to think about sexual immorality.
In fact, if we dwell on such things, we may end up doing them.
Jehovah, on the other hand, wants us to think about things that are pure and righteous.
The disciple James wrote that wisdom from Jehovah “ is first of all chaste, then peaceable, reasonable, ready to obey, full of mercy and good fruits, not making partial distinctions, not hypocritical. ”
( James 3 : 17 ) Thus, the Bible teaches us that we should avoid entertainment that can lead to wrong thoughts or desires.
And the more we understand what Jehovah loves and hates, the easier it will be for us to be selective in our choice of good books, movies, or sports.
We will not need to ask others what to do.
16 When we make decisions, there are often a number of options, but all are pleasing to Jehovah.
And when we make an important decision, it may be wise to consult an elder or a mature Christian.
( Titus 2 : 3-5 ; James 5 : 13-15 ) Of course, we should not ask that person to make a decision for us.
Rather, we should consider what the Bible teaches and then make a personal decision.
( Hebrews 5 : 14 ) “ Each one will carry his own load, ” wrote the apostle Paul. — Galatians 6 : 5.
17.
How do we benefit when we make decisions that please Jehovah?
17 When we make decisions that please Jehovah, draw close to him, he accepts and blesses us.
( James 4 : 8 ) Then our faith is strengthened.
So let us meditate on what we read in the Bible so that we can discern Jehovah ’ s thinking.
Of course, we will keep learning new things about Jehovah.
( Job 26 : 14 ) And if we strive to learn him now, we will be wise and able to make wise decisions.
( Proverbs 2 : 1-5 ) Our plans and ideas change, but Jehovah does not.
“ The counsel of Jehovah will stand to times indefinite, ” said the psalmist. “ The thoughts of his heart are toward one generation after another. ”
( Psalm 33 : 11 ) Clearly, we will be able to make wise decisions if we learn to think Jehovah ’ s way and then do what pleases him.
WHEN YOU READ THE BIBLE, ASK YOURSELF :
What does this teach me about Jehovah?
( Psalm 25 : 4 )
How can I apply this information...
at home?
at work?
at school?
in the ministry?
SOME EXPRESSIONS EXPLAINED
Recognition of Jehovah ’ s will : To search for or understand what Jehovah thinks and pleases.
Doing so is especially important when there is no specific Bible law.
We need to pray and meditate on what we have learned about Jehovah, what he loves, what he dislikes, and what he has done in the past
Does the Bible Still Change Your Life?
“ Be transformed by making your mind over. ” — ROMANS 12 : 2.
SONGS : 61, 52
HOW WOULD YOU ANSWER?
Why should we not stop making changes after we get baptized?
Why does God expect us to strive to overcome our weaknesses?
How can we keep God ’ s Word changing our lives?
1-3. ( a ) What changes may we find it difficult to make after we get baptized? ( b ) If progress is harder than we had imagined, what questions might we ask ourselves?
( See opening picture. )
Kevin has gambled, smoked, drank heavily, and used drugs for many years. [ 1 ] ( See endnote. )
He learned about Jehovah, and that made him want to be his friend.
But to do so, he had to make major changes in his life.
He was able to change because Jehovah helped him through His Word, the Bible. — Hebrews 4 : 12.
2 After his baptism, Kevin still needed to change his personality to become a good Christian.
( Ephesians 4 : 31, 32 ) For example, he was impatient.
To his surprise, he realized that he could not control his emotions.
In fact, Kevin says that it was harder to control his emotions than when he had to give up the bad things he did before he was baptized.
But she was able to make changes because she earnestly asked Jehovah to help her and to study the Bible.
3 Before our baptism, many of us had to make drastic changes in our lives in order to live in harmony with Bible standards.
Yet, we realize that we still need to make small changes in order to be like God and Christ.
( Ephesians 5 : 1, 2 ; 1 Peter 2 : 21 ) For example, we recognize our tendency to complain or often gossip and say hurtful things about others.
Or at times, we do bad things because we want to please people.
Per we have been trying to change for years, but doing so is not easy.
So we might ask ourselves : ‘ Why is making changes so difficult?
What must I do to follow Bible teachings in order to improve my personality? ’
YOU CAN MAKE JEHOVAH HAPPY
4.
Why can we not always please Jehovah?
4 We love Jehovah and strive to please him.
But sadly, as sinners, we cannot always please him.
We often feel as did the apostle Paul : “ I have the ability to wish, but I do not have the ability to do what is fine. ” — Romans 7 : 18 ; James 3 : 2.
5.
What adjustments did we make before we got baptized, and what weaknesses may we still have to contend with?
5 Before we became part of the congregation, we had to stop doing things that Jehovah disliked.
( 1 Corinthians 6 : 9, 10 ) But we are still sinners.
( Colossians 3 : 9, 10 ) Thus, we make mistakes even after years of baptism.
At times, we may have wrong desires and feelings, or we may find it difficult to change our bad personality.
In fact, we may have been trying to change that personality for years.
6, 7. ( a ) What enables us to remain Jehovah ’ s friends despite our sinful state? ( b ) Why should we not be afraid to ask Jehovah for forgiveness?
6 Even if we are sinners, we can still be Jehovah ’ s friends and serve him.
Remember the first time you became Jehovah ’ s friend.
He is the One who found something good in you, and He is the One who wanted you to know him.
( John 6 : 44 ) He also knew that he had weaknesses and would make mistakes.
But Jehovah still wanted you to be his friend.
7 Jehovah loved us so much that he gave us a precious gift.
He sent his Son to earth to give his life as a ransom for our sins.
( John 3 : 16 ) If we have made a mistake, we can ask Jehovah for forgiveness.
But the ransom assures us that he will forgive us and that we will continue to be his friends.
( Romans 7 : 24, 25 ; 1 John 2 : 1, 2 ) Remember that Jesus died for repentant sinners.
So even if we feel that our sins are serious, we should not stop praying to Jehovah for forgiveness.
If we do not ask for his forgiveness, it will be like refusing to wash dirty hands.
How thankful we are that we can still be Jehovah ’ s friends, even if we are sinners! — Read 1 Timothy 1 : 15.
If we want to draw close to Jehovah, we must strive to imitate him and his Son
8.
Why should we not overlook our weaknesses?
8 Of course, we should not overlook our weaknesses or justify our refusal to change.
Jehovah has told us what kind of friends he wants to be with.
( Psalm 15 : 1-5 ) So if we want to draw close to him, we must strive to imitate him and his Son.
We should strive to control wrong desires, even overcoming some of them.
No matter how long we have been baptized, we must continue to improve our personality. — 2 Corinthians 13 : 11.
9.
How do we know that putting on the new personality is a continuous thing?
9 The apostle Paul told Christians : “ Put away the old personality which conforms to your former course of conduct and which is being corrupted according to his deceptive desires ; but that you may be made new in the force actuating your mind, and that you may put on the new personality which was created according to God ’ s will in true righteousness and loyalty. ”
( Ephesians 4 : 22-24 ) This means that we should strive to be transformed and to “ put on the new personality. ”
So no matter how long we have been serving Jehovah, we can keep learning about his personality.
But the Bible can help us to continue making changes in our personality so that we can be like God.
WHY DOES IT HAPPEN?
10.
What must we do if the Bible continues to help us make changes, and what questions might we ask ourselves?
10 All of us want to live by Bible standards.
But to continue making changes in our lives, we must work hard.
Why should we put forth so much effort?
Why did Jehovah not make it easier to do what was right?
11-13.
Why does Jehovah expect us to strive to overcome our weaknesses?
11 When we look at the universe and all that is in it, we have no doubt that Jehovah has the power to do everything.
For example, he created the sun, and we know that it is very powerful.
Every second, the sun produces unprecedented light and heat, and the earth needs just a fraction of that energy to sustain life.
( Psalm 74 : 16 ; Isaiah 40 : 26 ) Jehovah also gives power to his servants on earth when they need it.
( Isaiah 40 : 29 ) Clearly, if Jehovah desired, he would make it easier for us to overcome our weaknesses and to avoid improper desires.
Why not?
12 Jehovah has given us free will.
He does not force us to obey him.
By choosing to obey him and by striving to do his will, we show that we love him and want to please him.
Satan claims that Jehovah does not have the right to rule over us.
And when we obey Jehovah, we show him that we want him to be our Ruler.
We can be sure that our loving Father values whatever effort we make to obey him.
( Job 2 : 3-5 ; Proverbs 27 : 11 ) When we strive to fight our weaknesses even when they are not easy, we show that we are loyal to Jehovah and that we want him to be our Ruler.
13 Jehovah tells us to strive to imitate him.
( Colossians 3 : 12 ; read 2 Peter 1 : 5-7. )
He also expects us to try to control our emotions and thoughts.
( Romans 8 : 5 ; 12 : 9 ) Every time we strive to make changes in our lives and succeed, our joy is great.
LET GOD ’ S WORD CHANGE YOU
14, 15.
What can we do to cultivate the qualities that Jehovah loves?
( See the box “ Prayer and the Bible Changed Their Lives. ” )
14 What must we do to cultivate qualities that Jehovah delights in?
Instead of deciding for ourselves where we need to change, we need to let God guide us.
Romans 12 : 2 says : “ Quit being fashioned after this system of things, but be transformed by making your mind over, that you may prove to your the good and acceptable and perfect will of God. ”
So if we want to know what Jehovah requires, we need to rely on the help he provides.
We need to read the Bible daily, meditate on what we read, and ask Jehovah for holy spirit.
( Luke 11 : 13 ; Galatians 5 : 22, 23 ) By doing so, we will be able to understand what pleases him, and we will learn to think as he does.
And we will end up thinking, speaking, and acting in a way that pleases Jehovah and will learn to control our weaknesses.
Nevertheless, we will need to keep on fighting against them. — Proverbs 4 : 23.
Collect the articles in our publications or Bible verses that can help you to fight your weaknesses, and read them from time to time ( See paragraph 15 )
15 We also need to study the Bible with the help of such publications as The Watchtower and Awake!
Many of the many articles in these journals teach us how to imitate Jehovah ’ s qualities and how to fight our weaknesses.
We may find articles or scriptures that can be of great help.
We can store them so that we can read them again at another time.
16.
Why should we not be discouraged if we are not able to make changes quickly?
16 It takes time to learn to imitate Jehovah ’ s qualities.
If you feel that you have not made the needed changes, be patient.
At first, you may have to force yourself to practice what the Bible teaches.
And if you think and act the way Jehovah wants you to, you will find it easier to think as he does and to do what is right. — Psalm 37 : 31 ; Proverbs 23 : 12 ; Galatians 5 : 16, 17.
ANALYZE THE HAPPY FUTURE
17.
If we are loyal to Jehovah, what bright future can we look forward to?
17 We look forward to the time when we will be sinless and serve Jehovah forever.
At that time, we will not have to contend with our weaknesses, and it will be easier to imitate Jehovah.
Even now we can worship Jehovah because he has given us the gift of the ransom.
Even though we are sinners, we can please him if we continue to strive to adjust and follow what the Bible teaches.
18, 19.
How can we be sure that the Bible has the power to help us continue to change our lives?
18 Kevin tried his best to learn to control his feelings of anger.
He meditated on what he read in the Bible and strove to change his life.
He also followed the counsel he received from fellow Christians.
Although Kevin has been trying to change for several years, he has been able to become a ministerial servant.
And he has served as an elder for 20 years.
Even now he knows that he must keep fighting his weaknesses.
19 Like Kevin, we can continue to improve our personality.
By doing so, we will be able to draw closer to Jehovah.
( Psalm 25 : 14 ) And if we do everything in our power to change, he will help us to succeed.
We can be confident that the Bible will help us to make changes in our lives. — Psalm 34 : 8.
[ 1 ] ( paragraph 1 ) Name has been changed.
Prayer and the Bible Changed Their Lives
Russell often complained about his brothers and sisters and felt that they often did not do things right.
Maria Victoria loved to gossip.
Linda was constantly nervous about what people thought of her or what they had to say when they saw her in the ministry.
Though baptized, they felt that they would never change.
But they have been able to make changes.
What helped them?
Russell : “ Praying to Jehovah and reading the Bible daily helped me.
I have also been helped by meditating on 2 Peter 2 : 11 and following the counsel of the elders. ”
Maria Victoria : “ I asked Jehovah to help me control my tongue.
I also had to stop associating with people who were gossiping about.
Psalm 64 : 1-4 made me realize that I do not want to be the person that others pray for protection!
I have also come to realize that if I continue to gossip, I am not setting a good example and blaspheming Jehovah ’ s name. ”
Linda : “ I learned how to place tracts in the ministry.
Being with people who enjoy different aspects of the ministry has been a great help to me.
And I rely on Jehovah by constantly praying to him. ”
SOME EXPRESSIONS EXPLAINED
We fight our own weaknesses : We may have weaknesses that are difficult to control, or we may make similar mistakes from time to time.
For example, we may be impatient, quick to anger, or inclined to complain about others.
We should strive to fight our weaknesses because we know that this pleases Jehovah
Table of Contents
WEEK OF AUGUST 1-7, 2016
3 Appreciate Our Potter — Jehovah
WEEK OF AUGUST 8-14, 2016
9 Do You Let the Great Potter Mold You?
A potter uses his hands to shape clay into beautiful vessels.
In these two articles, we will see why Jehovah is “ our Potter ” and learn what we must do to become the clay he easily molds.
WEEK OF AUGUST 15-21, 2016
15 “ Jehovah Our God Is One Jehovah ”
What is meant by the expression Jehovah our God is “ one Jehovah ”?
How does knowing this affect our relationship with him and with fellow Christians?
Our backgrounds vary, so we need to know what Jehovah expects of us if we want him to become “ our God. ”
WEEK OF AUGUST 22-28, 2016
21 Do Not Stumble Over the Mistakes of Others
We all do things that can hurt others.
How, then, should we react when someone says or does something that hurts us?
In this article, we will discuss some Bible examples that can help us.
28 Watching the World 30 From Our Readers
31 Questions From Readers
Appreciate Our Potter — Jehovah
“ O Jehovah,... you are our Potter, and we are all the work of your hand. ” — ISAIAH 64 : 8.
SONGS : 89, 26
HOW DO WE BENEFIT WHEN WE UNDERSTAND...
how Jehovah selects those whom he will make?
Why does Jehovah create his people?
how God forms those who obey him?
1.
Why is Jehovah the chief Potter?
IN November 2010, an old earthenware vase from China was sold for $ 70 million in England.
It is remarkable that the potter succeeded in picking up ordinary, inexpensive clay and making it a luxury and a priceless commodity.
Jehovah is the unique Potter.
The Bible says that Jehovah created man “ out of dust from the ground, ” that is, out of clay.
( Genesis 2 : 7 ) That person, Adam, was “ a son of God ” and was created with godlike qualities. — Luke 3 : 38.
2, 3.
How can we imitate the repentant Israelites?
2 After rebelling against his Creator, Adam lost the privilege of being a son of God.
And many of his descendants chose Jehovah as their Ruler.
( Hebrews 12 : 1 ) By obeying Jehovah, they showed that they wanted him to be their Father and Potter.
( John 8 : 44 ) Their faithfulness reminds us of what repentant Israelites said : “ O Jehovah, you are our Father.
We are the clay, and you are our Potter ; and all of us are the work of your hand. ” — Isaiah 64 : 8.
3 Today, true worshippers of Jehovah strive to be humble and obedient to him.
They view it as a privilege to address Jehovah as their Father and to seek him as their Potter.
Are we determined to be the clay that God can mold into a precious vessel?
Do we view our brothers and sisters as vessels that God still molds?
To help us do that, we will learn how Jehovah selects those whom he will make, why he forms them, and how he forms them.
JEHOVAH ’ S CHOICE OF PEOPLE
4.
How does Jehovah select those whom he wants to mold?
Give examples.
4 Jehovah does not view people as we do.
He examines the heart and sees what we really are.
( Read 1 Samuel 16 : 7b. )
Jehovah demonstrated this when he established the Christian congregation.
He drew people who were considered worthless and brought them to himself and to his Son.
( John 6 : 44 ) For example, one such person was a Pharisee named Saul who was “ a blasphemer and a persecutor and an insolent man. ” ( 1 Timothy 1 : 13 ) However, Jehovah examined Saul ’ s heart and saw that Saul was not a worthless clay.
( Proverbs 17 : 3 ) Rather, he could be molded into “ a chosen vessel ” to preach “ to the nations as well as to kings and the sons of Israel. ”
( Acts 9 : 15 ) Jehovah also chose former drunkards, who were immoral, and thieves to mold them into cloths for “ an honorable use. ”
( Romans 9 : 21 ; 1 Corinthians 6 : 9-11 ) As they studied the Bible, their faith in Jehovah became stronger and they allowed Jehovah to mold them.
We should not judge those in our territory or in our congregation
5, 6.
How will our trust in Jehovah as the Potter affect our view of ( a ) the people we meet in the ministry? ( b ) our brothers and sisters?
5 We know that Jehovah has the ability to select those whom he wants to approach.
For example, we should not think that someone would never become one of Jehovah ’ s Witnesses.
Consider how a man named Michael reacted to the visit of Jehovah ’ s Witnesses.
“ I ignored them, ” she says, “ as if they were not in front of me.
I was so rude!
Later, I came in contact with a family whose conduct I admired.
But one day I was shocked to learn that they were Jehovah ’ s Witnesses!
Their attitude made me wonder why I didn ’ t like them.
I soon realized that I knew nothing, following the rumor rather than the truth. ”
Michael wanted to know more, and he accepted a Bible study.
Later he was baptized and took up the full-time ministry.
6 When we realize that Jehovah is our Potter, we will change our attitude toward our brothers.
We will see that God is still creating them.
He sees what they really are, and he knows that their imperfections are only temporary.
He also knows what kind of clay they will turn out to be.
( Psalm 130 : 3 ) We will be able to imitate Jehovah if we share his view of people.
We can also cooperate with the Potter to help our brothers and sisters to make progress.
( 1 Thessalonians 5 : 14, 15 ) Elders should set a good example in this regard. — Ephesians 4 : 8, 11-13.
WHY DOES JEHOVAH Create US?
7.
Why do you appreciate Jehovah ’ s training?
7 Some people may say : ‘ I didn ’ t fully appreciate my parents ’ training until I myself became a parent. ’
As we grow older, we come to appreciate training or discipline because it gives us insight into being loved.
( Read Hebrews 12 : 5, 6, 11. )
The truth is, we are Jehovah ’ s children, and he loves us, so he is patient with us when he trains and molds us.
He wants us to be wise, to rejoice, and to love him as our Father.
( Proverbs 23 : 15 ) He does not want us to suffer, nor does he want us to die as sinners who refuse to repent. — Ephesians 2 : 2, 3.
We are Jehovah ’ s children and he loves us, so he is patient with us when he trains and molds us
8, 9.
How does Jehovah teach us today, and how will this teaching continue in the future?
8 Before learning about Jehovah, we probably had many undesirable qualities.
Yet, Jehovah created and helped us to change, and that has given us some beautiful qualities.
( Isaiah 11 : 6-8 ; Colossians 3 : 9, 10 ) We live in a spiritual paradise.
This Paradise is the unique environment that Jehovah has set up in our time to create us.
When we are in it, we feel secure even when the people around us are wicked.
People raised in unloving families now feel loved by fellow Christians in the spiritual paradise.
( John 13 : 35 ) We have learned to love others.
Above all, we know Jehovah and feel his love for us. — James 4 : 8.
9 In the new world, the spiritual paradise will benefit us fully.
We will enjoy life in a literal paradise under God ’ s Kingdom.
At that time, Jehovah will continue to mold and teach us much more.
( Isaiah 11 : 9 ) Jehovah will also bring our minds and bodies to perfection.
This will make it easier to grasp and obey his commands fully.
So let us continue to let Jehovah mold us and show him that we appreciate his love for us. — Proverbs 3 : 11, 12.
HOW JEHOVAH CREATES US
10.
How did Jesus show that he was following the patience and skill of the Great Potter?
10 Just as an expert clay worker knows the type of clay he works with, so Jehovah knows us well.
He knows our weaknesses, our limitations, our progress, and he takes into consideration these things when he molds us.
( Read Psalm 103 : 10-14. )
We can see this from Jesus ’ reaction to the imperfections of his apostles.
At times, the apostles argued over who was the greatest among them.
If you were then present, how would you feel about those apostles?
You might have thought that they were not like molding clay.
Yet, Jesus knew that they could be molded clay if they listened to his loving counsel and patiently followed his example of humility.
( Mark 9 : 33-37 ; 10 : 37, 41-45 ; Luke 22 : 24-27 ) After Jesus ’ resurrection, the apostles received holy spirit and no longer worried about who was the greatest among them.
Instead, they focused on the work Jesus gave them. — Acts 5 : 42.
11.
In what ways did David reflect clay formation, and how can we imitate his example?
11 Jehovah now molds us through the Bible, the holy spirit, and his organization.
How can the Bible mold us?
We need to read it, meditate on what we read, and ask Jehovah to help us to do what we learn.
King David wrote : “ When I remember you in my bed, I meditate on you in the watches of the night. ”
( Psalm 63 : 6 ) He also said : “ I shall laud Jehovah, who has given me advice.
Indeed, in the nights my kidneys have corrected me. ”
( Psalm 16 : 7 ) David meditated on Jehovah ’ s counsel and allowed it to mold his innermost thoughts and feelings even though it was hard to accept.
( 2 Samuel 12 : 1-13 ) David set a fine example of humility and submission.
So ask yourself : ‘ When I read the Bible, do I meditate on it and allow Jehovah ’ s counsel to affect my innermost thoughts and feelings?
Do I need to make improvement in this regard? ’ — Psalm 1 : 2, 3.
12, 13.
How does Jehovah mold us by means of his holy spirit and organization?
12 The holy spirit can mold us in various ways.
For example, he is able to help us imitate Jesus ’ qualities and reflect different aspects of the fruitage of the spirit.
( Galatians 5 : 22, 23 ) One such element is love.
We love God and want to obey him and be molded by him because we know that his standards are of great benefit to us.
Holy spirit can also empower us to avoid being fashioned after the people of this corrupt world.
( Ephesians 2 : 2 ) As a youth, the apostle Paul was influenced by proud Jewish religious leaders.
But holy spirit helped him to change.
He later wrote : “ For all things I have the strength by virtue of him who imparts power to me. ”
( Philippians 4 : 13 ) We too should ask for holy spirit, confident that Jehovah will answer our heartfelt prayers. — Psalm 10 : 17.
Jehovah molds us through the elders, and we should heed their counsel ( See paragraphs 12, 13 )
13 Jehovah also uses the elders and the congregation to mold each one of us.
For example, when elders notice a weakness, they try to help you.
However, they do not offer advice that they feel is appropriate.
( Galatians 6 : 1 ) Rather, they humbly pray to Jehovah for wisdom and discernment.
Then they search the Bible and Bible-based publications for helpful information.
When the elders come to you and offer advice, in your manner of dress, remember that their counsel is evidence of God ’ s love for you.
If you apply that counsel, you will be like clay that Jehovah can mold, and you will benefit greatly.
14.
Although the Potter has authority over the clay, how does Jehovah show respect for our free will?
14 Understanding Jehovah ’ s molding will help us to have a good relationship with our brothers and sisters.
We will also have a positive view of those we meet in the ministry as well as of those with whom we study.
In Bible times, the potter first cleaned the clay and removed stones and other materials from it before using it.
Jehovah, the Great Potter, helps those who want to change.
Rather than force them to change, he shows them his righteous standards.
But then they decide for themselves whether they will make the needed changes.
15, 16.
How do our Bible students show that they want Jehovah to mold them?
Give an example.
15 Consider the experience of Tessie, an Australian sister.
It was easy for her to learn from the Bible.
However, he did not make changes in his life and attend meetings.
The sister with whom she studied prayed to Jehovah and decided to stop her study.
But something remarkable happened.
During the study, Tessie told the sister why she had not progressed.
He said that he viewed himself as a hypocrite because he liked to gamble.
But now he has stopped gambling.
16 Soon Tessie began attending meetings and displayed fine qualities even though former friends laughed at her.
In time, Tessie was baptized, becoming a regular pioneer even though she had small children.
Clearly, when our Bible students begin to make changes, God is pleased and draws close to them and molds them into precious vessels.
17. ( a ) What impresses you about Jehovah as your Potter? ( b ) What aspects of creation will we consider in the next article?
17 There are still people who use their hands to mold clay into beautiful vessels.
Similarly, Jehovah is patient and molds us by his counsel and by observing carefully how we will react.
( Read Psalm 32 : 8. )
Can you see that Jehovah cares about you?
Do you see how careful he is when he molds you?
If so, what qualities will help you to become Jehovah ’ s creative clay?
What traits must you avoid in order to avoid becoming a hard clay that Jehovah cannot create?
And how can parents cooperate with Jehovah to mold their children?
The following article will address these questions.
SOME EXPRESSIONS EXPLAINED
Jehovah molds us through the Bible, his holy spirit, and his organization.
It helps us to change for the better
Do You Let the Great Potter Mold You?
“ Look!
Just as clay in the hand of a potter, so you are in my hand. ” — JEREMIAH 18 : 6.
SONGS : 60, 22
CAN YOU EXPLAIN?
What traits can lead us to reject Jehovah ’ s counsel?
What qualities can help us to be the clay that God can mold?
How can Christian parents show that Jehovah is their Potter?
1, 2.
Why did God view Daniel as “ a very desirable man, ” and how can we be as submissive as Daniel was?
WHEN the Jews were in Babylon, they lived in a city filled with idols and worshipers of wicked spirits.
However, faithful Jews, such as Daniel and his three companions, did not allow themselves to be molded by the people of Babylon.
( Daniel 1 : 6, 8, 12 ; 3 : 16-18 ) Daniel and his companions viewed Jehovah as their Potter and continued to worship only him.
Although Daniel lived a long time with unrighteous people, God ’ s angel described Daniel as “ a very desirable man. ” — Daniel 10 : 11, 19.
2 In Bible times, the potter molded it in whatever form he wanted.
Likewise today, true worshippers know that Jehovah is the Ruler of the universe and that he has the authority to create nations.
( Read Jeremiah 18 : 6. )
God also has the authority to create each one of us.
Yet, Jehovah does not force anyone to change.
Rather, he wants to be the one who allows him to mold us.
In this article, we will learn how we can become God ’ s creative clay.
We will consider three questions : ( 1 ) How can we avoid developing habits that could make us hard clay and reject God ’ s counsel? ( 2 ) How can we develop qualities that help us to remain obedient to God and to be moldable in clay? ( 3 ) How can Christian parents cooperate with God in creating their children?
Avoid Habits THAT CAN ENCOURAGE YOUR HEART
3.
What traits can harden our heart?
Give an example.
3 “ More than all else that is to be guarded, safeguard your heart, ” says Proverbs 4 : 23, “ for out of it are the sources of life. ”
To keep our hearts simple, we must avoid such traits as pride, sinfulness, and lack of faith.
If we are not careful, these attitudes can cause us to disobey God and rebel against him.
( Daniel 5 : 1, 20 ; Hebrews 3 : 13, 18, 19 ) That was the case with King Uzziah of Judah.
( Read 2 Chronicles 26 : 3-5, 16-21. )
Originally, God gave Uzziah power because Uzziah was humble and had a good relationship with God.
However, “ as soon as he became strong, his heart became haughty. ”
He was so proud that he tried to burn incense at the temple, even though the work was to be done only by the priests.
When the priests told Uzziah that what he was doing was wrong, he became angry!
Jehovah punished that proud king, and he remained a leper until his death. — Proverbs 16 : 18.
4, 5.
What can happen if we are proud?
Give an example.
4 When we get puffed up with pride, we may begin to think that we are better than others and end up rejecting the Bible ’ s counsel they offer.
( Proverbs 29 : 1 ; Romans 12 : 3 ) That happened to an elder named Jim.
He disagreed with the other elders on a matter.
“ I told the brothers that they didn ’ t have love, ” says Jim, “ and I left before the meeting was over. ”
After six months, he moved to another congregation and was never again appointed an elder.
Jim was disappointed.
Confident that he had done nothing wrong, he stopped serving Jehovah for ten years.
He said that he was proud and that he began to blame Jehovah for what had happened.
For years the brothers visited him in an effort to help him, but Jim did not want to hear anything.
5 “ I concentrated on what I thought they were wrong, ” says Jim.
His example helps us to see that pride can lead us to justify our bad conduct.
When that happens, we are no longer the clay that God can create.
( Jeremiah 17 : 9 ) Have you ever been offended by a brother or a sister?
Have you ever felt the pain of losing a certain privilege?
How did you react?
Have you been proud of yourself, or have you come to realize that it is the most important thing to live peaceably with fellow Christians and to remain loyal to Jehovah? — Read Psalm 119 : 165 ; Colossians 3 : 13.
6.
What can happen if we continue to practice sin?
6 If a person continues to practice sin and hides what he is doing, he may find it difficult to accept God ’ s counsel.
As a result, he becomes accustomed to sin.
One brother says that as time passed, his bad conduct no longer bothered him at all.
( Ecclesiastes 8 : 11 ) “ I found myself being critical of the elders, ” says a brother who at one time watched pornography.
As a result, his relationship with Jehovah was damaged.
When his sin became obvious, the elders helped him.
Of course, all of us sin.
But when someone gives us counsel and we find fault with him or make excuses and refuse to seek God ’ s forgiveness and help, our heart may become hardened.
Fortified their hearts and their lack of faith, the Israelites died in the wilderness
7, 8. ( a ) How did Israel ’ s experience illustrate the sad consequences of a lack of faith? ( b ) What do we learn from their example?
7 When Jehovah delivered the Israelites from Egypt, they witnessed many of his miracles.
As they approached the Promised Land, however, their hearts became hard.
Why?
They lacked faith.
Instead of trusting in Jehovah, they feared and murmured against Moses.
They even wanted to return to Egypt, where they had been slaves!
Jehovah was so distressed that he said : “ How long will these people treat me disrespectfully? ”
( Numbers 14 : 1-4, 11 ; Psalm 78 : 40, 41 ) Those Israelites died in the wilderness because they fortified their hearts and lacked faith.
8 We are on the threshold of a new world, and our faith is under trial.
Hence, we need to examine ourselves to see how strong our faith is.
How can we be sure that it is strong enough?
We can do so by considering Jesus ’ words recorded at Matthew 6 : 33.
Ask yourself : “ Do my goals and decisions show that I believe Jesus ’ words?
Would I need to attend meetings or engage in the ministry because I want to have more money?
What will I do if my job requires more time?
Will I be molded by this world, allowing it to separate me from Jehovah?
9.
Why should we keep testing whether we are “ in the faith, ” and how can we do so?
9 If we do not follow the Bible ’ s counsel about bad associations, disfellowshippings, or unwholesome entertainment, our hearts may become hardened.
What should you do if this happens to you?
You need to examine your faith quickly!
The Bible says : “ Keep testing whether you are in the faith, keep proving what you your are. ” ( 2 Corinthians 13 : 5 ) If you sense that there is a need for improvement, regularly use God ’ s Word to correct your thinking.
KEEP ON BEING A POWER THAT GOD CREATES
10.
What can help us to become Jehovah ’ s creative clay?
10 God has given us his Word, his organization, and the ministry to help us to remain a molded clay.
If we read the Bible daily and meditate on what we read, we will become the clay that Jehovah can mold.
Jehovah commanded the kings of Israel to write for themselves the book of the Law and read it daily.
( Deuteronomy 17 : 18, 19 ) The apostles knew that reading and meditating on the Scriptures was very important in their ministry.
They repeatedly used portions of the Hebrew Scriptures in their writings, and when preaching to people, they encouraged them to use the Scriptures themselves.
( Acts 17 : 11 ) We too see the need to read God ’ s Word daily and to meditate on what we read.
( 1 Timothy 4 : 15 ) If we do, we will be humble and become the clay Jehovah can mold.
Use Jehovah ’ s provisions to help you become his molding clay ( See paragraphs 10-13 )
11, 12.
How does Jehovah use his organization to mold us according to our individual needs?
Give an example.
11 Jehovah knows our individual needs, and he uses his organization to mold us.
Jim, mentioned earlier, began to change when an elder expressed his concern for him.
“ He never made me feel guilty or criticized me, ” says Jim.
Instead, she used to say positive things and showed me that she wanted to help me. ”
Three months later, the elder invited Jim to the meetings.
Jim says that the congregation welcomed him well, and their love helped him to change his way of thinking.
He began to realize that his feelings were not very important.
The elders in the same congregation as Jim and his wife encouraged him and gradually began serving Jehovah.
Also helpful to Jim were the articles “ Jehovah Should Not Be Blamed, ” and “ Serve Jehovah Loyally, ” published in The Watchtower of November 15, 1992.
12 In time, Jim again became an elder.
Since then, he has helped other brothers who have a similar problem and has strengthened their faith.
Suppose he thought that he was very close to Jehovah and realized that he was not!
He regrets letting pride cause him to focus on the faults of others rather than on the more important things. — 1 Corinthians 10 : 12.
When we follow Christ ’ s example, people are interested in our message and may change their attitude toward us
13.
What qualities does the field ministry help us to develop, and with what results?
13 Jehovah uses the field ministry to mold us and help us to become better people.
How so?
When preaching the good news, we need to display such qualities as humility as well as various aspects of the fruitage of God ’ s spirit.
( Galatians 5 : 22, 23 ) Think of the fine qualities that the field ministry has helped you to cultivate.
When we follow Christ ’ s example, people are interested in our message and may change their attitude toward us.
For example, two Australian Witnesses tried to witness to a woman at her house, but the woman was very angry and green.
However, the Witnesses listened respectfully.
Later, the woman regretted her conduct and wrote to the branch office.
He apologized.
He said : “ I am so stupid to have chased out two men who were carrying out God ’ s Word. ”
These experiences teach us the importance of mildness in our ministry.
The fact is, our ministry helps others and helps us to improve our personality.
WORK WITH GOD IN Creating YOUR CHILDREN
14.
What should parents do if they want to succeed in molding their children?
14 Many children are humble and want to learn new things.
( Matthew 18 : 1-4 ) It is important, therefore, that parents help their children to learn Bible truths and to love them at an early age.
( 2 Timothy 3 : 14, 15 ) To do so, parents must love that truth for themselves and apply it in their lives.
When parents do, it is easier for their children to develop a love for the truth.
Moreover, children will realize that when their parents discipline them, it shows that they love them and that Jehovah loves them too.
15, 16.
How can parents show that they trust in God when their child is disfellowshipped?
15 Even when parents teach the children the truth, some of these children leave Jehovah or are disfellowshipped.
When that happens, the family is devastated.
“ When my brother was disfellowshipped, it was as if he had died, ” says a sister in South Africa.
It was devastating! ”
And what did he and his parents do?
They followed the Bible ’ s advice.
( Read 1 Corinthians 5 : 11, 13. )
The parents knew that heeding God ’ s counsel would benefit the entire family.
But they knew that disfellowshipping is an expression of Jehovah ’ s love.
So they contacted their son only if there was a family matter that required that they do so.
16 How did their son feel?
He later said : “ I knew that my family did not hate me, but they obeyed Jehovah and his organization. ”
He added : “ When you are forced to ask Jehovah for help and forgiveness, you realize that you need him very much. ”
Imagine how the family felt when the young man returned to Jehovah!
We will be happy and successful as long as we obey God at all times. — Proverbs 3 : 5, 6 ; 28 : 26.
If we are humble and obedient to Jehovah at all times, we will be precious to him
17.
Why should we always obey Jehovah, and how will doing so benefit us?
17 The prophet Isaiah foretold that the Jews in Babylon would repent and say : “ O Jehovah, you are our Father.
We are the clay, and you are our Potter ; and all of us are the work of your hand. ”
They also pleaded with Jehovah : “ Do not remember our error forever.
Now, look, please : we are all your people. ”
( Isaiah 64 : 8, 9 ) When we humble ourselves and obey Jehovah at all times, we, like Daniel, become precious to him.
Jehovah will continue to mold us through his Word, spirit, and organization so that we may in the future become perfect “ children of God. ” — Romans 8 : 21.
SOME EXPRESSIONS EXPLAINED
Our hearts become hardened when we allow bad habits, such as pride, to cause us to reject counsel and direction from Jehovah and his organization
The man with the secretary ’ s inkhorn represents Jesus Christ.
He is the One who marks the survivors
Questions From Readers
In Ezekiel ’ s vision, whom do the man with the secretary ’ s inkhorn and the six men with weapons of smashing represent?
They represent the heavenly armies that were involved in the destruction of Jerusalem and will share in the destruction of Satan ’ s world at the war of Armageddon.
This is a new understanding of this verse.
Why was improvement needed?
Prior to 607 B.C.E., Jehovah gave Ezekiel a vision of what would happen in Jerusalem before its destruction.
In that vision, Ezekiel saw many detestable things happening there.
Then he saw six men each carrying “ his own weapon of smashing. ”
Then there was another man, “ clothed in linen, ” with “ the secretary ’ s inkhorn. ”
( Ezekiel 8 : 6-12 ; 9 : 2, 3 ) The man was instructed to enter the city and “ put a seal upon the foreheads of those sighing and groaning over all the detestable things that are being done in the midst of it. ”
Then, six armed men were ordered to kill anyone in the city who did not have the mark.
( Ezekiel 9 : 4-7 ) What can we learn from that vision, and who is the man with the secretary ’ s inkhorn?
Ezekiel received this vision in 612 B.C.E. That prophecy was first fulfilled five years later when Jehovah allowed the Babylonian armies to destroy Jerusalem.
Jehovah used the Babylonians to punish his disobedient people.
( Jeremiah 25 : 9, 15-18 ) But what happened to the good Jews who did not agree with the bad things that were happening in that city?
Jehovah made sure that they were safe.
In that vision, Ezekiel did not mark any man or share in the destruction of the city of Jerusalem.
Instead, angels directed the destruction of Jerusalem.
Thus, this prophecy gives us an opportunity to observe what is taking place in heaven.
Jehovah commissioned the angels to organize the destruction of the wicked and to ensure the survival of the righteous. *
This prophecy will be fulfilled again in the future.
Our publications said that the man with the secretary ’ s inkhorn represents the anointed still on earth.
They also said that those who listen and accept the good news we preach are marked for survival.
Recently, it has been necessary to adjust our interpretation of this prophecy.
We learned from Matthew 25 : 31-33 that Jesus is the one who judges people.
He will do so in the future during the great tribulation.
At that time, those who are judged as sheep will survive, and those who are judged as goats will suffer destruction.
What, then, can we learn from Ezekiel ’ s vision?
We can learn five lessons :
Before the destruction of Jerusalem, Ezekiel, Jeremiah, and Isaiah warned of what would happen to that city.
They too were guards.
Similarly today, Jehovah uses the small group of anointed ones to teach his people and to warn people before the great tribulation begins.
In fact, all of Jehovah ’ s people, that is, the domestics of Christ, are involved in this warning work. — Matthew 24 : 45-47.
Ezekiel was not marking the survivors.
But today, God ’ s people do not.
Their mission is to preach and warn people of the future.
Angels are involved in this global preaching work. — Revelation 14 : 6.
Those who survived Ezekiel ’ s time had no literal mark on their foreheads.
Likewise today, survivors will not have a literal mark.
What must people do to survive the great tribulation?
When they heed the warning, they must learn to imitate Christ, dedicate themselves to God, and support Christ ’ s brothers in preaching the good news.
( Matthew 25 : 35-40 ) During the great tribulation, they will be given a sign, that is, they will survive.
The man with the inkhorn represents Jesus.
During the great tribulation, Jesus will identify the great crowd when judging them as sheep.
Then they will have the opportunity to live forever on earth. — Matthew 25 : 34, 46. *
Today, the six men with weapons of crushing represent the heavenly armies under Jesus.
Soon, they will destroy the nations and remove all wickedness. — Ezekiel 10 : 2, 6, 7 ; Revelation 19 : 11-21.
This vision helps us to know that Jehovah will not destroy both the righteous and the unrighteous.
( 2 Peter 2 : 9 ; 3 : 9 ) It also reminds us that the preaching work being done in modern times is of utmost importance.
Everyone needs a warning before the end comes! — Matthew 24 : 14.
Survivors, such as Baruch ( Jeremiah ’ s secretary ), Ebed-melech the Ethiopian, and Baruch, had no real mark on their foreheads.
( Jeremiah 35 : 1-19 ; 39 : 15-18 ; 45 : 1-5 ) That symbolic sign meant survival.
Faithful anointed ones will not need to have this mark for survival.
Rather, they will receive their final sealing before they die or before the great tribulation begins. — Revelation 7 : 1, 3.
“ Jehovah Our God Is One Jehovah ”
“ Listen, O Israel : Jehovah our God is one Jehovah. ” — DEUTERONOMY 6 : 4.
SONGS : 138, 112
CAN YOU EXPLAIN?
In what sense is Jehovah our God “ one Jehovah ”?
How can we show that we worship Jehovah as “ one Jehovah ”?
What can we do to promote peace and unity?
1, 2. ( a ) Why are the words at Deuteronomy 6 : 4 so well-known? ( b ) Why did Moses make such a statement?
FOR centuries the Jews have used the words of Deuteronomy 6 : 4 in their special prayer.
This prayer is called Shema, the first word of that verse in Hebrew.
Many Jews pray this prayer in the morning and in the evening to express their devotion to God.
2 Those words are part of the final talk that Moses gave to the nation of Israel.
In the year 1473 B.C.E., the nation was in the land of Moab, preparing to cross the Jordan River to conquer the Promised Land.
( Deuteronomy 6 : 1 ) Moses had led these people for 40 years and wanted them to be courageous in order to meet the challenges ahead.
They had to trust in their God, Jehovah, and be loyal to him.
Thus, Moses ’ final words encouraged them to do so.
After mentioning the Ten Commandments and Jehovah ’ s other laws, Moses reminded the nation of an important detail found at Deuteronomy 6 : 4, 5. ( Read. )
3.
What questions will we consider in this article?
3 The Israelites knew that Jehovah their God is “ one Jehovah. ”
The faithful Israelites worshipped but one God, the God of their forefathers.
Why, then, did Moses remind them that Jehovah their God is “ one Jehovah ”?
How do those words relate to the fact that we must love God with our whole heart, soul, and strength?
And how do the words at Deuteronomy 6 : 4, 5 apply to us?
OUR GOD IS “ ONE JEHOVAH ”
4, 5. ( a ) What is meant by the expression “ one Jehovah ”? ( b ) How is Jehovah different from the gods of other nations?
4 You Are Outstanding.
The expression “ one Jehovah ” means that Jehovah is unique, meaning that he is unique and unique.
Why did Moses use those words?
Evidently, he was not referring to the Trinity doctrine.
Jehovah is the Creator of heaven and earth and the Sovereign of the universe.
He is the only true God, and there is no other god like him.
( 2 Samuel 7 : 22 ) Thus, Moses ’ words reminded the Israelites that they must worship only Jehovah.
They were not to imitate their contemporaries who worshiped false gods and goddesses.
Those people believed that their gods controlled certain natural forces.
5 For example, the Egyptians worshiped the sun-god Ra, the goddess of the sky Nut, the goddess of the earth Geb, the Nile god Hapi, and countless other animals.
Jehovah demonstrated his power beyond those false gods when he brought the Ten Plagues.
The Canaanites worshipped the false god Baal, whom they believed to be the source of life.
They also believed in him as the god of the sky, the rain, and the storm.
People from all walks of life looked to Baal for protection.
( Numbers 25 : 3 ) The Israelites were to remember that their God, “ the God of truth, ” is unique, “ one Jehovah. ” — Deuteronomy 4 : 35, 39.
Jehovah is not an unfaithful God.
He is always honest, consistent, and truthful
6, 7.
What is another meaning of the word “ one, ” and how has Jehovah shown that he is “ one ”?
6 Unchangeable and Honest.
The expression “ one Jehovah ” also means that his purposes and actions are unchangeable.
Jehovah is not an unfaithful God.
He is always honest, consistent, and truthful.
For example, he promised Abraham that his descendants would live in the Promised Land.
But Jehovah performed many miracles in order to fulfill that promise.
Jehovah ’ s purpose had not changed even though four hundred and thirty years had passed since he made that promise. — Genesis 12 : 1, 2, 7 ; Exodus 12 : 40, 41.
7 Centuries later, Jehovah called the Israelites his witnesses and said to them : “ I am the same One.
Before me no God was made, and after me no one continued. ”
Jehovah also assured them that his promises would never change : “ I am the same One all the time. ”
( Isaiah 43 : 10, 13 ; 44 : 6 ; 48 : 12 ) What a privilege it was for the Israelites to serve an unchangeable and faithful God at all times!
We have a similar privilege. — Malachi 3 : 6 ; James 1 : 17.
8, 9. ( a ) What does Jehovah expect of his worshippers? ( b ) How did Jesus emphasize the importance of Moses ’ words?
8 Moses reminded the Israelites that Jehovah ’ s love and care for them would never change.
Jehovah expected them to be fully devoted to him and to love him with all their heart, soul, and strength.
Parents were to take advantage of every opportunity to teach their children about Jehovah so that they too could worship only Jehovah. — Deuteronomy 6 : 6-9.
9 Jehovah never changes his purpose, so he will never change his expectations of his true worshippers.
If we want our worship to be acceptable to Jehovah, we must give him exclusive devotion and love him with all our heart, mind, and strength.
Jesus said that this is the most important commandment of all.
( Read Mark 12 : 28-31. )
Let us see how we can show by our actions that we believe that “ Jehovah our God is one Jehovah. ”
MAKE A FULL DONATION TO JEHOVAH
10, 11. ( a ) What does it mean to be fully devoted to Jehovah? ( b ) How did young Hebrews in Babylon demonstrate their exclusive devotion to Jehovah?
10 Jehovah is the only God we worship.
By doing so, we show that we are fully devoted to him.
We cannot worship other gods or incorporate false ideas and rituals into our worship of him.
It is not that only God is superior to other gods or that he is more powerful than any other god.
He is the true God.
We must worship only Jehovah. — Read Revelation 4 : 11.
11 In the Bible book of Daniel, we learn about young Hebrew men Daniel, Hananiah, Mishael, and Azariah.
They demonstrated their exclusive devotion to Jehovah when they refused to eat food that was forbidden to Jehovah ’ s worshippers.
But Daniel ’ s three companions refused to worship the golden image of Nebuchadnezzar.
They obeyed Jehovah and were completely loyal to him. — Daniel 2 : 1 – 3 : 30.
Jehovah should come first in our lives
12.
If we want to make a complete dedication to Jehovah, what must we avoid?
12 Jehovah must come first in our lives.
If we want to give him exclusive devotion, we must make sure that nothing comes ahead of him.
What can they be?
In the Ten Commandments, Jehovah told his people not to worship other gods.
They were not to worship idols in any form.
( Deuteronomy 5 : 6-10 ) Today, there are various forms of idolatry, some of which are not easily recognized.
Jehovah ’ s standards have not changed, and Jehovah is still “ one Jehovah. ”
Let us see how we can avoid idolatry.
13.
What may we come to love more than we love Jehovah?
13 Colossians 3 : 5 ( read ), discussing matters that could jeopardize our special relationship with Jehovah.
It brings to our attention the connection between greed and idolatry.
How?
If we have a strong desire for something, such as money or luxury, that desire can dominate our life, becoming like a powerful god.
All sins mentioned at Colossians 3 : 5 have to do with greed, a form of idolatry.
So if we desire these things, we may come to love them more than we love God.
If that happened, we would show that Jehovah is not “ one Jehovah. ”
We do not want that to happen to us.
14.
What warning did the apostle John give about loving God?
14 The apostle John emphasized something similar.
He warned that love for the things of this world, namely, “ the desire of the flesh and the desire of the eyes and the showy display of one ’ s means of life, ” means that “ the love of the Father is not in him. ” ( 1 John 2 : 15, 16 ) Therefore, we need to examine ourselves regularly to see whether we love this world.
We may find that we are becoming interested in the entertainment, the people, the dress and grooming of this world.
Or we may be pursuing “ great things, ” such as higher education.
( Jeremiah 45 : 4, 5 ) The new world is very near.
So we need to keep in mind Moses ’ powerful words!
If we understand and firmly believe that “ Jehovah our God is one Jehovah, ” we will be fully devoted to him and serve him as he pleases. — Hebrews 12 : 28, 29.
PROMOTE UNITY
15.
Why did Paul remind Christians that God is “ one Jehovah ”?
15 The expression “ one Jehovah ” helps us to understand that Jehovah wants his servants to be united and serve him with one purpose in mind.
The first-century Christian congregation consisted of Jews, Greeks, Romans, and people of other nationalities.
They had different backgrounds, customs, and tastes.
That made it difficult for some of them to accept a new way of worshiping God or to give up their past actions.
So Paul needed to remind them that Christians worship only one God, Jehovah. — Read 1 Corinthians 8 : 5, 6.
Jehovah wants his servants to be united and serve him for one purpose
16, 17. ( a ) What prophecy is being fulfilled in our time, and with what result? ( b ) What may threaten our unity?
16 What, though, about the Christian congregation of our day?
The prophet Isaiah said that “ in the final part of the days, ” people of all nations will come together to worship Jehovah.
They will say : “ He will instruct us about his ways. ”
( Isaiah 2 : 2, 3 ) We are thrilled to see this prophecy being fulfilled today.
Our brothers and sisters come from many different places, speak different languages, and have different customs.
But we worship Jehovah unitedly.
However, because of differences, there may be challenges at times.
Are you working hard to preserve the unity of the congregation?
( See paragraphs 16-19 )
17 For example, how do you feel about brothers and sisters from different races?
They may differ from you in language, clothing, habits, and food.
Do you ignore them and spend time with people who share your tastes?
How do you feel about elders of different ages or cultures?
If we are not careful, these things can affect and disrupt our unity.
18, 19. ( a ) What counsel is found at Ephesians 4 : 1-3? ( b ) What can we do to promote unity in the congregation?
18 How can we avoid such challenges?
Paul counseled Christians in Ephesus, a prosperous city of diverse backgrounds.
( Read Ephesians 4 : 1-3. )
Paul mentioned such qualities as humility, mildness, patience, and love.
These qualities are like strong columns that support a house.
But keeping the house in good condition requires hard work.
Paul wanted the Ephesian Christians to work hard to “ observe the oneness of the spirit. ”
19 All of us should strive to promote unity in the congregation.
How can we do that?
First, we need to reflect the qualities that Paul mentioned, such as humility, mildness, patience, and love.
Second, we should strive to promote “ the uniting bond of peace. ”
Misunderstandings can disrupt our unity, so we need to work hard to resolve any conflict in order to live in peace and harmony with one another.
20.
How can we show that we understand that “ Jehovah our God is one Jehovah ”?
20 “ Jehovah our God is one Jehovah. ”
What a powerful expression!
Those words gave the Israelites the strength to endure hardships when they entered and conquered the Promised Land.
Those words can also give us the strength to survive the great tribulation and to share in the Paradise earth.
May we continue to be fully devoted to Jehovah.
We must serve and love him with all our heart, mind, and strength, and we must work hard to live in peace and harmony with our brothers.
If we do so, Jesus will view us as sheep and will see the fulfillment of these words : “ Come, you who have been blessed by my Father, inherit the kingdom prepared for you from the founding of the world. ” — Matthew 25 : 34.
SOME EXPRESSIONS EXPLAINED
We dedicate ourselves exclusively to Jehovah by worshipping him and putting him first in our lives.
We love him with our whole heart, mind, and strength
Study Edition
JUNE 2016
STUDY ARTICLES FOR : AUGUST 1-28, 2016
© 2016 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania
COVER IMAGE :
TRINIDAD
There are many fishing villages along the coastline of Trinidad and Tobago.
Jehovah ’ s Witnesses often talk to the fishermen they meet
PUBLISHERS
9,679
BIBLE STUDIES
11,331
MEMORIAL ATTENDANCE ( 2015 )
24,103
This publication is not for sale.
It is provided as part of a worldwide Bible educational work supported by voluntary donations.
To make a donation, please visit www.jw.org.
Unless otherwise indicated, Scripture quotations are from the modern-language New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures.
Do Not Be Stumbled by the Mistakes of Others
“ Continue... forgiving one another freely. ” — COLOSSIANS 3 : 13.
SONGS : 121, 75
HOW WOULD YOU ANSWER?
Why is God ’ s organization so unique?
How does the Bible show that we are sinners?
How should we view our own mistakes and those of others?
1, 2.
How did the Bible foretell the growth of Jehovah ’ s people?
THROUGHOUT the world, there is a congregation of people who love Jehovah and want to serve him.
Those people are Jehovah ’ s Witnesses.
Despite their mistakes, Jehovah guides them by means of holy spirit.
Let us look at ways in which he has blessed them.
2 By 1914, there were few worshippers of Jehovah.
Yet, Jehovah has blessed the preaching work.
As a result, millions have come to learn the truth and become his Witnesses.
Jehovah described the increase when he said : “ The little one himself will become a thousand, and the small one a mighty nation.
I myself, Jehovah, shall speed it up in its own time. ”
( Isaiah 60 : 22 ) Today, we clearly see that this prophecy is being fulfilled.
Jehovah ’ s people are a great nation.
In fact, there are many nations around the world whose number is less than the number of Jehovah ’ s Witnesses.
3.
How have Jehovah ’ s servants shown love for one another?
3 In these last days, Jehovah has helped his people to love one another even more.
“ God is love, ” and they strive to imitate him.
( 1 John 4 : 8 ) Jesus commanded his followers to “ love one another. ”
He also told them : “ By this all will know that you are my disciples, if you have love among your. ”
( John 13 : 34, 35 ) Recently, Jehovah ’ s servants have shown love for one another even when other nations went to war.
During the second world war, for example, some 55 million people died.
But Jehovah ’ s people did not kill anyone in that war.
( Read Micah 4 : 1, 3. )
This has helped them to remain “ clean from the blood of all men. ” — Acts 20 : 26.
4.
Why is the growth of Jehovah ’ s people so remarkable?
4 Despite the powerful enemy Satan, God ’ s people are growing in number.
He is “ the god of this system of things. ” ( 2 Corinthians 4 : 4 ) Satan controls the political elements of this world, including the media, and he uses these elements in an effort to suppress the preaching of the good news.
But he cannot stop the work.
However, Satan knows that his time is short, and he has been trying to stop us from worshipping Jehovah. — Revelation 12 : 12.
WILL YOU BE LOYAL WHEN SOME MAKE MISTAKES?
5.
Why do others hurt us at times?
( See opening picture. )
5 God ’ s servants know that they must love God and their fellowman.
Jesus said : “ ‘ You must love Jehovah your God with your whole heart and with your whole soul and with your whole mind. ’
This is the greatest and first commandment.
The second, like it, is this, ‘ You must love your neighbor as yourself. ’ ”
( Matthew 22 : 35-39 ) However, the Bible shows that Adam ’ s sin spread to all mankind.
( Read Romans 5 : 12, 19. )
So at times some in the congregation may say or do something that upsets us.
What will we do when that happens?
Will we continue to love Jehovah even more?
Will we be loyal to him and his people?
The Bible contains examples of some of God ’ s servants who said or did things that hurt others.
Let us see what we can learn from their experience.
If you were living in Israel during the time of Eli and his sons, how would you react?
( See paragraph 6 )
6.
How did Eli fail to correct his sons?
6 For example, Eli was Israel ’ s high priest, and his sons did not obey Jehovah ’ s laws.
The Bible says : “ Eli ’ s sons were good-for-nothing men ; they did not honor Jehovah. ” ( 1 Samuel 2 : 12 ) Eli knew that his sons were doing bad things.
Yet, he was not correcting them.
Jehovah punished Eli and his sons.
But later, God did not allow Eli ’ s descendants to serve as high priests.
( 1 Samuel 3 : 10-14 ) If you had lived at Eli ’ s time and knew that he had allowed his sons to do bad things, would you be stumbled?
Would that weaken your faith in Jehovah and lead you to stop serving him?
7.
What serious sins did David commit, and what did God do?
7 David had excellent qualities, and Jehovah loved him so much.
( 1 Samuel 13 : 13, 14 ; Acts 13 : 22 ) And David did something wrong.
When Uriah went to war, David had sexual relations with Uriah ’ s wife, Bath-sheba, and the woman became pregnant.
David did not want people to know what he had done.
So he directed Uriah to come to him and tried to persuade him to go to his home.
David expected Uriah to have relations with Bath-sheba so that people would think that the child belonged to Uriah.
But Uriah did not go home.
David thus confirmed that Uriah was killed in battle.
David and his family suffered terrible consequences as a result of that gross sin.
( 2 Samuel 12 : 9-12 ) Yet, Jehovah showed mercy and forgave him.
He knew that David wanted to do what was right.
( 1 Kings 9 : 4 ) If you had lived back then, how would you feel about what David did?
Would you stop serving Jehovah?
8. ( a ) How did the apostle Peter fail to keep his word? ( b ) After Peter made a mistake, why did Jehovah continue to use him?
8 Another Bible example is that of the apostle Peter.
Jesus chose him as an apostle.
At times, though, Peter spoke and acted improperly.
For example, Peter said that he would not abandon Jesus even if others did.
( Mark 14 : 27-31, 50 ) But after Jesus ’ arrest, all the apostles fled, including Peter.
Thereafter, he denied Jesus three times.
( Mark 14 : 53, 54, 66-72 ) Yet, Peter was deeply hurt by what he had done.
Thus, Jehovah forgave him and continued to use him.
If you were one of the disciples at that time and knew what Peter had done, would you continue to trust in Jehovah?
We can be confident that Jehovah will always do what is right
9.
Why can you trust that Jehovah always does what is right?
9 These examples help us to see that some of Jehovah ’ s servants have done bad things and hurt others.
What will you do if someone hurt you?
Will you stop attending meetings or leaving Jehovah and his people?
Or will you notice that Jehovah is merciful and that he is waiting for that one to repent?
But there may be times when a person who has committed a serious sin does not regret what he has done.
Will you trust that Jehovah knows about it and that he will do something about it at the right time?
Jehovah may remove the individual from his organization if he sees the need.
Do you believe that Jehovah will always do what is right?
KEEP FAITHFUL
10.
What did Jesus understand about the mistakes of Judas Iscariot and Peter?
10 The Bible speaks of many who remained loyal to Jehovah and his people even though some committed serious sins.
Jesus is the greatest example of those who did so.
He spent the night praying to his Father for help in selecting the 12 apostles.
But later, one of them, Judas Iscariot, betrayed him.
The apostle Peter also denied Jesus.
( Luke 6 : 12-16 ; 22 : 2-6, 31, 32 ) Jesus did not blame Jehovah or other disciples when others disappointed him.
Instead, Jesus stayed close to his Father and served him faithfully.
Jehovah blessed him by resurrecting him from the dead and later making him King of the heavenly Kingdom. — Matthew 28 : 7, 18-20.
11.
What has the Bible foretold for Jehovah ’ s people in our time?
11 Jesus ’ example teaches us to be loyal to Jehovah and his people.
But we have every reason to do so.
We can see that Jehovah is guiding his servants in these last days.
He helps them to preach all over the world, and they are the only ones doing this work.
They enjoy all that Jehovah teaches them and are united.
Jehovah expressed it when he said : “ Look!
My own servants will cry out joyfully because of the good condition of the heart. ” — Isaiah 65 : 14.
It would be unwise and unwise for us to leave Jehovah and his people simply because someone has made a mistake
12.
How should we view the mistakes of others?
12 We are very happy because Jehovah guides us and helps us to do many good things.
People in Satan ’ s world are unhappy and have no hope for the future.
How unwise and unwise it would be to leave Jehovah and his people simply because someone in the congregation has done or said something wrong!
We must remain loyal to Jehovah and follow his direction.
We also need to learn how to view or react when others make mistakes.
HOW SHOULD YOU RESPOND?
13, 14. ( a ) Why must we put up with one another? ( b ) What promise do we want to keep in mind?
13 What should you do if a brother or a sister says or does something that upsets you?
The Bible admonishes us : “ Do not hurry yourself in your spirit to become offended, for the taking of offense is what rests in the bosom of the stupid ones. ”
( Ecclesiastes 7 : 9 ) All of us are sinners and make mistakes.
Hence, we cannot expect our brothers to say or do the right thing at all times.
But it would be wrong for us to dwell on their mistakes.
If we do, we may not find joy in serving Jehovah.
Worse still, our faith may weaken, and we may leave Jehovah ’ s organization.
When that happens, we cannot serve Jehovah or hope to live in his new world.
14 What, then, can help you to maintain your joy in Jehovah ’ s service even when others do something hurtful?
Keep in mind this comforting promise : “ Here I am creating new heavens and a new earth ; and the former things will not be called to mind, neither will they come up into the heart. ”
( Isaiah 65 : 17 ; 2 Peter 3 : 13 ) Jehovah will grant you these blessings as long as you remain faithful to him.
15.
What did Jesus say should we do if someone wronged us?
15 Actually, we have not yet entered the new world.
So when someone hurts us, we need to meditate on what Jehovah requires of us.
For example, Jesus said : “ If you forgive men their trespasses, your heavenly Father will also forgive you ; but if you do not forgive men their trespasses, neither will your Father forgive your trespasses. ”
But when Peter asked Jesus if we should forgive “ seven times, ” Jesus replied : “ I say to you, not, Up to seven times, but, Up to seventy-seven times. ”
Jesus taught us that we should be ready to forgive others. — Matthew 6 : 14, 15 ; 18 : 21, 22.
16.
What fine example did Joseph set for us?
16 Joseph ’ s example teaches us how to react to disappointments.
Joseph and his sister were the only children of Jacob and Rachel.
Jacob had ten other children, and he loved Joseph above all.
As a result, they became jealous of Joseph.
In fact, they hated him so much that they sold him into slavery in Egypt.
Years later, the king of Egypt made Joseph the second most powerful ruler in the land because he was pleased with Joseph ’ s fine work.
Later, a famine led Joseph ’ s brothers to go to Egypt to buy food.
When they saw Joseph, they did not know him, but he did.
Despite their wrongdoing, he did not punish them, but he tried to see if they had changed.
When Joseph realized that they had changed, he introduced himself and comforted them, saying : “ Do not be afraid.
I myself shall keep on providing you and your little children with food. ” — Genesis 50 : 21.
17.
What should you do if others have wronged you?
17 Remember that everyone makes mistakes, so there are also people whom you might offend.
If you notice that you have offended someone, follow the Bible ’ s advice.
Ask for his forgiveness, and try to live peaceably with him.
( Read Matthew 5 : 23, 24. )
We rejoice when others forgive us.
Thus, we too must be forgiving.
Colossians 3 : 13 states : “ Continue putting up with one another and forgiving one another freely if anyone has a cause for complaint against another.
Even as Jehovah freely forgave you, so do you also. ”
If we truly love our brothers, we will not feel hurt over something they did in the past.
( 1 Corinthians 13 : 5 ) And when we forgive others, Jehovah will forgive us too.
So if others have wronged us, let us be merciful toward them, just as our Father, Jehovah, is merciful toward us. — Read Psalm 103 : 12-14.
SOME EXPRESSIONS EXPLAINED
We remain loyal to Jehovah and his people : When others make mistakes, we do not stop attending meetings or leaving the congregation.
Rather, we trust in Jehovah to guide the congregation and always do what is right.
We are also willing to forgive others, just as Jehovah forgives us
A Quality More Precious Than Diamonds
Diamonds are precious stones.
Some are very expensive.
But is there anything more valuable to God than certain diamonds or gemstones?
Haykanush, an unbaptized Armenian publisher, obtained a passport near his home.
Inside the document, there were bank cards and large amounts of money.
She told her husband, who is also an unbaptized publisher.
The couple were financially troubled and in debt.
However, they took the money to the address provided.
The owner and his family were shocked.
Haykanush and her husband explained that studying the Bible helps them to be honest.
Then they told them about Jehovah ’ s Witnesses and offered some Bible literature to the family.
The family wanted to give Haykanush money to thank him, but he refused.
The next day, the man ’ s wife visited Haykanush and his husband and thanked them for forcing them to take a diamond ring.
Like that family, many people are amazed at the loyalty that Haykanush and his husband have shown.
But was Jehovah astounded?
How did Jehovah feel about such loyalty?
Was their faithfulness in vain?
QUALITIES MORE IMPORTANT THAN Riches AND Possessions
The answers to those questions are not difficult.
Why?
Because God ’ s servants know that imitating his qualities is more important to Jehovah than diamonds, gold, or any other material possession.
Things that are precious to humans are not so precious to Jehovah.
( Isaiah 55 : 8, 9 ) But imitating Jehovah ’ s qualities is of utmost importance to servants of God.
We can see that from the way the Bible speaks of discernment and wisdom.
Proverbs 3 : 13-15 says : “ Happy is the man that has found wisdom, and the man that gets discernment, for having it as gain is better than having silver as gain and having it as produce than gold itself.
It is more precious than corals, and all other delights of yours cannot be measured with it. ”
Clearly, Jehovah values these qualities more than any treasure.
And how does Jehovah feel about loyalty?
Jehovah is loyal.
He does not lie.
( Titus 1 : 2 ) He inspired the apostle Paul to write to first-century Hebrew Christians : “ Continue praying for us, for we trust we have an honest conscience, as we wish to conduct ourselves honestly in all things. ” — Hebrews 13 : 18.
Jesus Christ set a fine example of loyalty.
For example, when High Priest Caiaphas said : “ By a living God I put you under oath to tell us whether you are the Christ the Son of God!, ” Jesus spoke truthfully and identified himself as the Messiah.
He was right even though he knew that the Sanhedrin would accuse him of blasphemy and that he could be put to death. — Matthew 26 : 63-67.
What about us?
Would we be honest if we found ourselves in a situation where we would have more material possessions or money if we did not share the facts with someone or simply twist the facts?
WHY IS IT HAPPY TO BE LOYAL?
It is not easy to be honest in these last days because many people are “ lovers of themselves, lovers of money. ” ( 2 Timothy 3 : 2 ) When economic conditions are difficult or hard to find work, most people have no problem with stealing, cheating, or engaging in any form of dishonesty.
This pattern of thinking is so widespread that many feel that dishonesty is the only way to get what they want.
In fact, some Christians have made bad choices to gain “ dishonest gain, ” resulting in a misrepresentation of the congregation. — 1 Timothy 3 : 8 ; Titus 1 : 7.
However, many Christians imitate Jesus ’ example.
They realize that having godly qualities is more important than any material possession.
That is why Christian youths do not cheat at school to get good grades.
( Proverbs 20 : 23 ) Loyalty may not always lead to a reward, as Haykanush did.
But loyalty is what God requires of his people and helps a person to have a good conscience, which is of utmost importance.
Gagik ’ s example illustrates this point.
“ Before becoming a Christian, ” she says, “ I worked for a large company whose owners paid poorly because they only part of the company ’ s income.
As headmaster, I was expected to bribe a tax inspector to overlook the fraud of the company.
As a result, I came to be known for being disloyal.
When I learned the truth, I refused to continue in that way even though the job was well rewarded for me.
Instead, I opened my own company.
But at first, I legalized it and paid the whole tax. ” — 2 Corinthians 8 : 21.
“ My income had dropped by half, ” says Gagik, “ so it was very difficult to provide for the family.
Now, though, I am happy.
My conscience is clean in Jehovah ’ s eyes.
I set a good example for my two sons and have been able to qualify for privileges in the congregation.
The tax inspectors, as well as others with whom I deal, know me as an honest person. ”
JEHOVAH HELPS US
Jehovah loves those who glorify him by imitating his beautiful qualities, such as loyalty.
( Titus 2 : 10 ) If we do, he promises to help us.
He inspired King David to write : “ A young man I used to be, I have also grown old, and yet I have not seen anyone righteous left entirely, nor his offspring looking for bread. ” — Psalm 37 : 25.
The experience of faithful Ruth illustrates that fact.
She was loyal to her mother-in-law, Naomi, and she proved that by staying with her rather than abandoning her as an adult.
Ruth moved to Israel, where she could worship the true God.
( Ruth 1 : 16, 17 ) He was faithful and diligent in gleaning, following God ’ s arrangement for the poor.
Like David, Jehovah never abandoned Ruth and Naomi.
( Ruth 2 : 2-18 ) Jehovah did more than provide for Ruth ’ s needs.
He also selected him as part of the offspring of King David and of the promised Messiah. — Ruth 4 : 13-17 ; Matthew 1 : 5, 16.
It may not be easy for some of Jehovah ’ s servants to have enough money to earn a living.
But instead of looking for a simple and dishonest way of making a living, they work very hard.
By doing so, they show that God ’ s good qualities, including loyalty, are far more valuable than material possessions or money. — Proverbs 12 : 24 ; Ephesians 4 : 28.
Like Ruth, Christians around the world have faith that Jehovah will help them.
They have full confidence in the One who promised them : “ I will by no means leave you nor by any means forsake you. ”
( Hebrews 13 : 5 ) From time to time, Jehovah has demonstrated his ability and desire to help those who are faithful at all times.
He always keeps his promise to provide for the needs of his servants. — Matthew 6 : 33.
People may place too much importance on diamonds or money and possessions.
Yet, we can be sure that our heavenly Father values loyalty and other qualities far more than any other precious stone!
When we are honest, we are able to speak freely to people in the ministry