Despite facing many challenges, others, like Lazarious Ramolotja, have overcome problems and have succeeded in starting their dealings.
Ramolotja is one of more than two million deaf people in our country.
He says the deaf are struggling every day to take part in the economy.
My 43-year-old father operates a binding business.
He shares his story with us with the help of the provincial procession, Zebone Kgethe.
My name is Lazarious Ramolotja.
I live in a village called the Rock-mass.
I am the father of three children.
I started tying together many years ago.
Now, with my company.
With his skill over his disability, Ramolotja has found a way to communicate with his users.
He says there are no communications barriers.
Deaf people who live without business.
So I thought I should have my own business.
That doesn’t matter.
If there are communication barriers, there is a pen and paper.
It doesn’t mean I need a translator all the time.
People know I’m deaf too, and I think I’m deaf, and they can see that I’m a talented person.
I want to see other deaf people with their, he says.
According to the World Health Organization, more than 5 percent of the world ’ s population has lost consciousness.
The achievements of education and employment opportunities continue to be a major challenge for deaf citizens.
COVID-19 has also proved to be a major obstacle to the deaf population.
Interpreting coronavirus messages is an ongoing battle.
Ramolotja says he still does not understand much about the virus.
COVID-19, I felt very good.
As deaf, I don’t know much about coronavirus.
Hearing people are able to feel for themselves and to be deaf is a challenge.
We are suffering misery, he says.
Zebone Kget’s parents are deaf.
He is also a professional sign-language interpreter.
He believes that the deaf face social barriers every day.
Deaf people urge the government to rush the system into making sign language the official language.
Commendation messages continue to flow into South Africa as a result of the televisions program, “ MY Octopus Teacher, ” which won the Oscar prize at Los Angeles’s 93rd diawate.
The brochure was written to provide information on a variety of ways that gifts may be made either now or through a bequest at death.
This film has seen for itself many other opportunities for international film awards, and it has won the hearts and opinions of people worldwide.
The movie producer, Anant Singh, explains why this prize is big in industry.
It’s big in the industry because you have a small film, which enters the world’s top film competition and continues to be the oldest member of the information team.
He knows that filmmakers are developing information programs from small movies on their waistline (Iphones) and this gives them a tremendous incentive to continue to have a lot of fun in telling people the news.
Craig has been a good newsman, a good person, a good worker and we feel fortunate to have worked with him for the past 10 years.
The information program is a combination of projects directed by the “ The Sea Change ” project, which is the NGO that awakened the beauty and ecological significance of the Southern Kelp forest.
The group is proud to be seen around the world.
It’s a fine way to be put on stage with the work we do at the “Sea Change ” project. We are really fixing our minds on the big African jungle.
Our objective is to continue telling stories of a pleasant environment so that it will be able to encourage and surprise people to want to protect nature, to be connected with it and to be absorbed in it. What we hope people will remember. Remember that you are here, that you are nature yourself, that this beautiful planet is your home. That is exactly what we have tried to say on film, that the places and wild animals are important and that we are all halfway here.
In SABC interviews and news there, the film star “ Foster ” said Octopus had taught him that nature and humans come from the same line.
And that one needs another to survive in this world.
President Cyri Ramaphosa A says the film has opened the window to see the beauty of nature and the difference between the oceans of South Africa and the ocean environment.
We also thank the “ My My Octopus Teacher ” team for receiving the prize of a top-notch information program in the Oscars.
Minister of Cape West, Alan Winde, also commended the group.
A movie producer in South Africa, Anant Singh, has prepared a documentary that won the Oscar’s award for “ My My My My Octopus Teacher ” as a way of showing natural affection from a filmmaker, Craig Foster.
Foster’s film won a prize at the 93rd actress at Los Angeles.
The Disney magnet program covers his own experience and a smaller orchestra that he has taken care of throughout the year.
The two end up building a relationship that allows Foster to see life in an underwater animal with his eyes.
Singh says Foster’s victory promoted a new group of filmmakers.
The filmmakers process information from their messianic lines ( Iphone) and this gives them a tremendous incentive to continue discussing matters more effectively.
Craig has always been a lover of information processing, a good person, a good person.
We’ve been very fortunate to join her in the filming for the past 8 or 10 years, he added.
West Cape Minister, Alan Winde, has commended the winners of the Dell information program in South Africa for the prize.
Winde says the country is proud of that success.
I would like to speak in behalf of our Western Cape government, to everyone who is participating in the film production of “ MY Octopus Teacher, we commend you.
It makes us very proud.
It was a remarkable achievement in winning the Oscar.
Craig says he feels privileged to accept this assignment.
It’s not until the last year that movie producer Craig Foster made a friendly show with the good things, and the usual orchestra in the South African bush of Kelp in False Bay near Cape Town.
The filmmakers James Reed and Pippa Ehrlich have received respect.
I know there are many South Africans who do not sleep in the middle of the night to watch this celebration, but in many ways, this is a small personal story that has appeared in the oceans and forests at the African nose.
But to all of them, I hope it has nurtured a small view of all kinds of relationships between humans and nature.
Reed called the victory an honor, and thanked the akkemi family for their support.
He also mentioned the filmmaker, South African Craig Foster, who built the lower water alliance with OketopAS.
The information program has already won many awards by the year 2020 including two winners at Critics’ Choice Documentary Awards for the science / natural and commercial awards.
It also won the Grand Teton prize at the Jackson Wild Media Awards, where it won 8 elections.
It also won the award for the best film at Earthx movie.
In the video below, “ My My My Octopus Teacher won the Oscar prize.
The Hollywood stars have begun to arrive at the award season on Sunday, at what can be the center of history full of gravity, not only for the winners but also for the event itself.
The first candidate, Paul Raci, was the first to travel on a red carpet outside the Revival-Style Union station in Los Angeles, which was used for the first time because of the coronavirus pandemic.
Raci, who plays part of the educator to the deaf drill, used sign language on Sunday as she spoke to the media and said she hopes if the film has made deaf residents accessible.
Black Bottom actress, Ma Rainey’s Black Bottom, Colman Domingo was wearing a pink suit in color when columnist Diane Warren chose a white suit with a thin neck T-shirt.
It’s here in Oscars, Warren said.
They were lonely Oscars, but they were still in Oscars.
Keeping away from roadblocks has forced them to think newly about this celebration, which will be attended only by several hundred chosen people and instructors including Brad Pitt and Harrison Ford, and will be held outside and inside at the Art Deco Union Station in Los Angeles.
Other candidates will join with a presentation from the international community.
After the rigid rules of testing and isolation, most stars were not wearing masks when they walked on a huge red carpet, after months the awards were held in Zoom.
We want it all, right from the gate, to show it’s different, Steven Soderbergh, one of the three commentators, said before the Sunday party.
The Hollywood curfew for the past five years, with all four assignments, as well as the award of the best director, can go to color people, first in the 9th year, a history of high regard for the movie industry.
If Zhao, 39 will win the award for the best director, only the second woman and the first woman in Asia will win the award for the actress in that part.
The Chicago 7 trial against the situation in Vietnam, with the prize of a surpassed image, says experts, is a serious challenge to Nomadland.
It may be the best-known Oscar movie.
It’s full of exciting events and relevant history, says Alison Willmore, a movie critic at the New York magazine.
Some of the best candidates for the film is the Hollywood drama of 1930, Mank, which has taken the lead with 10 elections; the film of revenge, Promising Young Woman, the family immigrated from Korea, Minari, the film on civil rights, Judas and the Black Messiah, the film on forgetfulness, The Father and Sound of Metal, the film about the deaf drunkard.
The winners are secretly elected by the 9,000 members of the athlete Motion Picture Arts & Sciences.
The front line of the female actress is open, with Frances McDormand (Nomadland) Carey Mulligan (Promising Young Woman). Viola Davis (Ma Raineys Black Bottom). Vanessa Kirby(Pieces of a Woman) and minim Day (The United States vs. Billie Holiday) competing for the prize.
The racing of the best female actress is impressive.
We’ve had a different winner at each TV awards, says Pete Hammond, Hollywood awards columnist.
The Black Panther that left the world here, Chadwick Boseman, 43, is one of those who can win the Oscar because of his role in Ma Rainey’s film, Black Bottom.
Only Anthony Hopkins of Britain, who plays the part of a man with a memory disorder in The Father, can win a prize if the part of Riz Ahmed deaf drill in the Sound of the Metal can win the prize of the best performer.
For the first time since the pandemic, not one but two films, have brought significant sales to the Box Office.
It’s a good sign that people are showing they’ve been ordered to return to the movies after sitting at home for almost a year.
Mortal Kombat, a popular video game, spearheaded the U.S. Box Office charts with $ 225.5 million from 3,073 locations in North America.
The Warner Bros is already available to be viewed at home, in HBO Max service, for a month, this is a plan that the broadcasting room will use in 2021.
Mortal Kombat has found its first position very easy. It has raced more than they had in mind at the end of the week.
In the second position that leaves such a distance, Demon Slayer.
Mugen Train received the equivalent of 15.9 million from 598 different locations 1.
South Africa’s COVID-19 cases of the third wave exceeded 13,000 in number.
The health ministry said 13,246 cases were in a short time, bringing the number of uncertainties to-21%.
According to the National Institute of infectious diseases, this is the highest number of daily cases since January.
Health struggler Dr. King Ark Response to rising covid-19 numbers:
In a short period of time, 136 deaths were, bringing the nationalistic total of 58,223.
The NICD encourages South Africans to be cautious and to follow effective preventive measures to help prevent the spread.
It also appeals to youths in South Africa to help the elderly to apply for a vaccine.
So far, 1,965,812 South Africans have already received the COVID-19 vaccine.
Nigeria is expecting a second 4 million COVID-19 vaccine at the beginning of August, and they plan to continue administering the first dose of vaccines that had been stopped to keep the second level of support.
So far, the massive African country has given only about 2 million out of 200 million people the first measure.
Nigeria has been distributing the 3.92 million which they have received through the COVAX globally transmitted vaccines in March, with future supplies still being placed in the public because of the good-for-nothing ban on goods from India.
Nigeria is now expecting a second 3.92 million-million AstraZeneca vaccine COVID-19 at the end of July or early August.
Vaccines will also be opened to adults over 18 who want the first dose, he says.
We have been receiving many requests from Nigerian immigrants who want to be vaccinated.
He has not revealed where the new vaccines will come from and has demonstrated the dedication of the previous week of the G7 leaders to provide coronavirus vaccines at a rate of about 1 billion worldwide next year.
The injection due to misinformation is also a problem.
The South African democracy nursing institute ( Denosa) says it feels disappointed with President Cyril Ramaphosa’s speech to the nation on Tuesday about government accountability for the increase in coronavirus infections in the country.
Denosa says it expected the president to make strict rules to eliminate the spread of the virus.
The temporary general secretary of Denosa Cassim Lekhoathi says nurses are overwhelmed by a lot of hospital work because of the increase in the number of COVID-19 patients, and that a lot of nurses are dying from the virus.
Patients are increasing and the number of workers is decreasing because no one enters our savings, as the end of the week I will save three of our nurses, nobody will.
And I’m not just talking about those I’m going to save a week, I’m talking about those who are already infected and left out, and a few who have to stay in the wards, must continue with the load.
Many health-care workers have accepted the Johnson & Johnson vaccine.
South Africa leads to the third legacy.
A total of 339 health-care workers died from COVID-19-related illnesses in South Africa between March and November last year, and most of the deaths occurred in the Eastern Cape, KwaZulu-Natal and Johannesburg.
President Cyril Ramaphosa says despite the obstacles to the COVID-19 vaccine removal in the country, the figures are climbing at the rate of 85,000 vaccinations every day.
The government has accepted from Johnson & Johnson that the 2 million still to be destroyed in Aspens at Qqeberha will be reinstated at the end of the month.
Ramaphosa says optimistic figures are that only 64 health-care workers are infected in the last seven days compared with 640 when the second wave began.
South Africa continues on to the third wave of the march: Meanwhile, DA leader John Steenhuisen has criticized the vaccine rate, saying the government’s policy of vaccinating a large percentage of the nation has not yet been realized.
The President said while the vaccination program has increased speed, South Africa is still far from achieving a position that will help the civilian immune system to fight the disease after the vaccination.
Steenhuisen raised questions about how fast the government buys vaccines for you.
I think the government has many questions to answer.
The president has the ability to publish large numbers without explaining how we will them.
In fact there are problems with how the government buys vaccines, which has put many South Africans at greater risk of contracting the virus.
It would not be so if we had a successful vaccination program.
Some people will pay for the failure of the government with their lives.
The general director of the department of health, Dr. Sandile Buthelezi, says the center is preparing for the hospital reception of other patients during the third wave of coronavirus.
President Cyril Ramaphosa announced on Tuesday night that the country is currently on the third state of the march.
He expressed concern for the various provinces that report the COVID-19 rise in infections, Gauteng being the most affected.
Buthelezi says that the health center has obtained studies from the first and second coronavirus waves of treatment for patients
I think we have already learned more than in the first and second waves.
Some provinces are even more burdened, like Johannesburg.
South Africa 8,436 new COVID-19 cases, bringing the total infection to 1,761 066
205 cases of COVID-19 deaths in the last 24 hours, bringing the national death toll to 58,087.
The President told the nation on Tuesday night after the meeting with various delegates, including the coronavirus national council.
The Department of Minerals and Power ( DMRE) has sent a team of workers to the KwaHlathi area near Ladysmith in KwaZulu-Natal to make a precise examination of the area where the stones agreed to be diamonds found.
The unemployed group includes geologists and mineralists.
The news of diamond discovery spread across the country on Friday and people are still flocking to the area to dig stones.
The group from DMRE is expected to reach the site on Tuesday and will also include those of the testimony and implementation group to conduct a checklist.
The team also includes experts from the Minerals and Technology Council (MINTEK) and the Geological Sciences Council (GeoScience) who will present their ideas about the natural rocks, and the assessment of the site’s availability of mineral resources.
After a technical examination, the report will be given next time.
Local citizens and municipality districts in the area are asked to calm down.
The inhabitants of KwaHlathi say if they are real diamonds, black people should be put first when it comes to economic governments.
Citizens add that the discovery of stone reflects the quality of studies such as geology.
So, they should start now studying these (sic) lessons, says a member of the population, Thabani Mbatha.
One citizen, Vuma Makhwasa, says regional conditions can change greatly in the social and economic situation if it’s real gold.
And the government must make sure that blacks are not just workers, but they have checks, as a means of economic cleansing.
People continue to pick diamonds from the soil at Kiał, Ladysmith and KwaHlathi......
The National Institute of infectious diseases (NICD) released coronavirus data indicating that Johannesburg more than two thirds of the cases.
Gauteng has registered more than 3,700 new cases of coronavirus in the national number of more than 5,500 cases.
South Africa has entered the third wave of epidemics last week.
We are interpreting details of the increase in COVID-19 cases in Johannesburg and the Professor Bruce Mellado..
The South African Commission, Aspen, says it takes steps to reduce the loss of the Johnson and Johnson vaccines preserved at Qqeberha in the Eastern Cape.
The provider says Johnson & Johnson will provide South African teachers with 300,000 vaccines in due days.
Aspen adds that in the week it hopes to release the Johnson & Johnson vaccines, which were designed with impurities that are not affected by vaccine pollution in the US.
The company says it is still developing additional vaccines that will be available during the month of July.
Vaccines were affected by pollution problems in the US in Baltimore.
In La iron, the State and the South African health-care authority (Sahpra) have assured South Africans that contaminated vaccines will not be released from our country.
Sahpra leader, Dr. Boitumelo Semete-Machokotlela, spoke of the contamination of J & J vaccines.
The company ’ s step follows reports that the heaps waiting for distribution from Aspen in Qgqeberha are polluted
Two hospitals in Afghanistan who treat COVID-19 sufferers had to close their doors because of the shortage of beds, said the chief minister of health and doctors on Monday.
Afghanistan is facing a third wave of pandemic, with the number of infections and deaths between the increase in warfare while the U.S. international warriors withdraw and the Taliban statesmen take offense.
Japanese hospitals with Ali Jinnah had to close their doors because of the need for beds or equipment.
The official said the two hospitals in the Kabul capital continued to suffer from oxygen and other medical complications.
Mirwais Alizay, Deputy lawyer for the Department of Health, said hospitals have to be closed at times because of the high number of patients.
Masi Noori, a doctor at Afghanistan Japan hospital, said she had been confined to young patients in a few days because of a bed shortage.
Eid Executive, the head of Ali Jinnah, said they had to stop taking the new patients when their COVID-19 beds were full.
We have only 50 beds in COVID cases, this is a big problem, Walden told Reuters.
Afghanistan on Monday 1,804 new cases of COVID-19 and 71 deaths due to the disease.
Human Rights Group and an international member said last week that the government urgently needs to buy oxygen and vaccines.
The number of cases of COVID-19 in Afghanistan is increasing, saidonan Sultani, a South Asian group researcher. (South Asia).
Last week, Afghanistan received a COVID-19 vaccine rate of 700,000 by the Chinese sinopharm.
Health experts say the vaccine shortage in South Africa has been a major challenge according to the vaccination project.
Professor Salim Abdool Karim says the discarded Johnson & Johnson piles have postponed the country’s efforts to increase the number of vaccines a day.
The Sahpra leader, Dr Boitumelo Semete-Inokotlela, appeals to South Africans not to panic over emergencies.
Sahpra has affirmed that 300,000 medicines received by the administration and drugs in the US will be released and shipped to SA.
The Johnson & Johnson vaccine will be kept in four and a half months instead of three months at a temperature of 2.8 degrees Celsius.
Durban’s retired geologist, Manqoba Msimango, says he cannot take aside the truth of a recent discovery of what some people believed to be diamonds in the KwaHlathi area outside Ladysmith in KwaZulu-Natal.
Msimang says it is only a biological group that can make sure these things are real diamonds.
The health-care authority of South Africa (sahpra) along with the temporary health minister Mamooloko Kubayi-Cubane have affirmed to South Africans that the contaminated COVID-19 vaccine will not be released in South Africa.
This is after discovering that the heaps waiting to be distributed from Aspen at Gqeberha in the Eastern Cape are contaminated.
According to a report by the FDA, we are concerned about the Gqeberha piles that we have at the lifeline numbering 2 million.
I think the inhabitants of South Africa should not be frightened and what we will receive and put into practice is almost permissible.
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has suspended the release of J & J vaccines in the meantime.
The country should avoid giving an AstraZeneca coronavirus vaccine to more than 60 people over the years, the EU head of COVID-19 drug management was quoted as saying in a statement, among the fears of blood clotting while other vaccines continue.
The European pharmaceutical Institute (EMA) views AstraZeneca as a safe vaccine for people of all ages.
The Italian government said on Friday it would reduce the use of the AstraZeneca vaccine to more than 60 years after the child who had received the vaccine died as a result of the shedding of blood.
Like many European countries, Italy has banned the AstraZeneca vaccines on March because of concern over the crisis of blood loss.
South Africa and India, supported by many developing countries, are demanding a temporary exemption of the IP vaccine rights and other treatments to allow local workers to make vaccines.
U.S. President Joe Biden said he supported a temporary resignation.
Okonjo-lweala said the argument went further with the agreement to initiate the negotiations.
WTO members should discuss the method of negotiation the following week with a view to writing a report on July 21-22.
The G7 leaders who had held a committee in South West England agreed on Friday to donate 1 trillion COVID-19 vaccine to poorer countries, something that the United Nations and the campaign groups said is necessary.
On the other hand, Okonjo-lweala said he expected negotiations on the fishing tourism to take place in the month of July despite the possibility of not reaching the end.
He avoids holding the WTO national assembly in 15 July in an effort to curb the fishing industry’s proposals after 20 years of discussions.
The June month is not a typical month in South Africa, especially for its young people.
It’s a reminder of the 1976, heroes and lawyers who made history this month.
On June 16, 1976, South Africa saw a riot when tens of thousands of students in Soweto began a protest against the compulsory Black educational system.
On the event day of June, the students had to hold a peaceful march to the Orlando arena as a sign of opposition to the new language policy.
However, events did not go as expected and these events made the same June in South Africa today.
Although it is the month we celebrate the courage and victory of 1976, South Africa is still facing challenges.
I am referring to the young people in 1976 for the firm guidance and guidance that they have left behind for those who come back.
The challenges facing South African youths today are characterized by a number of factors from fighting vandalism to the little faith of young people in power (Patel; Ga Graham: 2019).
On the other hand, South African youths aged 15-24 a high unemployment rate of 63. % while the unemployment rate for those aged 25-34 is 41 % in the South African unemployment rate of Q4 2020.
Saul says the organization should incite in its work of removing corrupt leaders.
He has called the health minister Dr Zweli Mkhize to appear to the loyal ANC commission.
The pressure is heightening on Mkhize to resign from work after claiming that a R 150 million tender share, which was donated by his department to a communications center called Digital vibes, was uncertain.
Mkhize made a statement on Wednesday after a profit from intersectional investigations, about the tender assigned to her former assistant, Tahera Mathera and former lawyer, Naardhira Mitha.
The tender was for services related to the National Health Insurance Program and government response to the COVID-19 pandemic
Saul says Mkhize should appear before the commission as the law implies.
Rather than focusing on fighting the pandemic, we are being swept along by rumors of uncleanness from those of us who must first visit.
There are serious accusations against the NEC member khomooreite Zweli Mkhize, who has now been put on duty as a health minister.
If there are such charges, according to guidelines received by the NEC, it is expected that he should go to the legal commission to meet this fact and make an appeal to the NEC.
Prime Minister Mkhize must resign from work to follow the tendara investigation.
Subsequently elected chairperson in Northern Cape, Zamani Saul, says the organization should be cruel in ending corruption with its status.
He has asked the minister of Health, Zweli Mkhize, to present himself to the ANC’s independent committee and to explain the following criminal investigations.
Mkhize is in trouble because of uncertain contracts of the value of more than 150 million in connection with the National Health Insurance ( MobileI) and COVID-19 donated to her associates.
Instead of fighting the pandemic we are being carried off by fraudulent accusations from those of us who should visit first.
There are serious accusations against the NEC member of the committee Zweli Mkhize who has recently been sent to work as a minister of health.
If there are such accusations in the light of guidelines received by the NEC, the hope is that you must go to the justice commission so that the commission will face this controversy and make amends to the NEC, says Saul.
A special investigative unit (SIU) examines the matter.
President Ramaphosa is waiting for an accusation report by the Digital vibes tender, which is unfounded.
Saul considered the general secretary-general Ace Magashule’s decision to bring the party to court in an attempt to set aside the exclusion of the gwage.
The ANC member Chairperson in the Northern Cape explained that the action of ganmagashule is embarrassing.
Saul says if Magashule feels he is above the constitution of the ANC member.
He says that in the history of the organization, they have not experienced any misconduct from the general writer
There is no defilement that will take place within an organization that is unable to influence good behavior against its members.
‘ Step-aside’ is one of the steps taken to ensure that we are going to put our company on the road to defilement.
The point of the secretary-general is that none of us, no respectable member of the ANC, cannot be disappointed by the general secretary who leads the ANC to court, but I realize that he is doing this because he has negative thoughts about his role as secretary-general.
Saul spoke privately about the ANC elective assembly in the North Cape held in Springbok.
He says the organization will meet the challenges it now faces.
Zamani condemns Magashule by taking the party to court: President Ramaphosa is also addressing the assembly.
He has asked the members to work hard to restore unity in the governing body, and he urged them to serve their citizens with whites of heart.
In his speech, Ramaphosa said there is no room for unmannerly members of the ANC.
Ramaphosa has insisted that those who deviate from the important practices of the ANC should be disciplined.
We are determined to carry out the commission given by the Nasrec conference because the directors of the conference said that all members of the NEC, of the ANC branch, must work together and work hard to integrate and rebuild our glorious organization.
When we talk about the assembly, we mean the constitution, but now it is well formulated in Northern Cape, a specific assembly.
It is an assembly that should appear on the foundation of the African National Congress, he said.
The ANC of KwaZulu-Natal has asked the Department of Cooperation and Cultural Affairs to intervene after private security officials have entered the municipal room of Nquthu and have removed ANC councillors from the meeting.
The event, which was held on video and advertised in the social media, took place early this week.
A video publication shows security officials camping with a councillor whose name is not given
It’s heard the councillors shout and ask what Zikode has done.
The security officers, wearing heavy clothes, are seen arresting two councillors in an attempt to get them out of the room.
The ANC in the KwaZulu-Natal region accuses the IFP of organizing an attack by their councillors.
The IFP has failed to take part in analyzing important issues they have raised.
They decided to bring their hired robbers out of our councillors.
They are not security agents employed by the municipality, they are private criminals.
Only the IFP has pushed the charges aside.
The Society said the ANC councillors were the ones who were not in control.
ANC councillors did not want to see the council assembly continue.
They really wanted to stop the council.
They did not want to find anything that had to be discussed about the lockdown.
If there are members who are trying to interfere with the council, you should look for ways to do so.
He, who was also publishing, indicates that a plan had been devised and well-organized, says provincial Chairperson, Thami Ntuli.
The ANC acknowledges that the election of the current IFP Mayor Lindokuhle Shabalala was illegal.
The Society cites the fact that the council assembly, to which Shabalala was appointed, took place when the country was under party 5 because of lack of truth.
The State Capture and Cultural Affairs Department of KwaZulu-Natal said it was aware of the conflict and will consider further.
Report on Bongani Gema.
ANC President Cyril Ramaphosa says the COVID-19 pandemic is the first real test in the movement since it was formed.
Ramaphosa says the ANC will not finger anyone, but it must show the country the way against storms.
He spoke at a Northern Cape provincial conference that was held in Springbok.
Apart from its impact on human health, COVID-19 has also damaged the economy and the lives of people.
The COVID-19 pandemic has dropped South Africa’s economy even more, millions have lost their jobs.
As the third wave is fast approaching, Ramaphosa says the ANC must play its part to prevent the increase in numbers, which includes encouraging candidates to take doses.
He says more than a hundred countries are joined by health-care agencies to approve the invention rights of COVID-19 vaccines.
ANC President Cryil Ramaphosa is addressing the North Cape elections conference.
ANC Provincial Chairperson Zamani Saul has been the chief critic of the suspected secretary-general Ace Magashule, calling him a person with many challenges.
Besides COVID-19, the movement is also facing its challenges, such as unstable behavior.
Since Nasrec, we have been trying to promote unity.
Discipline the comrade.
It’s just that unity, says Ramaphosa.
Ramaphosa has also sought political upheaval within the local government.
As the local government elections will be held in October, the ANC says it is looking for a favorable victory in those elections.
ANC Chairperson of NC Zamani Saul responds to Ramaphosa’s speech on the provincial election conference.
Political analyst Dr Luvuyo Dondolo says the African National Congress (ANC) must have a purgatory solution if it wants to renew the movement.
He says the ANC can restore confidence, after all the interruptions now taking place, they will need to work hard.
This is after the Eastern Cape ANC announced the acting of wisdom from those who had previously ruled by including former president Thabo Mbeki at a three-day meeting of the provincial executive committee currently held in East London.
Dondolo says this is a short-term plan.
The role of former leaders like Thabo Mbeki, moral leaders as a means of reviving the ANC, is temporary.
It is a policy that the ANC uses to win candidates’ hearts, yet the ANC needs lasting action, says Dondolo.
ANC Chairperson of the ANC in the North Cape Zamani Saul says the movement needs to restore its defective image.
He says with a temporary solution, the ANC can win elections in certain municipalities, but there are other cities that will be debated by other political parties.
Mbeki has been appointed to contribute to the development of the ANC as a social network.
ANC spokesperson PEC Loyiso Mag reforela says the assembly will be based on the heritage of those who are the founder of the movement so that it will be useful for the young now.
To confirm the point of the defilement process and reconciliation we must go to the wisdom of the former rulers so that our defilement will have proper guidance.
You may have understood that in modern times, the ANC is being pressured from left to right, the renewal of the project is now becoming important and we also want to impress on the national authority and leadership of the ANC, says Mag financela.
As the ANC EC will open its extended PEC assembly at the EL ICC, in the district of Dr W.B Rubusana this morning, it is expected to be with the former president of the ANC Cde Thabo Mbeki.
ANC President Cyril Ramaphosa says putting the economy on the road to recovery is one of the most important responsibilities of the organization this year.
Ramaphosa addressed the members of the movement with a picture at the North Cape provincial election conference held in Springbok.
He added that members of the Society should choose those who are competent to take the lead in the local government, and to prevent past mistakes of employing unemployed officials who have destroyed various municipalities.
Ulrich Hendricks of SABC news reports on the North Cape election conference.
In place of the National Executive Committee, we want to thank and extol Mlangeni and Ledwaba’s family to cooperate with the ANC in celebrating Mlangeni’s heritage under the heading: Morality, behavior and defilement.
This is at a good time during the 2021 season when we have our national unity group, the desolation, and the new building this year of Charlotte Maxeke.
Significantly, while sleeping, a generous protector of the ANC, who is suffering, has complaints about the status of the institution, and in his commemoration, we believe that like the NEC we owe people like him by ensuring that we link the NEC and reviving ourselves, says the NEC member Nomvula Mokonyane.
June and Andrew Mlangeni Foundation Chairperson, Professor Hlokiwe Mkhize, said they were very happy.
We were determined to continue his final struggle with moral difficulties, especially in his institution, as well as with ethical difficulties, and we thought we were all in the present crisis, he left, let us talk about the things around us and other difficult subjects.
So we are thankful that Dad Mlangeni started something.
Mkhize said Mlangeni was opposed to vandalism, as it affects the poor.
The University of South Africa held a Memorial Counsel Study for liberties readers.
Published by Justice Minister and Cultural Services, Ronald Lamola.
The Economic Freedom Fighters (EFF) has sent an amnesty to the family and the international synagogue of Synagogue, the Assembly Church (Scoan) in the death of the noted TV minister of Nigeria TB Joshua.
Joshua died Saturday night in the hospital in Lagos at 57.
His power of speech and healing has attracted South Africans to his church in Lagos, including EFF leader Julius Malema, former transport minister Dipuo Peters and former Springbok Wium Basson.
EFF has said millions of people around the world will remember her generosity and submit to the word of God.
In the publication below, SABC’s national news correspondent, Sophie Mokoena, provides information on TB Joshua.
The challenge that Public Protector Busisiwe Mkhwebane faces against the parliamentary rules of the chief court will be heard at the Western Cape court on Monday.
The point expected to be heard by 3 judges is set aside until Friday.
Last month, Deputy Chief Justice of the Western Cape, John Hlophe, withdrew from the case, after the Democratic Alliance asked for a treaty of his interests.
Hlophe has been convicted of stealing by the Inquisition.
Bank Accounts : Bank accounts, certificates of deposit, or individual retirement accounts may be placed in trust for or made payable on death to Watch Tower.
Meanwhile, the Justice Service Commission will decide at the end of the following month whether Hlophe is guilty of theft and should face the charges.
The Economic Freedom Fighters party was one of the parties that did not support the committee’s stand.
Parliament member Natasha Ntlangwini said when these laws were passed they had been proposed by the Public Protector.
We are against the sanctions granted by the pencil.
The house has not yet had laws on the removal of Re Chapter 9 of the leadership.
These regulations were made with the idea of the Public Protector, a serious process of removing the Public Protector, not anyone else.
Former President Kgalema Motlanthe described the tortured hero Andrew Mlangeni as a staunch and confident candidate who won all in his place and in the African National Congress (ANC).
The ANC commends the late Mlangeni at a wreath-seed ceremony at his grave, along with his wife in the Roodepoort paragraphs June.
Festival of wreaths commemorating Mother ’ s June Mlangeni and Isithwalandwe Daddy Andrew Mlangeni in the Roodepoort Plains
Motlanthe says he is thankful when he worked with the late Mlangeni, he says he learned a lot from the family.
The Mlangeni family was present at the ceremony.
ANC members NEC Lindiwe Sisulu and Nomvula Mokonyane were also present.
June seed feast with Andrew Mlangeni.
In delivering the keynote address, Motlanthe said: Comrade Andrew Mlangeni was the leader of our struggle that pointed to the depth of what the struggle was about.
He is an adult in whom one can trust.
He was honest and independent.
Tomorrow, he has given us his knowledge and skills.
The Democratic Alliance (DA) has outlined an unreasonable and understandable policy that deprives South Africans of their citizenship.
This follows complaints from London residents, when they try to revive their South African citizenship, they realize they are no longer South African citizens because they have asked for additional citizenship.
This is because, under the present South African Citizenship Act, you have to apply to the Ministry of Internal Affairs to obtain citizenship for another country.
Meanwhile, DA Parliamentary member Adrian Roos says the party is against this Act and will fight it in the high court instead of thousands of South Africans who have lost their citizenship without their knowledge.
The DA is challenging the Act at court.
It is not as reasonable as the Ministry of Internal Affairs once stated it is not against citizenship of two countries.
It’s only your policy, don’t say you are supporting the citizenship of two countries.
When you look at the temporary Constitution, you are speaking because no citizen will live without the support of the law, but this has been amended in the Constitution.
They have removed the statement without stating that this right should not be applied so as not to be denied your citizenship.
So the DA argument is that, no matter how, you must have a license to leave your citizenship before it can be lost, says Roos.
Below is the complete negotiation of DA Adrian Roos.
Deputy President David Mabuza has voiced his opinion of the $ 100 million gross accusations of Digital vibes linked to the Minister of Health, Zweli Mkhize.
He spoke to a group of former military experts at Limpopo on Saturday.
The special investigative unit (SIU) is reviewing allegations that the minister has contributed to the funds paid to Digital vibes to work with the community-related work of the Department.
The Democratic Alliance (DA) is one of the parties that want Mkhize to resign.
Mabuza says people should wait for the results.
In fact, if there are accusations, they will block governmental thinking.
I just think we should take what the President said so that the matter is expected.
Pejana, Kaizer Kganyago of the Special Investigations Committee, said they are still doing research and are determined to complete the investigation immediately.
Deputy President David Mabuza says the R654 million which should be in the interests of military personnel scientists lies within the Security Department and is not being used because the department has not functioned properly.
Mabuza spoke to a team of expert military personnel at Limpopo on Saturday.
He has asked military experts to shape themselves into one wild beast instead of fighting it against one another.
However, money has not yet been used, it is sitting in the department because there are a lot of problems, only military personnel experts complain.
A major problem facing us is a system of confirmation that has a profound effect on corruption.
Mabuza says he hopes that by now the Secretary-General of the Department has been appointed, military heroes will find the help they want.
He has encouraged military heroes from all over the political sector to prepare and permit the government to try to support them.
Military actors often complain about the shortage of housing, dignified health services, and unemployment.
A lack of cooperation between heroes.
Mabuza says the lack of cooperation with classmates between former military heroes and soldiers is undermining the efforts of the state in meeting their challenges.
He said the heroes of military officials from earlier issues also twisted by confirming their identification details.
You have to try and get ready for yourself, we don’t want these groups between you because we don’t understand why you fight on your own.
You are a dwindling society, and an age-old society where the elderly may want to fight against each other’sssssssssssssssssssssssss.
This is not good for this nation.
Mabuza is speaking with heroes from the South African Defence Force, Mkhonto we Sorti, Azanian People Liberation Army and Venda Defence Force in Polokwane, Limpopo.
Deputy President David Mabuza is discussing with the South African Defence Force, Mkhonto we Sorti, Azanian People Liberation Army and Venda Defence Force.
Although they were unhappy, the heroes believe there is a breakdown of confidence.
I come from Azania MVA, hopefully our problems will be solved, as long as there is cooperation between us and the national government.
Emmanuel Maake of the National Executive Council says we have had all kinds of problems including health, housing, pension, and school payments, we have a lot of problems.
Other military attorneys were not pleased that they were denied entry to the place where Mabuza addressed them.
They were not on the list of those who had to enter the Rakabi field.
The Inkatha Freedom Party (IFP) is headed by Nquthu municipality in the Northern state of KwaZulu-Natal and takes the provincial Assembly Control Department to court because it has been placed under control.
This decision was made by COGTA MEC, Siphoublomuka on Thursday.
He quoted the latest bronze statements and the supreme court rulings that the appointment of other senior executives was uncertain.
The Nquthu Council said the MEC did not have the authority to place municipalities under the administration.
The decision to challenge Hlomuka’s step was taken during the council assembly on Thursday, the day after the province of the Department of Control of the Assembly announces the placement of municipalities under the administration.
On the other hand, the provincial government placed the municipality under the administration.
But the decision was postponed by the National Minister of State, Dr Nkos cac Dlamini-Zuma......
He said there was no valid reason for placing municipalities under the administration.
I think this intervention is not true, but it is MEC’s plan because in March Dr. Nkos cac Dlamini Zuma has challenged COGTA’s decision in the province of placing municipalities under administration.
Dlamini-Doma, he has thus advised the provincial government to join Part 139 1A which means that they can keep an eye, direct, and help the municipality.
COGTA was not doing just that.
Yes, we have found the bronze profits for not making a comeback, just for the reasons, former directors, if they ever carried with them important information that was needed in order to raise, said Lindokuhle Shabalala.
The municipality of Nquthu threatens to bring COGTA to court
The IFP of KwaZulu-Natal has accused Hlomuka of collaborating with the African National Congress (ANC) to mismanage municipalities, putting them under control.
The party’s provincial Chairperson, Thamsanqa Ntuli, said the ANC wanted to run Nquthu municipality despite their loss of elections in the area.
We all know that it is clear that both the IFP and the ANC are doing well in the Johannesburg City alone in Kovo is a different matter.
That’s why you see a list against all our municipalities in the province of KZN.
We are concerned about the conduct of COGTA and the COGTA Commissioner who allows the ANC councillor list in Nquthu to guide COGTA activities, which is very disappointing.
The IFP has also disappointed the ANC after giving the name of one of the regional institutions in the province to the north, the name of liberation activist, the late Nobleman Mzala Nxumalo.
He said, this action would postpone the forgiveness negotiations between the two parties that were dismissed by the leaders of both parties to the national level.
Deputy President David Mabuza has affirmed the military heroes that the government has no money in the hand to give the military heroes only the government with the funds to care for their social needs and health needs.
He says the problem was with the Department of Defense and the Officials, with the lack of a system to deal with their problems.
When he addressed a group of military heroes, Mabuza said things would start to go well because the Deputy Chief of the Department has been appointed.
We still continue the provincial negotiations with the military heroes.
Today we are in Limpopo at the Rakabi Plain of Salvation and are warmly welcomed by Prime Minister, Stanley Mathabatha.
He asked military heroes to form one wild beast instead of fighting for it.
We are still going to repair the Division of Military heroes.
I can tell you that the General Director [Irene Mpolurin ] in the department has already been appointed.
He is going to start work on June 7.
Now things will start to get together.
Second, the President has asked the Office of the Prime Minister to cooperate on this project, says Mabuza.
Deputy President speaks to the media about a discussion with military heroes.
Deputy President David Mabuza has encouraged military heroes throughout the political sector to form one wild beast so that the government can give them adequate support.
Frequently, Army Officials complain that they do not have houses, health services and other resources from the state.
In the publication below, SABC speaks to a former member of the Venda Defence Force:
Speech with a group of military officials at Limpopo from the old South African Defence Force (SADF) Venda Defence Force (VDF).
Mabuza says the state is concerned that military personnel are fighting for themselves.
He says military personnel from earlier sects are still being reassigned to expect who were in the administration when the others in SADF and VDF were better.
You are a nation that continues to be small.
You are an elderly society.
So why can adults fight when they see it?
MPL and the military council, you have to go and settle your problems quickly.
This is not for this nation, added Mabuza.
SABC speaks to the ExecutiveVA Secretary of Limpopo Lulamile Jack.
The Ministry of Public Internal Affairs and Cultural Affairs (COGTA) in KwaZulu-Natal has ordered the speaker of the local municipality in India’s involvement with the Cancellor to investigate the allegations of the attack against the councillor.
It is mentioned that the IFP chancellor struck two women of the ANC chancellors.
COGTA’s spokesperson, Senzo Mzila, says the KwaZulu-Natal Socialist and Cultural Affairs MEC, Sipho Hlomuka has expressed concern over the allegations expressed in the local municipality of In Diss Langalibalele.
Accusations that one of the councillors has hit another councillor.
MEC, Hlomuka has asked the Speaker of the municipality to investigate the reasons for the incident in order to give him a full report on this first, adding Mzila.
Deputy President David Mabuza’s position as chairperson of the President’s Service Group for military personnel is expected to cooperate with military personnel in Russia, Limpopo.
He will review the progress of the provincial government by meeting the challenges facing military personnel.
For years, Army Officials from both the political parties and the Transkei, Bophuthatswana, Venda and Ciskei ( TBVC countries) have complained that the government is not doing enough to care for their lives.
Among other things noted by a service group headed by Deputy President Mabuza is the need for relief from social anguish, to provide educational assistance, a building of dignified houses and the land to the Army heroes.
In a statement from the President’s office, the Service Group continues to receive reports of progress that have been reached by various departments, with a legal resolution to assist military personnel.
With increasing estimates that President Cyril Ramaphosa is looking for a new Minister of Health, there are reports that Zweli Mkhize may be ready to retire.
Mkhize has been charged with interest dispute over a R 150 million tender that her department has given the Digital vibes company.
The Institute of Special Inquiry (SIU) is examining an uncertain tender linked to national health insurance and the governments to respond to the coronavirus pandemic.
Mkhize has failed to appear before the Photee of the Parliament of Health on Friday to follow legal counsel.
The committee chairperson, Ngk.
That ’ s where I heard that he had been given legal views
It’s not a good idea for him to be a member of the Photefolio Committee because of accusations putting his name in the picture.
So, it is lawful for him not to come and explain himself.
Mkhize’s absence before the Committee leads to her being expected.
Meanwhile, political analyst Ngk. Dale McKinley says Mkhize’s failure to appear before the Photefolio Health Committee makes things difficult for him and many people are going to ask questions about sharing in the Digital vibes tender.
McKinely says the ANC should encourage Mkhize to resign because of the law.
Ngk Dale McKinley speaks of Mkhize’s absence before the committee.
The Gauteng Department of Health says the alleged crime against the Minister of Health Ngk. Zweli Mkhize is a major factor in the country fighting the coronavirus pandemic.
Accusations involving his departments that have received a 150 million contribution to the Digital vibes telecommunication company.
Mkhizes ’ early assistants control a contract that has found work connected with the National Health Insurance School and government announcements about Corona
Special Investigations are doing this.
Last month Mkhize admitted that the preaching was uncertain and said the corrective measures would be taken against the guilty.
To have a Minister of Health taking the lead in the response to our pandemic, a person whose words are not taken seriously, who cannot communicate with the media, who is becoming more and more runaway.
We have a Minister of Health who cannot answer simple questions about incidents taking place in his department, says Gauteng Health Department Secretary-General, Meisie Lerutle.
Mkhize’s appearance before the Health Committee raises her expectations.
Meanwhile, political analyst Ngk Dale Mckinley says the absence of the Public Health Minister Ngk Zweli Mkhize’s appearance before the Photefolio Health Committee is causing him many problems and many people are going to ask questions about his role on the Digital vibes tender.
The analyst says, Opposition parties are going to make a bargain in this regard, but if we say it’s going to get a lot of pressure.
You have to see that something is wrong here.
I have a case to answer.
I’m going to get out of my situation now.
People will respect this and I think the ANC should permit this and encourage this to happen.
Not only with Mkhize, and all its members facing serious charges because it is the only way they will clarify the party’s name and revive the integrity of the citizens, if they appear to be carrying out this law.
Not only if he was found guilty, although there is clear evidence that there were faults.
But I think that is important and the president must take it locusts.
Dr Dale Mckinely in Mkhize’s appearance before the Committee.
Political analyst Ngk Dale Mckinley says the absence of Public Health Minister Ngk Zweli Mkhize before the Phote slog Health Committee is causing him many problems and many people are going to ask questions about his role on the Digital vibes tender.
Mkhize is accused of having a conflict of interest that she has produced from the approximately $ 100 million tender that her department has given to the telecommunication company.
The Special Inquiry Institute is examining an unpredictable tender linked with the National Health Programme and governments in response to the coronavirus pandemic.
Mkhize has failed to appear before the Parliamentary Photeesterol Committee in the field of Health, with the advice of her lawyers.
Ngk Zweli Mkhize is expected not to appear before the Photefolio Committee of the Parliament of Health.
The Chairperson of the Committee, Sibongiseni Dhlomo, says it is a law that Mkhize should not appear before the committee.
I had a phone discussion with Ngk Mkhize last night.
Opposition agencies on the Photefolio Committee in Health have expressed regret over Mkhize ’ s absence
Ngk Sibongusin Dhlomo in the appearance of Minister of Health Tona Mkhize before the Parliament Committee:
Opposition agencies are uncomfortable with Mkhize’s activities.
They disagree with the ANC position that the case should not be handled publicly after the DA opened the case at the Cape Town police station against Mkhize and General Instructor, Sandile Buthelezi.
The DA has opened a criminal case against Dr Zweli Mkhize.
Members of the EEF Parliament, Ngk Suzan Thembekwayo and Naledi Chirwa, say the ANC situation in this regard is an indication that the committee cannot find fault with the minister.
This was a clear indication that as a committee we cannot speak in one voice to bring a big national department to account, says Thembekwayo.
So, we can’t talk about the matter because the case against the minister has been opened, what happens if the NPA brings the case to court?
Are we going to be held until it is over?
The ANC faithful, Ivy Gcina, was preserved at Gqeberha in the Eastern Cape.
His funeral service was held at the house on the Feather Market grounds.
The 84-year-old woman died last Thursday after a long illness.
He had received a special official funeral from President Cyril Ramaphosa
The funeral of the ANC attorney Mme Ivy Gcina continues at the Feather Market Hall in Gqeberha.
This 84-year-old woman was tortured last Thursday after a long illness.
He served as a member of the ANC Parliament from 1994 to 2004
Gcina has served as a member of the ANC Parliament from 1994 until her resignation.
He also worked on various programs of women’s organizations during the apartheid.
He served on the Port Elizabeth Black Civic organisation Women’s Committee and was the first chairman of the Port Elizabeth Women’s League.
He was also the leader of the United Democratic Front in the region.
In his time, he was arrested and persecuted many times.
Her family remembers her as an intelligent and courageous woman.
His grandson, Lato Gcina, says they have learned a lot from him.
It hurts us that we are not able to be with you during your infirmity.
We will miss your grandmother, your soul and strength are alive to each of us, and in the lives that you touched with love, wisdom, ability and beauty of your soul.
We love you grandmother, you were a special woman.
Thank you for your self-sacrifice and everything you did for us.
Mama Gcina lost three of her sons in the fighting when they served as theensikhonto weSorti soldiers when her daughter died from a natural disaster.
ANC loyalist Ivy Gcina, who is fighting against the apartheid system, the PEWO leader, stands for our people despite persecution, beatings, chokings, shutdown by the Security Department.
He lost his children in his struggle for membership.
Miserable.
[ Picture Credit Line on page 20 ]
He has encouraged members of the ANC to follow these beliefs.
We look at someone who is really special, it’s the kind of person we want to see in the African National Congress.
A person of dignity, a person of identity, a person of responsibility, a dedicated member of the African National Congress
We should all follow these people, people who knew it wasn’t, but it’s about the country’s future.
Minister of Defense and General Assembly nosiviwe Mapisa-Nqakula has commended Mme Gcina as a loyal, hero of the liberation struggle.
He says many people have been hurt by telling someone who has dedicated his life to fight for the issue.
He always took the lead in fighting other heroes in the National Party policy.
He was not hindered by the brutality of the nationalistic security of the colonial government.
He was not afraid, despite the enforcement of the laws made by the state during the apartheid.
Mama Gcina leaves her two brothers and six grandchildren.
The Democratic Alliance (DA) accuses Minister of Health Zweli Mkhize as well as the Deputy General of the department (DG) Sandile Buthelezi of belittling part of the parliament.
Tona was expected to appear before the Photee Health Committee on Friday.
The minister told the Photefolio Health Committee that he had been advised by the lawyers not to appear before the committee to negotiate a $ 100 million contribution to Digital vibes, when his General Director said he was advised not to sign in the concrete assignment.
This is after a member of the DA Parliament,Siviwe Gwarube, opened the case against the two in Cape Town at the police station.
Gwarube’s fellow worker, Evelyn Wilson, has rejected the African National Congress (ANC) position to make the case insidious, to look for answers.
It was not brought before the court.
The point has not yet been heard in court and DG has agreed to come to this assembly.
We should remember one thing if we are not responsible to Minister or DG, they are responsible to us, says Wilson.
Digital vibes contract: DA holds responsible for vandalism against Dr Zweli Mkhize
Siviwe Gwarube says that the ANC protects Mkhize
The ANC accuses the DA of speeding up a case against Mkhize and Buthelezi regarding the Digital vibes tender assignment.
ANC Parliament member Kenneth Jacobs criticizes Gwarube for not being able to reason on the matter.
I want to emphasize that the members have rushed to open the case of destruction, so General Director and Minister have the right to do what they do to ensure that they do not interfere with their constitutional rights, says Jacobs.
Crime charges: accusations of an uncertain contract between the Ministry of Health and the Digital vibes
The late Ivy Gcina was hailed as a hero of the liberation struggle.
The minister of Defense and Army Officials, nosiviwe Mapisa-Nqakula, spoke at the funeral of the lockdown member, Ivy kim kim Gcina, at his seat in Gqeberha, the Eastern Cape, on Friday.
Gcina has been given the official funeral of the 2nd Special Class by President Cyril Ramaphosa.
Published: Service at the funeral of the ANC strugglegle for the ANC Ivy NAS Gcina.
Mapisa-Nqakula says many of the hurt people are going to order the person who has dedicated his life to struggle.
He was always at the forefront of his fight against the insidious policy of the National Party.
84-year-old Gcina has worked in many institutions during the war with the apartheid government including Port Elizabeth Black Civic Organisation ( PEBCO).
He was the first chairman of the women’s Port Elizabeth ( PEWO).
He had joined the African National Congress (ANCYL) Youth League during the 1950s and had served in Parliament as Parliament member of the African National Congress from 1994 to 2004 when he resigned.
The funeral of the brother-in-law at the outskirts in Gqeberha, in the Eastern Cape, is held on Friday morning.
Gcina has been given a special official funeral for the 2nd class by President Cyril Ramaphosa.
Political analyst Ivor Sarakinsky says President Cyril Ramaphosa had to decide against the Minister of Health Dr Zweli Mkhize as he faced serious crimes.
Sarakinsky says the President has not dealt with this fact in a very specific way.
There have been accusations of Mkhize’s fruitfulness from a R 150 million-dollar tender assignment given to the telecommunication company, Digital vibes.
Sarakinsky says Ramaphosa finds himself in a difficult situation because Mkhize is a doctor and knows what should be done with the COVID-19 pandemic.
Minister Mkhize has made things difficult for President Ramaphosa because in some cases of disgraceful democracy, the profit is that the minister resigns his duty with a view to protecting and taking corrective measures.
So it’s a job to do.
And if that were true in South Africa, we would have had changes in the embarrassing cabinet that appear in media surveys and at the Zondo Commission.
Ramaphosa dealt with the charges.
On Wednesday, President Cyril Ramaphosa said he did not deal with Mkhize’s charges and the $ 100 million contract to Digital vibes.
Pressure is increasing from the DA and other agencies for Mkhize to resign or be removed by Ramaphosa.
The President said the accusations are serious and should be thoroughly investigated by law enforcement agencies and that the proper administration will follow when the investigation is concluded.
Mkhize is expected to appear before the Parliament Health Committee on Friday.
Meanwhile, Mkhize will appear before the Parliament Health Committee on Friday morning to answer the accusations of her involvement in a contract assignment to Digital vibes.
The Chairperson of the National Assembly Committee and the Chairperson of the Chairperson Cedrick Frolick have assured SABCs that Mkhize will appear before the committee.
Frolick says he received an official application for Mkhize’s appearance before the Health Committee on Friday morning.
Frolick says a private meeting with Mkhize and the Parliament and Health Committee will be held at 8 o ’ clock on Friday morning.
Democratic Alliance (DA) Deputy Minister of Health, Siviwe Gwarube, has charged with vandalism against Mkhize at the Kapa City police station.
He has charged with violating the Act of National Funding Control against the general director of the Department of Health Dr. Sandile Buthelezi.
The DA blames for vandalism against Dr Zweli Mkhize.
A short-term provincial committee in the African National Congress (ANC) has explained that it will take action against members who face criminal cases without being suspended.
The committee held discussions and press in Bloemfontein on the profits of its first assembly that was held earlier this week.
Deputy director Paseka Nompondo says there are three members involved.
In the meantime, I will say there are three of them involved and we are already in contact with them this morning, We are facing this fact, government officials who have appeared in court this morning, the government must work within the framework of the law.
And on our side, as the ANC, those in our position will be suspended today, if it fails, the ANC will do what is right.
The ANC provincial director, Mxolisi dukwana, says members who do not follow the party’s policy will no longer be admitted to the party.
We would like an opportunity to make sure that we are working with members of the ANC.
We have shown that nobody is the hero; members of the ANC are not of nobody, nobody is the supporter of any leader.
A. They are members of the ANC and we must make sure that we find good traits, members of the ANC will always follow the party and not the people.
Mxolisi dukwana has been appointed as the ANC secretary-general of the Interim Provincial Committee of the Free State.
Health Minister Zweli Mkhize will appear before the Parliament Health Committee on Friday morning to answer the allegations of his involvement in the Digital vibes concordat.
The Chairperson of the National Assembly Committee and Chairperson of the Chairperson Cedrick Frolick have affirmed to SABC that Mkhize will appear before the committee.
The pressure continues to increase that President Cyril Ramaphosa has to take action against Mkhize to submit to a R 150 million-dollar telecommunications company, which was uncertain.
The tender was for services linked with the national Health Insurance Index and government response to covid-19.
DA blamed for vandalism against Mkhize
Meanwhile, the Democratic Alliance (DA) activist, Siviwe Gwarube, has convicted Mkhize of vandalism at the police station in the City of Cape Town.
He is also guilty of violating the Public Funding Act against the General director of the Department of Health, Ngk Sandile Buthelezi.
This is after a revelation that Mkhize’s family may have produced from the $ 100 million tender money that his department has distributed to the Digital vibes communications company.
The company employed former Mkhize Family Spokesman, family friend Tahera Mather and former assistant minister, Naadhira Mitha.
DA blamed for vandalism against Dr. Zweli Mkhize
Ramaphosa dealt with the charges.
On Wednesday, President Cyril Ramaphosa faced the charges against Zweli Mkhize and the $ 100 million counterfeit of Digital vibes
There are serious accusations that must be investigated by the SIU and other relevant branches and conclude without delay.
President Cyril Ramaphosa says he has faced accusations against Dr Zweli Mkhize.
The Democratic Alliance (DA) makes an appeal to the State Capture Commission. Ng Ngk Zweli Mkhize takes place quickly.
DA Advocate, Health Minister Siviwe Gwarube, blamed Mkhize on Thursday at the Kapa City police station under the Crime Prevention Act.
Accusations have appeared in connection with Mkhize and the R 150 million telecommunication company Digital vibes.
The DA has filed charges against the Deputy Secretary of State in the department, Ngk Sandile Buthelezi of violations of the Law of Public Funding.
Gwarube says we are opening accounts against Tona Mkhize, accusations have increased over the past few weeks that shudder that Tona may have accidentally signed a Digital vibes contract, which is operated by people she knows and is estimated at $ 100 million.
Our opinion is that this could be against the Black Act and the Crime Prevention.
The Institute of Special Inquiry (SIU) is reviewing this point, they told Scopa that they hope to complete the study by the end of the month.
President Cyril Ramamaphosa has announced that he is also dealing with this fact, saying Mkhize has full cooperation.
However, Gwarube says Mkhize had to be suspended long ago. We realize that the President had failed yesterday to use his leadership position to stop Dr Mkhize while further investigation from the SIU was in store.
We think this isn’t right, we think there’s a change for the minister to continue his work while further investigation is being done.
Mkhize is accused of signing a contract that the directors are accused of being her friends, Tahera Mather and Naadira Mitha, of government communications service.
Only the money that is said has finally produced Mkhize, her family and the families of two directors.
In another case, the Public Protector said he had opened a case of disrespect for the Brooklyn police.
This is after Mkhize failed three times to respect her testimony.
The testimony was sent between February and August.
President Cyril Ramaphosa consults with the media on a variety of subjects to follow his reply, on his President’s resolute 211,201-222
The Office of Public Protectors says it will initiate a legal debate against the minister of Health Zweli Mkhize following failing to respect his proposals, giving evidence and raising generations.
This is because of a study of accusations postponed and / or the failure of his department to apply the recommendations of the Clinical Associate National Task Team report in 2017.
In a warning, the Office of Public Protectors said Mkhize failed to respect the trial three times.
The case will be opened against her at the Brooklyn Hatfield police station, Pretoria this week.
The Office of Public Protectors will launch an administration debate against Ngk Zweli Mkhize.
Meanwhile, Democ artic Alliance (DA) Minister of Health, Siviwe Gwarube, has opened a criminal case against Mkhize at the police station in the City of Cape Town.
After revelations that the Mkhizes family may have yielded results from the $ 100 million telecommunications tender that his department has distributed to the Digital vibes
The contract had to do with the National Health Insurance Programme and government response to coronavirus pandemics.
On Wednesday, President Cyril Ramaphosa said he had handled charges involving Zweli Mkhize and an uncertain $ 100 million of Digital vibes.
There is increasing pressure from the DA and other agencies for Mkhize to resign or be removed by Ramaphosa.
President Cyril Ramaphosa responds to a debate over the President ’ s budget for 2021.2 on Thursday evening
This follows his Wednesday budget address.
The National Assembly has issued a temporary development Committee of part 25 of the 30-day extension of the Constitution to complete its work.
The committee has been given a law-enforcement work to facilitate the development that will permit the globalization, an extension request has been made this week.
Her life ended midnight.
Advocates at the National Assembly, Cedrick Frolick, said this did not change the resolve of the Committee.
So will the committee’s resolution.
The committee will be re-created and it is asked to return with a report at the end of August, although they have asked for an extension of 30 days, we know that the Court will be a rest even if they finish in 30 days, the report will be there and wait for us to return in August.
Parliament was holding public oral hearings by amending the proposal to revise Article 25 of the Constitution.
This follows a request made by the Democratic Alliance (DA) to approve mouthwarnings in the proposed Constitutional Development.
The brief committee that handled the matter has accepted more than 200,000 written complaints.
It is currently conducting a resolution to revise the Constitution to enforce the policy of loss of property without charge.
Now there’s a heated debate in the development process.
Meanwhile, the COSATU workers association says it supports the development and the policy of property deprivation.
The highest law in the world
The Constitution of the South African Republic Is the Law
Article 108 of Parliament 1996
It is the highest law in the world.
So every law that is not consistent with the Constitution does not apply unless even until it is prepared to pass the Constitutional exams.
The Constitution of the Rights in Chapter 2 is still the basis for democracy as outlined in the Constitution.
It is a region that provides the protection of human dignity, the right of life, freedom of expression, equity, freedom of secret, freedom of religion, freedom of faith and thought.
Other freedoms include political rights, freedom of business, employment and education.
However, all rights are within the boundaries
Adjusting most of the Constitution of the Rights requires more than two thirds of the cases.
One example requiring two thirds of bits is a legal statement on property, a statement under Article 25 of the Constitution.
It is under Article 25 that the secular and property policy has been granted.
Meanwhile, the legal declaration is being revised by the temporary committee to amend Article 25 of the Constitution to allow the globalization to be free of charge.
The amendment of Part 25 is now under way of the 18th Amendment Constitution.
This means it’s 18th South African Constitution being revived.
Additional report on Mercedes Besent.
The new member of the African National Congress (ANC) of the Free State Committee (IPC) should trace your project on Thursday.
The company, selected in May, is going to speak with the media later on Thursday morning.
A member of the organization, Tshidiso N Month, says the first profit of the recently held IPC assembly will be expected.
The resolution that addressed the resolution of the Secretary-General Ace Magashule of the Economic Development MEC, Mxolisi dukwana, was employed as Advocate and Prime Minister Sisi Ntombela, as his deputy, has seen the province in the election conference.
The resolution was formed after the party’s party membership dispute defeated the Supreme Court of Appeal that saw the Provincial Executive Committee unlawful and unconstitutional.
Angry members of the Free State of the ANC accept the SCA sentence
Several ANC branches at Mahikeng vow to support Magashule.
Members of the ANC from 35 branches of the Northwestern Cape section have reprimanded the temporary intervention of the Secretary-General Ace Magashule in the party.
His temporary resignation began on May 3.
Magashule has come out with a will and faces charges of corruption, corruption, and illegal loans involving foreign tents issued during his season as Prime Minister of provinces.
ANC members at the Mahikeng region meeting, right after news that Magashule has been suspended.
Members look to Magashule for beauty and corruption.
A young leader in the municipality of the Lower District, Koketso Moiloa, blames the ANC President for Magashule’s position.
The political party of Herman Mashaba, ActionSA has accused the South African Electoral Commission (IEC) of asking for gifts from political parties through the Multi-Paty Democracy Fund.
The fund has been fixed according to the policy of providing funds for the Political Party, which has been implemented in April of this year.
The idea is to raise and donate donated funds from the private sector to represent political parties.
Only two months after its introduction, the Multi-Party Democracy Fund is under the examination fund.
ActionSA explains that the IEC violates constitutional provisions concerning this fund.
It accuses the commission of repeatedly collecting funds for ten political parties at the National Assembly but not including political parties such as ActionSA, which may serve as a representative after the national elections of 2016.
ActionSA has written to the leader of the IEC, Sy Mamabolo and Deputy Chairperson Masego Sheburi that the summation of the funds of the IEC to Multi-Party Democracy is immediately suspended.
The IEC has confessed that it was enthusiastic to ask for funds for the 14 political parties represented at the National Assembly, who have already received billions in the funding collection publicly each year from taxpayers.
It is unbearable that the activities of the IEC are advancing the current political situation especially when South Africans fail to do so, says ActionSA spokesperson LOVE Ngobeni.
Herman Mashaba of ActionSA accuses the IEC of asking for gifts from political parties
Early in the year, the IEC indicated that it was taking steps to further the Ark.
The fund can eliminate corruption by suppressing political parties and those who contribute financially toward publicity.
Democracy is expensive and a private funding department cannot provide funding for political parties, especially under extreme circumstances.
To ensure that we continue to enjoy the enthusiasm, happiness and strong support of many generations we hope that this fund will provide gentle and open the hands so that business companies, people and other organizations can throw funds on other parties without having a direct share with them or trying to express themselves, says IEC Chairperson Janet LOVE.
The party has written to the commission Chairperson and Deputy Chairperson of the CEO, demanding that the fund be exchanged immediately and that the funds sent be returned to its owners.
ActionSA has handed it down to the IEC until Friday, in response to their needs, otherwise they will bring the case to court.
Gavjaana, the commission is still heading for the matter and will be announced in the future.
President Cyril Ramaphosa says he has handled charges concerning Dr Zweli Mkhize, Minister of Health and R 150 million uncertainties.
President Ramaphosa delivered a speech in Parliamentary Resolution:
He says the charges are serious and should be thoroughly investigated by law enforcement agencies.
President Ramaphosa says the procedures are followed when the investigation program is concluded.
The accusations of inconsistencies in the Department of Health are serious and are a test to combat corruption.
Lawson Naidoo, secretary-general of the South African Constitutional Development Council, explains that the accusations of tender dishonesty in the Department of Health are a serious test of combating corruption.
Naidoo says this is a real warning signal to South African society.
This is a real sign to South African society as a whole that the issue is serious.
The point of state devotion, to what extent they are ready to fight corruption.
We will receive the Report from Deputy Chief Justice in three months that explains how we will deal with the government.
But we are going to deal with problems as they keep our eyes fixed on us.
Is there any hope that the charges of Zondo ’ s Commission will be handled before the court of law?
Pressure from the DA.
Pressure is increasing from the Democratic Alliance (DA) and others for Mkhize to resign or be resigned by President Ramaphosa.
Mkhize said investigations in the allegations of her Department’s millions of dollars in concerts found that matters and the communications company, Digital vibes, were uncertain.
Mkhize denies that she participated
Mkhize denies that she has contributed to the uncertain contract of millions of dollars with her Department.
This is after the Special Institute of Investigation found that the interaction between the Department of Health and the communications company,Digital vibes, was uncertain.
The report follows that the Department has paid 150 million Digital Vibes for services related to the national health and government response to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Mkhizes conversation because of Digital vibes:
Mkhize says the funds paid to Digital vibes have been found to be worthless and a financial ruin.
The long-awaited case of the ANC Secretary-General, ACE Magashule who had been suspended for a while is expected to be heard before the end of June.
High Court is expected to hear the case.
Magashule has been suspended for some time after refusing to take sides with the party resolution.
Conversation with ANC Secretary-General suspended for a while, ACE Magashule:
The National Executive Committee has ordered him to apologize publicly to the ANC districts after writing a letter of recommendation to President Cyril Ramaphosa, but he refused to continue the case in court.
ANC National Deployment Committee is going to discuss the ACE Magashule Act.
Magashule has asked for the services of the Chief Council, Advocate Dali Mpofu.
He wants his stand removed.
Magashule ’ s Morals Are Unclear
Last week, Ramaphosa described Magashule’s behavior as frightening and incomprehensible.
ANC spokesperson Pule Mabe said the party’s constitution was being revoked.
The party is not in trouble.
Unfortunately, the ANC Constitution has been brought to trial.
The party has already issued a statement stating that it will have an opposition to the application of the Secretary-General.
As long as the courts are pursued in the manner they are pursued, the ANC must protect itself and its Constitution and also protect and defend its decisions.
Pule Mabe speaks of the Magashule court decision and the conduct of other key members of the ANC in Damascus’s trial.
◯fu has the right to perform his duties in a professional manner
Meanwhile, some have questioned Jahfu’s decision to represent Magashule and President Jacob Zuma in his case of corruption.
EFF leader Julius Malema says Kwfu has the right to perform his duties in a professional manner, without fear and the party will not interfere in his private activity.
Any EFF doctor can check on Jacob Zuma if he is sick; they have taken a job vow and we must permit it.
We can’t say to the doctor, if Zuma is sick, you can’t check her, she will be opposed to her resolve.
The same is true of legal counsel.
We should let them do their work without political interference; we should respect their social responsibilities.
We cannot say that the EFF treasurer will not be able to import the ANC literature; that would be a pressure on them personally and in a professional manner.
We will end up telling people who they are dating and who they are not.
Let people do their professional activities
When it comes to politics, Dali does his work fearlessly; when it comes to his province, he does not ask for permission from us.
EFF says it doesn’t comment on who is the lawyer.
Dali Mpofu is a court representative.
President Cyril Ramaphosa raises the budget for his office.
His plan is being fulfilled at a time when he is under pressure to dismiss Zweli Mkhize, the Minister of Health as more accusations are raised concerning the Digital vibes tender.
On Tuesday, other political opposing parties have charged the African National Congress (ANC) in Parliament to raise gentle questions and to express their views on the Law of Disaster Control.
They said Parliament doesn’t have a talk in the banning process.
Some have asked which part is played by Parliament to ensure that Mkhize responds to the Digital vibes tenders
Political parties will debate the President’s budget, and he will respond on Thursday.
President Cyril Ramaphosa removes the budget for his offices at the National Assembly
Minister of Health Zweli Mkhize argued about contributing to a contract of millions by his Department
After the Special Institute of Investigation found that the Ministry of Health Communication Committee’s discussions were uncertain, Digital vibes.
It follows a newspaper report that the department has paid $ 150 million for services related to national health insurance and government response to the COVID-19 pandemic.
President Ramaphosa awaits the SIU Report on unprovoked accusations about Digital vibes
President Cyril Ramaphos will announce the budget of his office in Parliament gomipieno during the day.
The following are the administration of Parliament.
The Democratic Alliance (DA) has questioned part of Parliament in charging Dr Zweli Mkhize, Minister of Health, to be responsible for the charges of an uncertain contract to the communications crisis, Digital vibes.
Opposition parties have charged members of the African National Congress (ANC) parliament with defending the Parliament, which has been revealed during the hearing of the Parliament budget.
Opposition agencies say ANC members ask ministers and deputy members find simple questions, but others do not answer written questions.
They have expressed concern over the law of disaster order that Parliament does not have a speech in the penalty.
DA Parliamentary member Jacques Julius says, while members of the ANC can also play its part in encouraging the Parliament to take responsibility.
We can do our work with this realism. The good point they can start is that it asks reasonable questions whether they are written on the floor or in the vernacular.
Accusations of inconsistency between the Ministry of Health and Digital vibes:
Meanwhile, the pressure is high on President Cyril Ramaphosa to expel Mkhize, when there are further accusations against Tona.
Digital vibes, a company that has been awarded a contract to work connected with the National Health Insurance (NHI) and the response to the COVID-19 pandemic, isly paid to support the permanent residence of Mkhize’s family.
The company is also charged with sending a total of $ 200,000 to all, a company that Mkhize son is its director.
SIU looks at a contract between the Digital vibes and the Department of Health.
The National Assembly Speaker Thandi Modise has insisted that the Pan African Parliament, which is in Midrand, Johannesburg, is the African Union’s concordat, so the Institute’s laws must be applied.
The Pan African Parliament has been suspended after parliament members have caused chaos on three consecutive days.
Members have needed to maintain a united policy of elections and Southern groups encouraging a change in leadership process like that of the African Union when Eastern and West parties are opposed.
Confusion in PAP today.
Modise delivered a symposium for the National Assembly.
He says South Africa is expecting the PAP to follow laws.
We welcome PAP as a country, with our members waiting for us at the institution, we need to take good interest in the PAP work, especially in matters that are not going the way in PAP.
SA is always finding faults. It doesn’t matter whether we are guilty or not, but in reality we haven’t played our part as well as the receptionists and we are correcting it.
Members of the ANC Parliament criticize confusion.
ANC Parliament member, Bhekizigaba Radebe, condemns confusion and hurdles.
South Africa is the capital of the PAP, and it has representatives who are members of Parliament.
Radebe says events from Midrand can make the continent unresponsive.
What happened in the PAP was disappointing indeed, but it should be rebuked for such behavior to be shown worldwide.
How will other parts of the world treat us if we are able to treat each other this way?
Malema asks for an Austrian intervention.
Economic Freedom Fighters (EFF) leader, Julius Malema, says the African Union needs to intervene in areas recently raised by the Pan African Parliament (PAP) in Midrand, Johannesburg.
Malema, who attended the convention, explained that the events were disappointing.
This argument is strong.
People have different opinions.
We have stopped the assembly to discuss these matters further.
We hope there will be a solution and our proposal is to bring in a delegation to intervene and conduct elections.
There are two letters from aure that the KA-Lai workers refuse to respond to and debates over letters from aure.
So if another person from Australia comes to guide us, we can all cooperate.
African National Congress Women League (ANCWL) says it has been disappointed by the incident of gender-related violence that took place in the Pan-American Parliament (PAP) on Monday.
Djibril War of Senegal, appearing on the camera kicking ANC parliament member, Pemmy Majidina during a controversy.
In a caution, the ANCWL says, Cde Pemmy, openly described the incident and said he tried to intervene and stop the hand-to-hand conflict between two leaders men, but he found himself beaten and his dignity undermined in the public.
As the ANCWL we condemn the actions of Djibrils, but we are deeply disappointed that a leader of his position in the community could violate a woman in such a manner.
ANCWL members will be standing outside the Pan-American Parliament because of Majodinas attack.
They appeal to the PAP to stop the war.
Majodina was ready to open the case against Senegal’s representative.
However, he changed his feelings after War apologized.
Senegal’s PAP member appeals to the Majodina profession.
Democratic Alliance (DA) says thus far, 50,000 people have signed an appeal against the Reformation Constitution.
The Opinion of the Act can, if legalized, prohibit the giving of a gun license in cases of personal protection.
It will also reduce the number of guns that one person can own.
The DA disagrees with this Constitution and appeals to many people to sign their appeal.
DA’s police spokesperson, Andrew Whitfield, says a handguns in the law is another way that South Africans can protect themselves.
The DA acknowledges that the amended policy of gun control is one of the most cruel features of the policy they have experienced for a long time.
Basically the constitution intends to remove the defense as a reason for possession of a gun.
The DA acknowledges that in social unrest as in South Africa, this is uncertain and unreasonable.
The DA is also concerned about the concern of shooting companies as well as private security and the deliberate Obstacles to the Constitution, explains Whitfield.
The Congress of the People (COPE) is also against this Act and says it will influence other Opposition parties to act against it.
party spokesperson, Dennis Bloem, says all South Africans have a right to protect themselves.
This development is embarrassing and mad
This constitution makes no sense when it says no gun license is granted with a view to defending itself.
It is evident that this government does not take the lives of its citizens seriously.
Flowered criminals will harass law-abiding citizens more than before, explains Bloem.
The state says the proposed legislation will help reduce vandalism.
Former African National Congress (ANC) President, Thabo Mbeki says, the movement should be aware of members who join the party in an effort to advance their own selfish interests.
He spoke at the ANC Provincial Council Council of Chief Executive (PEC) in the Eastern Cape.
The ANC PEC’s three-day convention was focused on defiling the party.
Mbeki says greedy living has corrupted the ANC and has divided it from its responsibility to improve the lives of the poor.
Because we haven’t been talking about a matter raised by former President Nelson Mandela in 1997 about greedy living, we haven’t been able to handle that fact.
If we say the revival, would you revive the ANC and those greedy people, and the answer was that it would not make sense, explains Mbeki.
The former ANC president of Comrade Thabo Mbeki has first arrived at the three-day addition to the PEC convention that begins today.
Former Public Enterprises Minister, Malusi Gigaba, has denied the State Investigation Commission that she has received cash bags from the Gupta family.
Gigaba continues testifying after being accused of several allegations, including his wife, Nomachule, by agreeing with the family in which you are being discussed.
He explains that his wife, who is on the road to separation, tries to find him fault with their separation.
If he was there, and you have seen that I was given money, it means that he is also involved in this crime.
So, if he was directed in his affidafit, he would not see a case of money or if he was given the money, he only saw it in the middle and thought it came from Gupta, says former Minister.
I couldn’t tell the chairman his intentions.
The fact that he didn’t see when I was given money or I took it to the car and tried to insert security is because there was no such money, explains Gigaba.
The commission listens to evidence involving Gupta.
Gigaba continued to refute all the accusations against her that her wife had made.
The former minister has challenged Nomachule’s testimony at the commission regarding former chairman of the South African Airways (SAA). Dudu Myeni, that he gave him orders from President Jacob Zimbabwe.
Gigaba also rejected his wife’s testimony that Myeni at some point had threatened to bring her back to her seat of the Ministry of Internal Affairs, a lower position, if she did not follow orders.
The meeting will continue on Tuesday.
It will hear a testimony involving Prasa from two employees of the Rail Agency, including the Legal Department Head, Martha Ngoye.
The former chief executive of Transnet, Gary Pita, will stand up and testify to the company.
The trial will begin at 3pm.
Former Public Enterprises Minister, Malusi Gigaba continues to debate all allegations against her at the State Capture Commission in Johannesburg, made by his wife, Noma.
Gigaba also argued with her speeches at the commission on the fact that the former chairman of SAA Dudu Myeni had given her instructions from President Jacob Zimbabwe.
I would look like a fool if I said I didn’t understand why and Myeni was seated because I was a Minister when he was appointed.
We have asked the Kabinet to hire a new board and to accept his appointment as chairman as one of those responsible for the previous meeting by Tona Hogan.
Last week, Gigaba rejected the accusations made by his wife that he had business dealings with the Guptas.
Gigaba recalls going several times to the Gupta office, Sahara Computers in Johannesburg to receive invitations.
He insisted that he had social and cultural ties only with those of the Guptas and not with business matters.
Gigaba told Deputy Chief Justice Raymond Zondo that he continued meeting with the Guptas even after his appointment as Tona.
Building strong ties with political parties, the media and other participants are marks of success for the Independent Commission of elections (IEC) in the Western Cape.
This is according to clergyman Courtney sampson of the IEC Provincial Chairperson for 22 years.
Sampson retired at the beginning of this month.
He dropped his first education at 38 years of age
After five years, he was elected to serve as chairman of an agency that faced the elections in the country.
Meanwhile, former President Thabo Mbeki is expected to make warnings about the assembly and the upheaval of the party.
He will share in the ANC confirmation as an international organization.
ANC PEC spokesperson, Loyiso Mag reforela, says the assembly will highlight the heritage of the founder to assist the following now.
To confirm the point of the adjustment and the assembly, we must take the wisdom of those taking the lead in the past so that the adjustment can be properly directed.
Today you can understand that the ANC is under pressure from left to right and middle.
Now the new adjustment project will be important.
We want to put more emphasis on the authority and leadership of the ANC in the community, says Mag financela.
She says on Monday the organization will talk to different officials to listen to their concerns.
On May 21201 Political Advocate Dr. L Lembyo Dondolo said the ANC needs a purgatory solution to renew the movement.
He says, the organization can revive confidence after current solutions, only to a great extent they will need to work hard.
This comes after the Eastern Cape ANC speaks of taking the wisdom of former leaders, including Mbeki to participate at the three-day committee meeting that is currently taking place.
The involvement of former leaders such as Thabo Mbeki, leaders who have been discovered to have a legal tradition in the way of defiling the movement, is a short-lived strategy that the ANC uses to win candidates’ hearts but that the ANC needs permanent strategies, with this short-lived solution, to win elections in certain municipalities, and there are certain cities where they have a hard competition from some political parties, he adds.
African National Congress (ANC) has called the three-day enlarged district council (PEC) meeting at the East London International Convention Centre in the Eastern Cape.
The former ANC President, Thabo Mbeki, is expected to raise a warning against the party’s upheaval.
We will bring all concerned under one place because, what matters to us is that “ the people are their concerns in front of the leaders, so that if they make warnings the former President will have the opportunity to speak to others and try to respond to the points they can make.
African National Congress (ANC) Deputy secretary-general, Jessie Duarte says, against negative feelings, the objective of the first step aside is not to look at the same person.
His talk came after the general writer Ace Magashule spoke to the high court in Johannesburg asking to expose the constitution and to set aside the resolution.
He was suspended after refusing to retire.
Magashule faces a number of charges of fraud, corruption, the financial system connected with unacceptable claims of over $ 100 million in a roof asabetes contract.
Magashule was given 48 hours to make a public apology to the ANC branches, after writing a resignation letter to the Society’s President Cyril Ramaphosa.
He is speaking at the ninth ANC conference in the North Cape in Namakwa, Duarte said the decision faced those who had been charged with serious crimes.
Comrade John Block when he was found guilty, did not hesitate to step aside.
Comrade Marius Fransman, “ I can continue, a long list).
Comrade Pallo Jordan stands out.
Comrade Mdu Manana has moved aside.
The problem is not that of a particular individual but that is where the problem is.
The main issue is the ANC resolution.
The general secretary suspended from ANC Ace Magashule takes the ANC to court.
ANC Chairperson in the Northern Cape, Dr Zamani Saul, who is expected to continue with the work, has rebuked members of the National Executive Committee (NEC) who fail to take their decisions seriously and fulfill their duties directly.
In recent weeks members of the ANC NEC have released their convention publications to the media and the community, which Saul views as a corrupted ideology.
Speaking of the ninth provincial election conference in Namakwa, Saul said the ANC NEC has the responsibility to support the leadership of all ANC and national institutions.
We are not afraid to see arguments and weapons in the NEC; we can’t have political breakdown.
We have members who have changed the NEC and the NWC fine new commercialism that publishes NEC discussions, and they are selecting those that they are activating to the community and the media.
This comrades are dangerous politics, but to be sure, they must be halted.
Zamani says the ANC should reinstate its defective image: Delegate kidnappings.
Cults opposing Saul in the Gaetsewe region have accused the ANC of stealing members.
The ANC Conference was postponed on Friday night.
It was supposed to be the last district conference, before the next week.
Saul, also prime minister of the North Cape, says the provincial headquarters committee will meet on Saturday to discuss further matters.
All branches have not yet been registered because there are institutions that were sent to the provincial writer and not according to the secretary ’ s district.
party member Jerry Leserwane says; they want to steal branches and representatives.
Additional report by Reginal Witbooi.
People flocked to survive after the death of the faithful, 84-year-old Ivy premiere Gcina of the ANC.
The ANC of the Nelson Mandela Bay region has described his death as a terrible plague in the organization.
He had joined the ANC Youth League in the 1950s and was actively involved in riots and protest against black education.
He led the women’s committee, after the formation of Port Elizabeth Black Civic Organisation ( PEBCO) and was also appointed the first chairperson of Port Elizabeth Women ’ s organisation ( PEWO).
Grief-stricken people were visiting the Gcina home to bring relief.
Among them are former combatants; such as Benson Fyti, Nceba and Litho Jensen.
It’s also true that we’ve lost three boys in the struggle, two in the battle, the third in captivity.
All his boys were members of Umkhonto we Sigaba.
The ANC is in his province saying his heritage will not be forgotten.
Nceba Faku, who is a member of the ANC region and a member of the ANCWL NEC, speaks of her involvement in the struggle for membership.
All his children are tormented in exile and were vital in the fight against oppression, a tragic loss he was eighty years old, his wisdom will not be forgotten, says Faku.
He is a lover of people, he wanted to change people’s lives and bring liberties to women, he loved the ANC and the ANCWL, it was a sad loss to our organization, says Sihlwayi.
It’s not good for her, but it’s not good for her, but it’s good for her.
The family spokesperson is Andile Hashe, she says she lived for the ANC.
The only thing he knew and lived was the ANC. He loved each of us, let his soul sleep in peace.
Gcina was a member of parliament after the 1994 election and retired in 2004
He will be buried next week on Saturday.
Report on Lwando Nomoyi.
Parliament celebrated the 25th constitutional year.
The last constitution was adopted in December 1996 and went into effect in January 198.
Parliament was holding a meeting today to remind itself of its customs and rules.
It is credited as a good constitution of the world and strong for human rights and dignity following the years of colonization and discrimination, South Africa’s Apex brotherhood comes with a variety of answers.
Twenty-five years since the adoption of the constitution of South Africa, the constituents of the country still disagree with its value.
Although most political parties have described the success of their achievements, others view it as a tool of oppression and loss of property.
The two Parliament halls held a hearing to commemorate 25 years of constitutional recognition.
In 1996 the Parliament of South Africa held a General Assembly to adopt its new constitution.
At the platform at which it is spoken, the former vice president of the country has been presenting the address of a noted document.
For two and a half years, the majority of South Africans are afraid of what they call the living shape of their hopes and aspirations.
A tool of freedom.
As a result of the debate, the minister of international relations and cooperation Naledi pandor, hails those who have taken part in drawing the constitution of the country.
He praised the African National Congress (ANC) leaders, such as the late Zola Skweyiya and Jugend Asmal, for their significant role.
pandor says party leaders; such as King Mangosuthu Buthelezi, James Selfe of the Democratic Alliance (DA), Kenneth Meshoe of the African Christian Democratic Party (ACDP) also played a useful role.
pandor, who has participated in this joint debate, says it’s linking the people of the country in a way that the other party can’t bring them together.
Those who have formed our constitution number into the millions.
Not just those attending the constitutional assembly.
Not just for a few.
It is our freedom tool to honor Kwame Nkrumah, Patrice Lumumba, Sekou Turin.
We in parliament and government, we play a key role in honoring men and women and millions of others.
We must continue to make sure that public service conditions are honorable to pandor.
Looking back on 25 years of constitutional constitution, the political parties of South Africa are now celebrating.
Some of the foremost legislators in the country were still young when the constitution was ratified.
And you see them holding it up loud.
One of them, DA Natasha Mazzone’s headquarters, says those who want to criticize this incident are being ignored.
He said it was the duty of all members of parliament who once vowed to support the Constitution.
So it is very important that if the date is condemned, we should view it as a subversive plan.
We cannot afford to have high-ranking politicians to make claims that the Constitution is neglected or unreasonable, or even worse than that it will not affect their work.
We must have one pressure on these languages, and we must have the power to take them to their right place in prison to say Mazzone
Although Buthelezi has handed the leadership of the IFP party to the new leaders, the younger ones continue to be seen by most of his members as a politician whose reminders are respected.
He says although he was not pleased with some of the constitutional provisions, he is pleased with the part that his party played in its composition.
EFF criticizes the Constitution.
Economic Freedom Fighters (EFF) says the Constitution of South Africa has done nothing to undo black pressure.
The Society says, indeed, they have protected those who have produced from human oppression, while millions of blacks still live in extreme poverty.
EFF Chairperson Ntombovuyo Mente says the party will not rest until the Constitution is amended to allow abduction to take place without pay.
It traces the same behavior between the demands of the lives of many who have been deprived and the interests of the few who are deprived.
It reflects on the world and on you, the victims living in peace with the persecutors seeing, without even finding justice, and accepting past mistakes.
It means recognizing the injustices we have committed in the past and also protecting those who have committed these injustices and their offspring.
How have governments and South Africa upheld constitutional values?
The brochure was written to provide information on a variety of ways that gifts may be made either now or through a bequest at death.
Mapisa-Nqakula is accused of receiving gifts and money worth five million from the South African national security guard (SANDF).
The UN Democratic Movement (UDM) leader, Bantu Homisa, has brought allegations to the committee, claiming that someone has given him information.
Mapisa-Nqakula has written the committee to refute the charges.
However, the co-Chairperson of the committee Elleck Nchabeleng says they need more information from the minister and the person who has presented the news.
We start by working and finding time to talk with the minister so we can get his answers.
But then we might ask questions.
We need information, such as a statement or a vow, at least we know that someone has written something in us.
We need something that comes from this person.
Holomisa refers to Minister Mapisa-Nqakula in five million embarrassing cases.
On April, Democratic Alliance (DA) called President Cyril Ramaphosa to set up an urgent investigation on charges that Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp Mp
The Society says; he should be suspended without pay, yet the results are still in store.
The DA’s minister of defense Kobus Marais says the evidence has been handed over to the united security committee, and they provide a minimum of five reasons for which it can no doubt be referred to Mapisa-Nqakula.
There is pressure from the DA and others that the minister of health Zweli Mkhize either resign or be resigned by President Cyril Ramaphosa.
The national health ministry tells the media about the unacceptable Digital vibes contract. A special investigation committee is investigating allegations that the health department has paid the Digital vibes 150 million services related to the national health insurance and government response to the COVID-1 pandemic.
Accusations of an uncertain contract between the Health Department and Digital vibes.
Political analyst of the uncertain tessa Dooms raised questions about the truths Mkhize did after she denied her involvement in the uncertain assignment of many millions of her department.
Tahera Mather, former Mkhize personal lawyer and former assistant Naadhira Mitha, are to operate the Digital vibes institution, although both find it unreported.
Doom says it’s hard to believe Mkhize, since she argued in the media.
It is hard to believe her when she has opposed herself at a press conference.
He said he didn’t know. Until it came time for him to know that he had participated in arranging assemblies with him, to be able to do paid work, so he realized on one occasion.
But it would be a higher guarantee that the conditions of the work should be carried out in his office and that he should not have some idea of it.
Additional report to Risha Maduray.
Justice Raymond Zondo, chairman of the government commission in Johannesburg, says President Cyril Ramaphosa will appear before the commission later in June
Ramaphosa will appear as the president of the country.
His former appearance was the president of the African National Congress (ANC).
Ramaphosa was scheduled to give a testimony just the following week and will no longer do so.
Zondo says he will announce another date in June, and the President will appear on you.
Ramaphosa will be the final document to give verbal testimony to a commission that avoids ending before they begin to make a report.
State Capture Inquiry: 25 May 2021
Last month Ramaphosa appeared before the commission as the ANC President.
He also has to make comments to shut down as president of the state.
On Tuesday, the commission chairperson, Deputy Chief Justice Raymond Zondo, said they had hoped to end the testimony at the end of March, and they did carefully to make this possible.
He said he would make hearings as best he could and would appeal to a limited court to conclude the Commission Report.
Zondo said it was important that high-ranking officials in governmental institutions (SO Es Esas) if there were accusations of corruption and arrest be given time to complete the testimony.
Deputy Chief Justice Zondo said the commission understands the fact that there are applications to stop interrogating.
He argued that the commission could make some misunderstandings, but also some praises could be called.
A legal expert Dr Llewellyn Curlewis refers to the special plea of former President Jacob Zuma, asking that prosecutor, lawyer Billy Downer release himself from his trial of corruption at the Pietermaritzburg court, as a very difficult request.
Zuma and the French arms company, Thales, have declared their innocence on charges of fraud and please at the Pietermaritzburg high court.
The issue is postponed to July 19 so that the debate can be heard by Justice Piet Koen.
Curlewis says the defense department will have to present special claims to the special appeal court for its success.
On Wednesday of this week, Zimbabwe’s legislature, led by lawyer Dali Mpofu, issued a statement in court on the grounds of a special appeal that will be debated on July 19.
Application corresponds to section 106 H of the Criminal Procedure Act
The state will also have the opportunity to present its case in this case, Downer told the court that the private counsel is preparing for the answer because it was the very essence of a special appeal.
The former president of Zimbabwe does not feel guilty.
Isolation and neutrality
Because of a statement read in the court, the Deputy Chief has told the Office that Zuma believes that the Deputy Downer needs independence and balance.
There are reasons and circumstances that convince me that Downer behaved in a way of neutrality and neutrality, which is important in the application of the law.
Downer has failed to uphold the circumstances necessary to protect heresy so that my case will be resolved and carried out in accordance with the Constitution.
Downer has set himself up against me when he filled the afidafiti with the support of a democratic union, a petition to weigh and postpone the NPA decision to end my trial.
Curlewis says judge Piet Koen will be placed in position to hear a special application to account for the charges and the trial as a judge, he says it falls into the procedures.
No, that is not possible.
The first questions began, not to say that the judge in charge is now coming to see the matter come to an end unless there is a basis for recovery that will come later.
Just that is not expected.
When he was given an opportunity to respond to a special request, Thale’s defense led by Justice Barry Roux, he jokingly replied that they were only passengers in the matter.
But she says there is a funeral ahead of her to refute this request.
If a special appeal shows the intention, it is only when the accused can be expected to be legally responsible for the charges, but we will call it the form of the petition, which is either guilty or innocent.
In this case, he did not feel guilty.
It’s not going to get into a special request, one. Jonah, warned in part 106.
In fact 1 H, where they want to remove the country’s pollutionist from the trials.
In the case of lawyer Billy Downer, now in minor cases, will the court have a special application.
But the points raised by Dali jealousy for Zuma are that Billy downer will not have any intention and stand alone in his application in this case, because he once made a vow to replace the Democratic Alliance with a statement in court and as a result, they say he did not stand alone.
Curlewis explains the following service after the judge Koen handed down the verdict, not at the very moment of the special petition.
If the defense is correct with their request for accountability, and the office supports it, I repeat myself, according to what I have seen in our law of newspapers and accounts and the authorities of the matter, they will not succeed, just imagine that they will succeed by continuing to look at a matter at the first court and then being attacked from an ineffable document because of the ineffability of yesterday’s charges if someone spoke mainly of 106 rather than of 106.
A petition of 1H, I am dealing with the petitions for “ I am guilty ” or “ I am guilty ” and this time, “ I am guilty, the court must announce its accomplishment after this petition. Only the court can do that, so the matter will continue after 19th.
For the next few days, the NPA (NPA) State Capture Problem will answer on June 2.
Zuma’s Legal Group is expected to be the heads of their debate on 5 July, while the NPA will follow on 12 July.
A special recourse is scheduled for the month of July 19.
Zuma speaks to her supporters after her appearance in court on Wednesday.
The cabinet expressed concerns about the COVID-19 infection increase in fears that the country is in the third wave.
The state is examining the positive response to the growing number of infections with President Cyril Ramaphosa, who is expected to communicate with the nation immediately.
On Wednesday, the Department of Health over 4,600 new infections and over 56,000 COVID-19 deaths.
The number of infections continues to rise over the last few days.
When he spoke on the profits of the cabinet assembly held on Wednesday, the minister of meat arrested Khumbudzo Ntshaeni said, they still negotiate a positive government response to the pandemic.
The country started with a second-grade vaccination plan and people over the age of 60 will see the first opportunity to be helped.
And with thousands of them already registered, Ntshaeni says they will have to wait a bit before they can rise.
He says the vaccination of those who have registered depends on the availability of vaccines in their provinces.
In the case of the corruption of the 150 million Digital vibes contract and the enormous health pressure that Dr Zweli Mkhize is under which he resigns, Minister Ntshaeni says they take the charges of corruption seriously, the case has not been condemned in the cabinet.
He says the Kabinet is expecting the possibility of what should happen to the Gauteng e-tolls, we look at the monetary vows during the provincial improvement program.
The Democratic Alliance (DA) in Johannesburg has voiced complaints about delaying the reopening of the Charlotte Maxeke hospital in Johannesburg after it was burned last month.
The fire started at a health-care facility and spread to other parts of the hospital.
Gauteng Prime Minister David Makhura addresses the press outside the hospital.
The DA Health MEC in Johannesburg, Jack Bloom, says other patients who are instructed to use other nearby hospitals have not yet received medical attention because there are so many people in need of assistance.
According to the Department there are some features that are safe.
I feel that it is very important to know
And the hospital management is waiting for a safety certificate from the JHB mayor, says Bloom.
Meanwhile, I receive tremendous calls from patients, especially cancer patients and kidney patients (dialysis) unacceptable.
People tell me they have tried just different lines and don’t get help.
It’s a problem because we look at the third wave.
The problem with the closure of the hospital is that patients are being taken to other overcrowded hospitals and we should also be aware of what is happening to hospitals; explain Boom
Below are a complete interview with Jack Bloom
Former President Jacob Zuma has told all who have authority in the justice process to give up prejudice because of wanting to interrogate themselves politically.
He says if the South African judges demand respect from him and his family, they will have to do what is right with his trial of corruption.
Zuma spoke to and supported several of her members who met in Pietermaritzburg after an appearance of fraud and corruption.
The president says he wants to have a hearing near its end soon.
I wish the law could stop discrimination, because it becomes a practice for the justice system to take sides.
Let’s not go to the end, so we can respect the law.
If those in authority don’t respect us, we will honor them.
Zuma says she is innocent.
Zuma and the French weapons company Thales are facing fraud, corruption, and corruption and the illegal system of billions of dollars in weapons.
Inquisition postponed in July 19
SABC political negotiator Mwandile Mbeje gave a hearing.
The Interim Provincial Committee (IPC) of the African National Congress (ANC) in the North West Province has ordered five members to stand aside.
Members from the village of Tsetse outside Mahikeng are concerned with the 11 in serious charges including attempted murder.
One of them is the member secretary, while others are state officials.
ANC IPC provincial coordinator, Hlomane Chauke, says five of the accused have already received letters to inform them of the decision.
Chauke says, according to the convention resolution and directives, we have already discussed with five Committees that they need to take sides in the activities of the organization.
So we discuss with them on the grounds of 257, that they need to take sides in ANC activities.
SABC reporter Patrick Dintwa has much to say on the subject.
On Wednesday, the South African Communist movement (SACP) in Limpopo has encouraged all members of the ANC who have been affected by the step of taking a stand for obedience to the law.
According to the organization, only one of the eight ANC members in Limpopo are concerned, heard the plea, while others have been supported by the announcement of the stance.
The SACP says the whole country hopes that they will obey the law.
Last week, the ANC secretary-general suspended from the work Ace Magashule, put in the papers of the court that violated the Constitutional step of suspending the work.
All leaders of the governing party facing charges involving corruption, corruption, and corruption, had to take sides in their position.
Magashule refused to do so and was later suspended by the ANC NEC.
It’s 15 years since the charges have appeared against former president Jacob Zimbabwe.
His trial has now begun at the Pietermaritzburg court on Wednesday.
Zuma and the French weapons manufacturers, Thales, are not guilty of allegations of corruption, corruption, corruption and corruption in connection with the arms sales of the 19th century.
The trial has been postponed to the 19th of the Julyusi, with a special petition issued by Zimbabwe against the state capital, lawyer Billy Downer.
The instruction is postponed until 19 July 2021.
The legislature of the former president led by lawyer Daliwekfu, on the basis of a special appeal, accused government lawyer Billy Downer of a lack of independence and neutrality.
Wefu says Zimbabwe, according to her voices, lamented her day in court and also explained why her worker did not approve of a fair trial when the lawyer Downer handed down a federal case.
There are facts and circumstances that give me good reason that Mr Downer behaved in a manner that indicates a lack of independence and a lack of neutrality that is essential to the implementation of the law.
Mr. Downer has failed to support the circumstances necessary to protect the prohibition needed to ensure that my trial is resolved and carried out in accordance with the Constitution, Mr. Downers has personally placed an allegation against me when he inserted an affidavit to support the Democratic Alliance application to investigate and set aside a resolve by the NPA to end my trial.
Despite using so-called corruption tactics that have been implemented to use all the details of the law to halt her trial, Zuma has failed to convince the courts to have her cases set aside for political reasons in the federal case against her.
Thales faces four cases, one fraudulent business, two fraudulent and one fraudulent system.
The state is accusing Zuma and Thales of organizing and operating a fraudulent business, the charge has a maximum sentence of 25 years in prison.
The government accuses Zuma of receiving hundreds of millions of dollars in salaries from her guilty financial adviser, Shabir Shaik, during the arms burial system in the 1990s.
The state is accusing Zuma of receiving $ 500,000 a year from Thales, led by the shaik.
Some charges against Zuma include tax, not revealing financial support to the parliament, and lying to the institution through the assembly with representatives from the weapons manufacturer.
The lawyer Downer told the court that the government was not ready to respond to a special request, pointing to a large crowd of over 1,000 pages.
He says it has covered a long period of trial.
My Lord, we have then examined the papers and we are working hard to pen our answer on these papers, we have established a behavior that the state is willing to put the charges against the accused and between my friend and the state is convinced that then it will consider the official appeal in court all of us should say again that we agree that the 106 I position is a lot and a lot of pages. We all agree that the state needs time to answer in the form of an affidavit.
The daughter of former president Edward Zuma is in court to support her father.
Thales said in explanation of her application that, denying that she knew of Zimbabwe’s salaries from Shaik.
Thales said their salaries to Shaik’s were in business law as a fellow weapons dealer.
Downer has convicted Zuma and Thales, who were represented by Pierre-Marie du Randt.
They are speaking to the court, the advice of Thales.
Prince Philip died this morning at Windsor Castle at age 99.
The prince has been sitting in the hospital for a month for reasons related to heart surgery.
Flags flying down to Britain.
Johnson said Prince Philip had surrendered to his partner Queen Elizabeth.
Prince Philip sits on Queen ’ s side for more than seven years after her marriage in 1947.
So we’re going to get a lot of money, we’re going to get a lot of money, we’re going to get it.
After acknowledging the needle as a power-working kingdom, the Duke of Edinburgh officially suspended the work in the civil functions with the full support of the Queen in 2017.
I’ve been supporting the Queen for a long time, many times I’ve been one or two steps in her society to look at the administration, they married 73 years ago.
She was born on the Greek island of Corfu in 1921, the subscription to the wedding of Philip Mountbatten to Elizabeth, as he was, in 1947.
Phillip finished World War II in the service of the navy, which was mentioned in the messages about his anger and quick thinking during the war.
The Prime Minister of War Winston Churchill described the royal marriage in November 1947 as a color spark in a country that has struggled to rebuild itself after the war catastrophe.
Prominent King, when he was known from then on, was forced to resign from shipping as the raising health increased.
It was in Kenya, with the National Congress visit, that Prince Philip told his wife that the King was tormented, he is now queen.
From the royal inauguration ceremony in 1953 to his resignation from public services in 2017. Prince Philip was not far from Queen.
Like her husband, not the King, she was left to make her own way.
Her friendliness in 1950 in London was stunned and said, at one point it was a touching sign when they were on the throne, making the first page of the news.
Her anxieties in the care of young and old alike have been a source of strength to her life
The provision that still holds his name helps to build holiness and to establish a sense of responsibility and fellowship among youths in all aspects of life.
With the award of Duke’s Edinburgh company, he created and promoted the lives of young people in many celebrations, he magnified holiness and promoted their dreams.
We remember Duke of all that and above all we remember his loyal support to the Queen Sir, not just as his partner, on his side, every day in his reign, just as his husband, his strength and his cohabitation over 70 years, says Prime Minister Johnson.
The Duke of Edinburgh visited 143 countries with official status, often with another visit.
Keen is renewing the monarchy, he had a long-rule ear in the British monarchy at critical times.
In later years her share in society has been reduced, although the royal court officials prefer that her influence has not diminished.
Subscription on SABC news agency secretary UK, John Bevir.
Prince Philip, Queen Elizabeth’s husband, the example of the British royal family some seven years old, died at 99 years of age, Buckingham Kingdom House said on Friday.
The Duke of Edinburgh, as he was officially recognized, remained on his wife’s side during 69 years of reign, ruling for a long time in British history, at the time making a well-respected name for himself that does not demand immorality and the practice of wrongdoing.
It is sad that the respectable Queen reports the death of a loved one, her husband, the respected King Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh, the story of the king ’ s house.
Honorable King is peacefully tormented this morning at Windsor Castle.
Other announcements will be announced in the future.
The royal family is united with people all over the world mourning his death.
The hearing for the soul that reigns outside Buckingham palace follows the death of Prince Philips.
The prince of Greek, married Elizabeth in 1947 playing an important part in the renewal of the kingdom during the previous Second War period, and behind the walls of the Buckingham palace that was an important place for the Queen to flee to you and trust in it.
She was mild-tempered, my strength and sitting all these years, Elizabeth herself commending Philip in a special way, giving her talk marking 50 years of her wedding anniversary in 1997.
South African Music Advertising Association chairperson, David Alexander, says local singers are turning around for assemblies and need intervention.
The organization is working to protect ammunition advertisers and to join the government to ensure that the performers receive adequate salaries.
Workers across the country are recycling money because of the influence of the coronavirus pandemic.
Alexander says many singers can be forced to loosen the industry.
I think he is facing problems; I think there are a lot of industrial professionals who think other ways.
Most of the others are already doing other tasks, whether driving or uprooting tables or doing manual work.
I think if the ups and downs of the coronavirus continue for a long time, most people will leave the design service because there is no support from the government in service.
For the most part, the coronavirus pandemic has been to be in the hands of many industries, but it does not force those in the construction sector to act in another way.
It’s months the implementation and social gatherings have been suspended, which means there’s no income for actors who are dependent on the outworking of the vision as a profit service.
The majority gradually adjusted their performance to the use of inthanet sites.
Small and developing companies based on these celebrations, social gatherings and concerts are frustrated.
Mass gatherings of large groups of people have been interrupted for the purpose of recreation.
Meanwhile, Tencent Africa Secretary Brett Loubser said the change to the use of the inthanet is an ongoing consistent development.
Khorona has affected artists.
The US Dionne Warwick singer, who has ruled as a star for over six years, now uses his voice as Twitter Queen, advertising the excitement and excitement of the new audience.
The Pop star, 80, always writes her thoughts about life, work and other artists, sometimes with encouraging warm answers.
If you are known as a Rap music musician, why have you named it in your actress.
Warwick asked an aminous rap, Chance in the driver.
I can’t stop thinking about this.
I will be whatever you will call me Miss Warwick, to answer Chance.
The Grammy prize winner, five times, insisted that Chance knew who she was.
All started when Warwick saw her grandchildren happy on Twitter and she wanted to go in.
When he gets it, Warwick has decided how he will use his new platform.
I’m going to use it when I ’ m curious about saying something or when I feel I want to talk and / or ask a question, somebody will answer it, he recalls telling his nephew what he has taught him.
Warwick, who is often now seen as Twitter Queen, her happiness brings good hopes to the social media.
It’s among the things I enjoy most in the world, that all people are laughing with me, he knows, and I think that’s what it was necessary, he says.
Warwick has introduced new forms of concerts on-line.
His first one was held at home on Easter Sunday
I had a little anxiety, because I didn’t sing for the rest of the year, the gonorrhea is a muscle and the muscles should be stretched out, but I didn’t, he explained.
I want to be free, you know, there can be a lot of noise, you say, you are laughing.
He will hold a second exhibition on 9 May, which is my mother ’ s day in the United States.
The pride of the three long weeks of executives sitting at the Office of the Deputy Chief of Sports, Adultery and Northern Cape Culture has been suspended.
The department and the artists have reached a contract with a project of over R4 million for art in the province.
The program includes the full-time work of the North Cape Division and a cornerstand for art and skills in the province.
Artist Mkhululi Mabija said they are ready to return to work.
In the end, they are able to locate and pick up the locusts and that was a problem.
People at one time think this is interest, but they can see that we were determined.
This is our way of making a living.
We need to get together as a branch and talk about our concerns.
A complete year list for the theater
So, we can start to include everyone in the program from the districts, explaining Mabija.
The Department of Sports, Art and Culture of the North Cape, Conrad Fortune, said R4 million had been donated.
After an extensive task of assessing the needs of the new and the new, we have been able to contribute a total of R4 million to assist with the introduction of three projects.
We are also on the project to create a service for the state of the treaties, which shows how money will be used and to be relevant to funding policies and government regulations when expenses are added.
Giorgio Armani can think of a meeting with an Italian institution, the owner of a Milan fashion house told the US magazines Vogue that he opens opportunities for the first time to a competent merchant.
In interviews published on Vogue.com website, Armani, 86, said the emergency of the Khorona virus caused us to open our eyes
Armani takes a course similar to that of Italian luxury business names, including Gucci, Fendi and Bulgari, purchased by the hundreds of Facilities LVMH and Kering SA, saying the French consumer was not in their minds.
Yet, he said his old assumption that the commitment should be built is no longer important.
One might think of consulting an important Italian company, he said without further explaining, without adding that it should not be a fashion company.
Vogue quoted Armani Roberta Armani’s grandson, who works at the family’s corporation, saying it would be nice, in the end, to have an important ‘ It was Italy’ meeting in the fashion company, although he adds that he doesn’t have a view of his uncle’s plans.
Facebook Inc has not informed more than 530 million users whose facts have been found as a result of abuse prior to 2018 and has now made information to society, but it currently has no plans to do so, said the company spokesman on Wednesday.
The central businessman that last week the phone numbers and other details from users’ files were available in the community archives.
Facebook said in a box on Tuesday that corrupt executives found information before September 2019 by collecting files using the weakness of the platform to hide numbers.
The Facebook lawyer said the social media company did not have full confidence as to which users would need to be informed.
He said he acknowledged that users can’t fix this point and the information was available publicly in the community to conclude that users are not being informed.
Facebook said a blockade had been imposed after recognizing the problem at the time.
The data gathered did not include funding information, health information or columns, Facebook said.
However, the combined information can provide vital information for thieves or tormentors.
Facebook, which has been under investigation for years because of the automatic behavior of its users, in 2019 reached the end of the sign with the US Federal Trade Commission in addition to investigating allegations of abuse of consumer information.
Irelands Defense Commission of Datha, European workers Associations, said on Tuesday they contacted the company on leak information.
When it found no communication received from Facebook only now it has a relationship.
The end of the FTC in July 2018 requires Facebook to report information on the illegal datha’s achievement by 500 or more users in 30 days to ensure that it is a danger.
The Facebook lawyer refused to participate in negotiations with the authorities only said they were in a covenant to answer questions.
At the London Artist Hall, the piano Yuanfan Yang played Pieces with Frederic Chopen, Franz Liszt and Joseph Haydn only by the presence of a camera person in the room.
The 24-year-old has participated in the first phase of the piano International Leeds Competition, with the hope of overcoming the judge’s attitude toward his performance.
It is held every three years, The Leeds must change operations because of the coronavirus pandemic, with no personal judges or spectators watching Yang and his piano colleagues competing until a good prize.
I thought it would be difficult at first, as soon as I started playing, I forgot about everything, Edinburgh-born says.
It was my music.
By means of restrictions on movement, The Leeds has invited 60 competitors from around the world to their first exhibition this week, adding the number of cities that are fishermen to 17 by 2018 so that selected contestants can take part near homes or study places.
From MIami to 14 contestants in Berlin, all play the game for about 25 minutes under the same circumstances: to play in the Steinway Model D Big Pian with the same camera correction.
We soon realized that we could not do it in a way that we would like to do it for the audience and the judges, Adam Gatehouse director of The Leeds, told Reuters.
It is evident that we cannot send a judge from London to Berlin and around the world, so we will look at publications at our home on the Internet and judge them in that way.
He added that this competition in the future will retain the details of the year’s celebration, calculating the cutting of the distance between the celebrants and the participants only will welcome the meat audiences.
The first was held in 1963, The Leeds for a special music contest to award a contest for the winner: The system of recording and distributing, playing at the London Wigmore Hall and traveling to Europe and Eastern Asia, among others.
In the last minutes I thought ( The Leeds) could be canceled, the Italian candidate Giulia Contaldo, who trained to play in front of the camera man before the contest, said.
Most of my colleagues don’t have this opportunity, or they don’t have any opportunities at this time.
So everything that happens, I enjoy it.
For the first time it is just a publication with no personal appearance, the organizers plan to hold the second time, the last and last time in Leeds on September, with the audience.
Music has been a social gathering and will always be so, says musician Ariel Lanyi.
It ’ s not just about the music itself but about the people in the hall and
That is why it should be
Britain ’ s prince Prince Prince Harry and his wife Meghan will produce their first publication, which will be facing athletes competing in Invictus instead of injured heroes in Hague in 2022.
Harry will appear on the camera in a series called the Heart of Invictus and act as chairman of execution on partners in the Archewell Fulfillment, Reuters explained in its statement on Tuesday.
A series of publications will produce unseen athletic exhibitions and organizers in preparation for competitions that have delayed until the following spring because of the COVID-19 pandemic.
Orlando Vono will operate broad-spectrum districts and Joanna Einssiedel will be the composer, says Dell.
Both designed the short award-winning Oscar The White Helmets for the assistant team in Syria.
The Invictus Games are an event in many games composed in 2017 by Prince Harry who served as a soldier in Afghanistan for the wounded army.
The couple, who were on the news to follow the interviews with the U.S. publisher Oprah Winfrey last month, signed a resolution for the annual fulfillment with Dell on September.
Harry and Meghan now live in Southern California after breaking up with the British royal family.
Queen Elizabeth says she was saddened by the experiences of Harry and Meghan.
Kim Kardashian is now known as one who owns billions of dollars.
Alcoholism and the clothing industry, who has announced his work on the television chain of the real-life Keeping Up with The Kardashians, was added on Tuesday for the first time to the magazine on millions of people in the world.
Forbes budget explains Kateashian follows the man she is going to divorce from Kanye West in a group of billionaires.
Forbes on Tuesday estimated West’s adult to be 1.8 billion of the year, mainly from shoe contracts called Yeezy and his clothes.
Kardashian registered divorce from West, 43 on February, explaining various incidents.
Her sister, Kylie Jenner, lost her Billion position, Forbes explained on Tuesday.
It has estimated the value of this 23-year-old girl’s wealth to $ 700 million, suggesting that it was due to poor cosmetic sales during the coronavirus pandemic, as well as what it has meant as a currency income measure issued by Kylie Cosmetics, now 51% of which is infected by Coty Inc.
Kardashian started in 2017. showing and selling his cumo on the inthanet, thanks to the availability of social media that includes 213.
He set up Skims mix clothes in 2019.
Kardashian celebrated on Tuesday by putting his picture in a jacket at sea, on the theme Bliss and the announcement to set up the first Skim Pop-up store at a prestigious Los Angeles mall.
It is called the Heart of Invictus, a demonstration under the Archewell Fulfillment benar, the invention hand of Meghan and Harry’s foundation, the publishing system said on Tuesday.
Dell said the list will provide background stories for the athletes and organizers as they prepare for the event, which has been delayed until the following spring because of the coronavirus pandemic.
Two noted for their role as Oscar winners in the short generations of The White Helmets.
The Invictus Games are an event of a variety of games set up in 2017 by Prince Harry for the injured military personnel on the job.
The partners, who were on the news to follow the negotiation with the U.S. speaker Oprah Winfrey last month, signed a several-year application with Dell in September.
Harry and Meghan now live in Southern California Continent after their final break with the royal family.
They are working with Winfrey on a mental-health index for the Apple TV + service.
The death of the Septuagint penman, Dr. Kgotso Maphalla, has been described as a great loss in the line of scriptures.
Most of his jobs have been placed in schools and higher education institutions.
Maphalla won her first major letter prize in 1980, in a Persian poem competition for the service of Radio Besuesuesu, now known as Lesedi FM.
A 66-year-old writer suffering a stroke
The best-known KPD, a rich-winning writer who has distributed more than 70 pieces of jackals.
Dr Kgotso Maphalla also wrote a number of radio dramas.
The unassuming hero has taught black-and-white scribes.
Some of his activities are reviewed in the PhD studies.
The assistant director of Private Literature Museum Tseliso Masolane says they will continue to care for and renovate Private to honor him.
Dad Maphalla was an acquaintance
Although you look at his writings, there are always religious fragments.
He would not simply write the words of a song or make a few simple sentences.
There is always a change, always to ensure that the Sotho know where they come from and to ensure that they fit in.
The board of Pan South African Language (PanSALB) explained Maphalla’s role as minister of jackals.
For PanSALB, Nikiwe Matebula said Maphalla always did a powerful job.
Like PanSALB, we like to inculcate pride in our native languages because it is our primary responsibility to ensure that we continue all South African languages.
So, that is what impressed him when it came to his writings, that he concluded the talk.
He has written the best-quality reads
His work as a scribe is prestigious
This is what really makes us happy about his work.
The death of the Separatist writer is described as a great loss, a class teacher, Maphalla’s work started over 40 years ago.
Publisher and writer, Pule Lechesa, wrote a book about Maphalla’s life called the letter Heritage of Dr KDP Maphalla ( The Literacy Legacy of Dr KDP Maphalla)
Lechesa says the KDP will be commemorated by her love and scribes dedication.
He also taught us that as scribes we should be as united as he used to say that the goats are roots and that the scribes are like shepherds.
They must keep working together because if anything happens to them the sheep will be scattered.
He has taught us that as writers we must always be united.
Maphalla has been awarded a number of awards for the achievements of life.
Many of her awards and greetings include the MNET award and the chairperson award for South African Literature assignments.
She was also awarded a medical award from the Free State University in 2007
Maphalla said Maphalla was trying to compare the life of a black person who was under the influence of racism.
As a political activist in his letter, we note in many books that he was trying to illustrate the life of a black person who was suppressed by the previous government.
My relative said Maphalla was the family face.
The lawyer, Lefu Maphalla, says his death is a big loss.
She was the remembered face of Maphalla’s family and because of her we know each other.
So, it was a bright star in our midst, and not only that, but also that of the nation where he was always surrounded by people because he was once again a citizen of the population.
The family is going to complete the discussion and funeral arrangements.
Sleep with satisfaction Ngk KPD Maphalla, a little 66.
My father, Kgotso Maphalla, has written some of the beautiful renderings made bothake andake and poems and porosa.
His many articles have not yet been answered; so far, 47 jobs in 80 publications in 2 languages and 61 libraries.
The singer and actressly suffered a heart attack during drug abuse on Friday.
The hospital lawyer refused to release his position or to make sure he was a patient there, a quotation of secret laws.
The hospital lawyer refused to release her position and confirmed to Reuters that DMX,-50 born in Earl Simmons, was a patient there, we quote secret laws.
Her family, in a public warning, in the starry media, that she was rushed on Friday, 04 April, at a hospital about 30 miles ( 4 km) North of New York after facing serious health problems.
As he knows his parents by name to perform DMX or Dark Man X, Simmons being placed on a life-sustaining machine on Monday, according to RollingStone.
Star advertisements TMZ and Billboard at the end of the week that Simmons, who has a well-known drug history, has been rushed to the hospital after suffering a heart attack at his home on Friday night.
Among his advertisers, the governor, or his representative, has not immediately answered Reuters’s request to comment on the singer and reports.
The singer, an expert in the music world since the 1990s, has been struggling with illegal drugs and has talked about infection in 2019 after imprisonment due to tax fraud.
He was charged with failing to pay $ 1.7 million taxes from 2000 to 2005 by steadily removing funds from accounts of governors and couples.
Simmons also started in recent films in 1998 Belly’s vandalistic drama, the 2000 actress of Romeo Must Die, and the 2003 film of theft Cradle 2 the Grave.
The situation at the Deputy Chief of Sports, Art and Culture of the North Cape with other actors in Kimberley enters the third week.
Advocates are demanding professional revival, the help of the Khorona funds for others and the full-time service of the Northern Cape.
They believe that this will help them get the profits they lost because of coronary laws.
Mkhululi Mabija, who is a worker, says they want the theaters to start operating.
We want the theaters to operate, art and theaters also make it possible for our artists to operate.
Only we need the support of the MEC and the province to support us in our prison.
They still don’t take us seriously, the discussions have been held and are complete in the spirit.
We will sit until our needs are answered, says Mabija.
The Provincial Department of Sports, Art and Culture says there are plans to help artists.
The Department of Sports, Art and Culture of the North Cape, Conrad Fortune, says the figure is about $ 1 million being donated.
We are also on the plan to design a treaty status service that will warn how funds will be used and run through funding and government regulations in case of funding.
The directors say the department delays organizing their needs and continues without paying, now they don’t get income.
Britain’s Kingdom drama team, The Crown, won the highest TV drama award at the Screen Actors Guild (SAG) Assignment ceremony in LaTshipi, while Schitts Creek, another family canon that was wealthy and compelled to move to a small town, has been counted as the best comic canon.
Gillian Anderson, who is playing part of Britain’s Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher in The Crown, which was facing a new crisis in the marriage of Prince Charles and Queen Diana, has won the prize of the best female actress.
Weighing is the head wearing the blessings of The Crown for the disgusting assembly.
Because of the coronavirus pandemic, the 2021 SAG celebration has been reduced from the evening meal to the next hour of the warning, he laughed at how the performers spent their time on the roadblock or starting with future studies.
On the side of the movies, the court drama The Trial of the Chicago 7 and Ma Rainey’s Black Bottom jazz music film depicted the grand winners at one of the last festivals prior to the Oscars.
SAG awards are selected by members of the temporary corporation.
Most of the SAG winners and the candidates await respect prizes at the British BAFTA next week and Independent Prizes on 22 April.
Godzilla vs Kong has entered the box office ’ s epidemic record, and it has given the directors of the Hollywood theater hope that people are ready to return to the movies after the year of film viewing in the networks at home.
The pole tent, from Warner Bros and Legendary Entertainment, made 32 million locations for the week and $48.5 million for the first five-day release.
The time has come for you to vote for the party.
Before this week, Wonder Woman 1984 had a huge beginning of three days with $16.7 million, followed by Tom and Jerry with $16.7 million.
Godzilla’s balls against Kong are very interesting because the film is also available to HBO Max users don’t pay anything.
It is not clear how many people have seen this film.
David A. Gross, who is conducting a film for a French Recreational Advisory company, opens ticket sales at the end of the week in view of difficult circumstances.
Over 50 percent of the film audiences in our country are open, but most, including those in the City of New York and Los Angeles, operated by reducing the number to the safety regulations of the pandemic.
If half of it was what it would be under normal circumstances, the weekend places were bathed and showed the right assurance that the film would find a force that would leave it nowhere, he says.
Godzilla’s sales against Kong are encouraging, the U.S. film box is about to reestablish itself after closing for a year.
Godzilla against Kong was not the only new removed in this week.
The Unholy has made $3.2 million from its 1.8 locations, the best-seller with a small-sized film.
It filmed the Universal fulfillment Nobody in stage 3 in the chart box.
Nobody’s game, which includes Bob Odenkirk as a good-natured father who is trying to change to take care of, reached $3 million in its second weekend, adding its total to $ 11.8 million.
In place of them, the Disney, Raya and Dragon monkeys made 2 million from 2,31 locations.
The movie, which also plays on Disney Plus at the rate of $ 30, has made $32 million in the local box.
Tom and Jerry reached the fifth high, with a $ 1.5 million gathering in the sixth weekend of the film.
Until now, the film has made $ 3-9.5 million in the US.
Found again in HBO Max
The Methodist Church hearing, Archbishop Purity Malinga, says the presence of vaccines against coronavirus is a sign and hope and one of the good news is to say this about Easter.
Bishop Malinga delivered a lecture during Sunday Easter Service broadcast in SABC 2 on inthanete, held by the South African Council of Churches (SACC) and parishioners.
He has insisted that the vaccine should not be a discrimination.
The bishop said in the blackness that our country is facing, there is hope.
We have seen the blackness of laxity, gender-based violence, poverty, hunger; the list continues.
Like passersby, we do not lose confidence; we do not lose hope.
We lift up the signs of hope as we see because Jesus is alive.
We find encouragement in holding signs of confidence that we find.
It is because of the good news of Easter that we raise the vaccine as a symbol of optimism, we make it a pretense to be available to all; the rich and the poor, he says.
deputy president of the Churches Council of South Africa, Pastor Frank Chikane, is grateful to health-care workers who risked their lives to save the lives of coronavirus patients.
He had brought good news and finished with comments at the service.
Our border workers have risked their lives every day to save our lives.
One thing is that the God we believe in is the God who always exists with us.
He was thrown into a crossboard so that we would not be thrown.
Jesus is Emmanuel, that is God is with us.
Our God is also a God who knows all-knowingly the God of gravity.
God knows our problems, and he knows we are restoring all that we have lost.
God knows how to heal us from the pain of life and corona.
Our God is powerful and able to save us and come out with us under very difficult circumstances, says Chikane.
Speaking at the ceremony, SACC Secretary-General, Bishop Malusi Mpoupwana, said last year it was a year of lack of help against the coronavirus virus.
Bishop Mpsetwana said Easter brings Tshepo, no matter what challenges the country faces because of the pandemic.
Therapies go to God and our Father Jesus Christ.
In his great mercy, he has given us a new birth in the hope of life through the resurrection of Jesus Christ from the dead.
It’s with that hope that we are here this morning.
We have come from a disastrous year, anxiety of fear and despair, a year of chaos and lack of help against the coronavirus pandemic.
With the faith of good Friday, we plan to rescue the problems from the clay on which Christ has been impaled.
This morning we will celebrate the resurrection of our Lord with the restoration of faith and the sanctity of the life-force beyond death, he said.
Concern about the slow vaccine system.
Speaking at Easter Night Service, which was held at the St Georges Cathedral church, in the Cape Town City, Anglican Bishop Thabo Makgoba has expressed concern about governments through a slow system of coronavirus vaccine lists, especially among the poor and isolated residents.
The slaves say he has doubts about how long it will take to administer vaccines across the country.
We are well aware that there are large regions of our country where political corruption destroys the public health care system.
It’s embarrassing for those who have left hospitals and clinics in need of people, tools and protection.
I said it would take 18 years to vaccinate all of us!
We can’t let that happen, he added.
So far, 269, 102 health-care workers have been slaughtered, the country is preparing for the second stage of the program.
The speaker said it provided information for more than 500 million users of Facebook, including telephone numbers and other data, free of charge.
The mountains seem to be like the social network linked to Facebook, which has been advertised since January, and its appearance has been by a technological newspaper, Motherboard. This is according to Alon Gal, co-founder of an internal crime center, Hudson rock.
Reuters could not quickly evaluate the data, which was awarded in a number of euros for the value of a well-known low-risk debt, but Gal said on Saturday she confirmed the slightest authenticity of any information by comparing it with the telephone numbers of the people she knows.
Some reporters say they should also be able to balance the known telephone numbers with details in the information process.
In a caution, Facebook said the information was old-fashioned and related to a problem corrected in August).
The goal by Reuters to reach the speaker who opened the information for the Telegram text service was unsuccessful.
Gal told Reuters that users of Facebook should be alert to social attacks by people who may have found their phone numbers or private data for months to come
Recent cases of leakage by a middle businessman.
Large sales exhibitions have placed 22 ancient Egyptian monarchy bodies in special boxes across the city of Cairo on Saturday to a new museum home where they can be seen with respect.
The procession has placed 18 kings, 4 queens, mostly from the New Kingdom, from the Egyptian museum in the heart of the Cairos Tahrir Desert to the National Egyptian civilization museum in Fustat, some 12 miles [ 5 km ] southwest.
Authorities have closed roads across the Nile to produce a celebration, which has been designed to rekindle interest in the stockpiles of ancient goods while tourism is eroded because of interference with the Coronavens.
As the royal bodies arrive at the museum, which was set up on Saturday, the cannons have shot 21 schools to greet.
President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi stands as the dead bodies pass through the golden rabbis decorated with the design of the Pharaoh.
Head of the cultural representatives of the UN, UNESCO and the World Tourism Committee were present at the ceremony.
Each body is placed in a special nitrogen-filled box to ensure protection, says Egyptologist Zahi Hawass.
They were loaded on trucks designed to provide them with accuracy.
We chose the Renaissance Museum because we want, first of all, to show corpses in a civil manner, in an educational manner, but not in the entertainment they were in the Egyptian museum, says Hawass.
Famous Rap singer and actress Earl Simmons, known to her fans as an actress named DMX or Dark Man X, was held in a serious position on Saturday at a New York hospital after suffering a heart attack by drug abuse, according to stars TMZ and Billboard advertisements.
Publications have that Simmons,-50 with a history of drug abuse, has been rushed to White Plains, a New York hospital, after suffering a heart attack at his family on Friday 11 P.M.
Her advertisers have not responded immediately to Reuters commenting on a singer, who has been famous in the music world since 1990.
Reuters has not yet confirmed the news.
The singer repeatedly spoke openly about her illegal drug use challenge and spoke of infection in 2019 after being imprisoned in the Federal penitentiary on charges of tax fraud.
The Manhattan State Court found that he had failed to pay the $1.7 million tax rate in 2000 to 2005 to remove the money between the banks that are owned by governors and colleagues.
His 1998 first album, Its Dark and Hell is Hot, released as first on the 200 billboards in the United States, sold more than 5.6 million copies.
Along with his career in Rap music, Simmons has been a star in films such as the 1998 vandalism drama Belly, 2000 film, Romeo Must Die, and 2003 film theft Cradle 2 the Grave.
The congregation at the Good Friday service at the St Georges Cathedral church in the City of Cape Town in the Western Cape said they were happy that they had been able to attend church in 2021.
In 2020 Easter services throughout South Africa were canceled unless the nation was placed under severe 5 conditions, 5 after the coronavirus pandemic afflicted the country.
Under the revised stand of the standard of conditions, 250 people are allowed to attend the meetings that are played inside the building and 500 people are allowed to attend outside meetings.
The church congregation gathers little, with a number that can be controlled at places of prayer in the City of Cape Town. about 50 people have taken up morning service in the church of St Georges Cathedral.
They expressed their feelings.
It was fun and not fun again.
It was terrible all over the world and most of last year, we had failed to go to church.
and so it sounds true and is special to be able to sit here today, says another member of the congregation.
This is a high day of rest for us as Christians and I have kept it in mind.
I feel very fortunate to be one of the holy ones and to remember that 2,000 years ago the average man had dedicated his life to the whole world and I was one of those people.
So I made an effort this morning to get up and come to the Lord ’ s house, says one member of the congregation.
The patriarch of the St Georges Cathedral, Pastor Michael Weeder, said the church would be very cautious in performing services, to obey the laws and regulations of the Korona to prevent the spread of the virus.
Priest Weeder said the congregation was also encouraged to pray at home.
The real feeling is to be at home when you have other illnesses; God is everywhere.
We said this at the beginning of the closing, especially at our first convention on Good Friday and Easter, we encouraged our people, understanding that God is being entreated as we breathe, as we live, as we love and care for; and what is most important in the faith.
You don’t need this attractive building.
The building is a gift from God, he added.
The congregation gathers in the St Georges Cathedral church to honor the paschal.
The services of various churches throughout the world are expected to continue at the end of the week as Christians celebrate the Easter.
The sales exhibition will feature 22 ancient Egyptian bodies in special boxes across the city of Cairo on Saturday, to a new museum where they will be well presented.
The procession will take 18 kings and four princes, mostly from the New Kingdom, from the Egyptian museum, at Tahrir Square in Cairo to the international Museum of Civilization in Fustat, some 12 miles [ 5 km ] southeast.
The authorities are closing the roads across the Nile to describe the ceremony, which is designed to rekindle interest in the fertile ancient Egyptian gathering, when tourism is completely stopped because of interference with the corona.
Every corpse will be inserted into a special nitrogen-rich box to ensure protection, and the box will be loaded with a well-constructed trailer to care for them, says Egyptian archaeologist Zahi Hawass.
We are choosing an enlightened Museum because we want, first of all, to exhibit corpses in an enlightened manner, in an educational manner, but not by mounting as they were in the Egyptian Museum, he says.
Archaeologist uncovered corpses in two groups at the confusion of the temple captain Deir Al Bahari in Luxor and near the Valley of the Kings from 1871.
The key is that of Seqenenre Tao, the last King of the Kingdom, who ruled in the 16th century and is thought to have suffered a violent death.
The exhibition will include the dead bodies of Ramses II, Seti I, and Ahmose-Nefertari.
Fustat was the site of Egyptian funding under Umayyad dynasty after the Arab conquest.
By doing this, with the best of circumstances, the dead bodies are found suitable, says Salima Ikram, in Egyptologist at the American University of Khairo.
These are the kings of Egypt, these are the Pharaohs.
And therefore, it is a way of showing respect.
When the operation of the Holy Week was canceled because of the Spanish coronary standard, the abandoning of the drumming culture of Good Friday has been called an important thing for the inhabitants of Calanda.
Dressed in purple, they play the drums on the streets, in front of houses as part of Rompida de la Hora.
Drums roar across the Southeast Spanish city of 3,700 inhabitants, and players were aware of the people’s recovery.
The Holy Week was somewhat sad because I wanted to be with my friends and play the calendar drums with them
We only hope that the following year this will pass and leave us together, says Ivan Rodriguez,-24 Moropa musician and local citizen.
After the abuse last year, Santiago Villanueva, another citizen, said the citizens had strong emotions to preserve the culture.
We are saddened by the air continues, he explains.
A trainer from the Ethiopian Episcol Church described last year as midnight in the lives of many people.
He compared the coronavirus pandemic and the sudden darkness covering the sun at the last time that Jezo was on the tablet.
The instructor was one of the speakers at the South African Council of Churches (SACC)
Service publication Good Friday was produced in SABC 2.
He said before Jezo died, there was something like a spiritual midnight, as it was last year for most people.
Before Jesus cried, Father, I place my soul in your arms, realize how the Bible tells us that the day was dark for me.
It seemed that the midnight spirit had covered the whole world.
This last year for many people, it really sounds like midnight in their lives.
Unemployment loss, the death of our loved ones, funerals is a daily meal for Christians.
In many cases the risk of abuse and violence against women and children increased dramatically with the introduction of COVID-19
This time, I am coming to your home to give you a word of encouragement directly from God.
Black night, tomorrow shines on a new day, says the trailer.
The South African Council of Churches (SACC) has depicted the pain and neutrality suffered by many of the Koronese victims as the pain and shame that the Lord Jezus suffered at the time of the impalement.
The director of the Church and Public Services of the SACCS, Pastor Mzwandile Molo, urges people not to throw the towel.
And the disgusting thing that God has gone to is God’s refusal to abandon us.
We heard her crying and saying, what did you throw me?
And at the time of the outcry, I remember those who cry face-to-face face face-to-face face face facing their death from the coronavirus pandemic, some 52 000 people lost their lives in this society and lost their lives on their own.
We just want to remind you as a member of their family, that they don’t view this alone because this God has had experiences of loneliness and has wept over what you have left me.
We heard her crying that I was thirsty.
At that time, we are reminded of God ’ s unity with all who have converted their bodies and suffered in the ICU, in the air cells and in all the places that the decay reached.
Last year, Christians in South Africa failed to gather for the first time to celebrate Good Friday because of the rise of the coronavirus.
And all services were conducted on an inthanet as part of an attempt to suppress the spread of the first-diagnosed microbe in the country on March).
The annual meeting is being held under the strict supervision of the Khorona security system.
Although some churches follow and promise to continue to do so during the Easter week, others have asked for permissiveness.
Clergyman at the Kingdom of God International Ministries church in Mfuleni near Khayelitsha in the Cape Town City, Sir Sineko Nxesi is one of the religious leaders, who makes an appeal to the government to increase the number of people allowed to attend religious gatherings.
Nxesi says the churches have the ability to carry out the strict security of coronary laws.
We are still opening churches with 50 percent because that is what we are.
We are law-abiding people
If you do that with schools as they do, if you can do it in restaurants, you can do it in mines, why not in church.
We are humble people, people giving with the law, we have the power to do all things, he explains.
Archbishop Makgoba encourages Africans to make the crocodile vaccines.
The Anglican archbishop of Southern Africa, Thabo Makgoba, said it was possible for the pharmaceutical industry in Africa to start developing crocodile vaccines instead of a ransom.
The slaves delivered the Via Dolorosa discourse during the Good Friday Service of the Churches of the Council of South Africa.
The broadcast service was being offered to respect health-care workers who have suffered in Khorona since last year.
Slaves explain, Let us challenge the pharmaceutical industry in South Africa to make vaccines ourselves.
I have the fact that we can make many drugs ourselves instead of their recovery.
Let us challenge the national vaccine.
You can’t stop the flag and hope that the virus will not cross borders.
Let us challenge what I call a prejudice vaccine, which operates by those who play about God and are being judged who have to turn around and suffer on a coronavirus tablet.
The slaves had also asked South Africans to speak against murder in Tigray in the province of Ethiopia and in Cabo Delrado in Mozambique.
Let us renew and guarantee that we will speak and speak to the Cabo Delgado people in Mozambique and the Tigray people in Ethiopia.
Let us talk about the global climate crisis, with the challenges in the atmosphere have a profound effect on those who contribute little to the changes.
Ramaphosao entered the Good Friday service
Earlier on Friday, President Cyril Ramaphosa thanked the churches in their area for the lifesaving election during the pandemic.
He spoke of his position as ANC President at the Meadowlands Methodist Church in Soweto as part of the ANC to commend the late lawyer Winnie Madikizela-Micha.
Ramaphosa said the churches have played an important role in the fight against the pandemic.
Much about what Ramaphosa said on Friday in the publication below.
It is becoming more and more noteworthy of Maskandi singer Khuzani Idlamlenze Mpungose from Nkandla in KwaZulu-Natal.
The singer with the title of the song, Ijele, won a high-ranking award on Ukhozi FM radio for a well-known song of the year in the last year’s competition, he recently got the respect from his home.
Maskandi music star who is thirty-one years old Khuzani, as he is known, has been empty-handed until he is popular.
She grew up shepherding cows like all the boys in rural areas.
Khuzani started his music career some 10 years ago and worked with heroes in Maskandi style.
Among the main names, who helped to build his talent, were the late Mgqumeni, Shwi Nomtekhala and Mtshengiseni Indidane Gcwensa.
His first album, named Bahluleke Bonke, was released in 2021 and since then made 10 albums.
He won many prizes at the South African National Music awards (SATMA) and South African Music awards (SAMA).
When he received his plate and a special guitar donated by the municipality of Nkandla, Mpungose said he felt respected.
I would like to thank the municipality for extolling me.
It shows a high level of respect even though I am so young.
It encourages me to work hard to help those who are trying to what I have already accomplished.
Maskandi is our roots because we sing in our language.
Nkandla mayor, Thamsanqa Ntuli, congratulates Mpungose on the amphitheater and puts the city ’ s name in a map.
The municipal decision to honor Idlamlenze, Khuzani Mpungose, lies in the fact that he no longer serves as a singer in the role of the Nkandla.
He was known throughout the country and abroad.
It’s a good example for many singers to go up, says Ntuli.
The municipality used the ceremony to distribute scholarships to 150 students.
The Portuguese captain ’ s hand belt, who got angrily thrown down after his ironing was denied the World Cup soccer match against Serbia in the weekend, was taken by Djordje Vukicevic, a fire worker.
The blue-green hand belt in white letter C. was placed in an orphanage by Vladicevic and his colleagues from the Belgrades fire department to collect medical funds for a six-month-old child, Gavrilo Djurdjeric, from Serbia, who suffered from spinal muscle disorders.
Ronald was upset ( but) got rid of the hand belt, falling near me Vladicevic, explains Reuters on Thursday.
On Saturday, Ronald, 36-year-old athlete of the Italian soccer team, rushed out of the stadium and threw away the captain ’ s hand belt when he was denied winning time in Serbia ’ s 2-2.drink game.
The majority of Serbian citizens end up raising funds and public sales to collect outside medical funds if they can’t get adequate treatment at home.
Balticevic said he is ready to sell any material he can collect from chemists to help Gavrilos’ parents collect 2.5 millioneusro ( $2.9 million) for his treatment, but the hand belt is a high one.
The entire group has agreed that the ( handbanta) will go to young Gavrilo, he said.
In the village of Cumic, just outside the town of kragujevac in central Serbia, Gavrilos Nevena’s mother said the family had received 500,000 euros equal assignments until now.
He added, the move from Ronald ’ s hand belt can be a very important part.
We could not believe that other people who don’t know us could take a hand belt, sell it and help our child, he said.
Currently, consumers want to surrender some six million, ( $ 60.02 million) during sales on the basis of Serbias Limundo e-COMmerce.
The captain ’ s hand belt, which has attracted much of the news to all the walls, can be yours if you contact an orphanage and buy, to say advertisement.
Two decades ago, Dutch couple Gert Kasteel and Dolf Pasker historically became the first couple in the world to enter into a legal marriage of the same sex in the Netherlands.
They were among four partners of the same sex, three men and one woman who were to be married to Meiyara of Amsterdam shortly after midnight on April 1 in 2001.
On Thursday, they celebrated the 20th anniversary in small groups or in rural areas because of coronary rules to isolate and restrict large gatherings.
It’s nice to tell others I’m my husband, my husband, Dolf, as they look at the picture book and the newspapers of the celebration, which has made them world headlines.
It helped me to accept myself
All same-sex marriages have passed the test of time.
One of the men, Frank Wittebrood, died of a heart attack in 2011 at 55 C.E.
Those who participated braggingly look back to make a legal history.
People told me that the Netherlands would be the first and last building ( allowing same-sex marriage) the whole world would not follow, says Henk Krol, a constitutional lawyer if approved in the Dutch Parliament in 2000.
Some 30 countries in the world are following the Dutch as an example, he says.
Most European countries, Britain, the United States, Australia, Mexico and South Africa are in 29 countries legally approving the same-sex marriage from).
I’m so proud that it’s possible, he says Gert, who could first finish his story Dolf in and finish it: that we can play a small part in it.
We made history
It seems that Daniel Craig has a new forensic film after ending his role as James Bond.
Craig will be a star in two films to 2019 Knives Out Crimme Caper, which will be featured online in the relationship of the U.S. million.
Dell on Thursday, purchased the rights of two films that would confuse Craig with director Rian Johnson
Variety and Deadline Hollywood said Net paid between $400 and $450 million for two profits rights, which will be one thing to make the best movie.
Disney refused to comment on the terms of the treaties, but some reports were not accurate.
Knives Out, astrologer Agatha Christie, star Craig as secret researcher Benoit Blanc and a group of stars including Jamie Lee Curtis, Chris Evans,Don Johnson, Ana de Armas and Christopher Plummer
The film Lionsgate has a recorded $40 million film and continued to make $31,000 million.
Craig, 53, will make five visits as the British secretary of Bond in No Time To Die, which is scheduled to arrive in the movie on October.
He was the best newsman.
They are equipped with the high standard of Sethos, their customs, traditions and culture.
Noxolo Grootboom commands millions of his spectators on Tuesday night.
The moment was especially remarkable because the president delayed his speech to the nation to allow the hero to give a clear order.
Grootboom is one of more than 600 workers who give up the nationalistic broadcast.
During his 37 years at the national Congress, he must keep his mother tongue.
From among you to ensure that the work we have done does not disappear, from among you to the extent of the conversation, who you are, how proud you are to say Tshivenda, English, Sepedi, ISSUE, ISSUE, ISSwati, ISSUE, is all on your shoulders now, you have all the freedom to make sure that these languages do not disappear.
For her, it was a sign of being an African.
The Minister of Commerce Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma has asked the politicians of the Eastern Cape to follow Winnie Madikizela-Mupa by putting the majority of the disadvantaged in rural areas first.
He was speaking at the National Congress (ANC) adjustment ceremony that was dubbed an honor to the African National Congress (ANC) creditor, Winnie Madikizela-Mandela.
We must build a new picture of the future in our country as we call this municipality by him.
Hunger, poverty, unemployment and inequality are among the things we have to contend with with with all our thinking and as we leave behind the name of the local municipality of Mbretan, we also have to make sure that we work hard to leave all the things that were a burden to our people.
The Ministry of Cooperation and Cultural Affairs (CoGTA) minister Ngk Nkos cac Dlamini Zuma was taking part in the official ceremony to change the name of Mbhli to the local municipality of Winnie Madikizela-Mandela.
A new municipality manager with the new name Winnie Madikizela-Madewa, Daniswa Mafumbatha, said there are programs that are organized to ensure that the local people are producing something from the lockdown.
Mafumbatha believes changing the municipal name will attract investors more.
Winnie Madikizela-Micha was now an international hero to call the municipalities by her name will speed up our development, and we also refer to Mrs. Winnie’s inheritance.
People will arrive to see the monument, and there are plans that can be planned there.
infectious diseases expert at the Frere Hospital in the Eastern Cape, Ngk David Stead, has expressed concern that the continued use of alcoholic beverages in places during the long weekdays of the Pascha could increase the incidence of the coronavirus infection in the weeks to come.
Last night President Cyril Ramaphosa announced that the sale of alcohol in outlying areas is banned from this Friday until the following Monday alcoholic beverages will still be sold in restaurants and bars