Despite many challenges , others , such as Lazarious Ramolotja , have overcome problems and have succeeded in starting their own resources .
Ramolotja is one of over two million deaf people in our country .
He says that the deaf are reaching out every day to take part in the economy .
A 43-year-old father operates a bracelet business .
He shares his story with us with the help of a provincial interpreter , Thursday Kgeth.
My name is Lazarious Ramolotja.
I live in a City called Seweding in the Clouds .
He is the father of three children .
I began to bind my steel many years ago.
Now , I have my own company .
With his disability , Ramolotja has found a way to communicate with his colleagues .
He says that there are no communication barriers .
Deaf people who live without businesses .
So I thought I had to get my own business .
That doesn " t matter .
With communication barriers , there is pen and paper .
It does not mean that I need a translator at all times .
People know how to be deaf . I too see myself as a deaf person , and they can see that he is a talented person .
I want to see other deaf people in their businesses.
According to the World Health Organisation , more than 5 percent of the world " s population have lost obedience .
The result of education and agricultural programs continues to be a major challenge for the deaf population .
COVID 19 and the other is burned as a major obstacle to the inhabitants of the deaf .
Unloading coronavirus messages is a continuing battle .
Ramolotja says that he still does not understand much about the virus .
COVID 19 , I " ve experienced it well . I " m very poor .
As asu , I don " t know much about the coronavirus.
Those who can hear can feel for themselves , but the deaf are a challenge.
We suffer misery , saying so .
Thursday Kgeth " s parents are deaf .
He is also a professional sign-language interpreter .
He believes that the deaf face social barriers every day .
Deaf urge the government to rush the sign-language system into official language .
Because of Netflix " s information program Netflix , the messages of commendation continue to flood into Aforce because of the Netflix. Ży Octopus Teacher and conquer the Oscar goal at the 93-awa reception in Los Angeles.
Interior-generals have led a group to receive an assignment in an international film .
Filimi has witnessed to many other international film prizes and has won the hearts and theories of people earth wide.
Movie producer Anant Singh. explains that the prize is the largest intaseter .
Much is in the intasetering because you have a small movie of information , which enters the world " s high-tech movie chains , and it continues to occupy the Oscar information group .
He knows that movie manufacturers draw information programs from small movies on their telegraph cords and that gives them a tremendous vocabulary to continue to have a good judgment on the news .
Craig had been an elegant and elegant , well-working , and we feel fortunate that we have done it over the past 10 years .
An encyclopedia is a convenient activity carried out by the ‛ The Sea Change , a NGO that stimulates good judgment and the value of the ecological ecosystem of the Kelp.
A group is proud to be seen worldwide .
It is a beautiful platform with the work we do at the \S Herald Report . In fact , we are focused on the vast African jungle .
Our aim is to continue to foment legends about the delicious environment so that it can motivate and surprise people to want to protect the natural world , to want to be connected with it and to sink into it . What I hope people will remember will remember is that they appear , that you are all the beautiful planet , the home , and that we are looking at the sites .
During the commemorations and issues of SABC pe pepper at the time of the film ʽoster , Octopus taught him that nature and man were made from just one trench .
And one needs another to live on earth.
The president Cyriś A movie releases a novel of natural beauty and a distinction between the seas of Africa and the sea .
Once again , at the Oscars , we are applauding the prize of the best information program to the Oscars.
The prime minister of Western Cape , Alan Winde , also commends the group .
A movie producer in A Frenchikaborwa , Anant Singh. , has paved the Oscar ward for the prize for the prize Oscar \y Octopus Teacher , such as natural affection for movie manufacturer Craig Foster Foster
Foster " s film wins the prize at the 93th academic celebration in Los Angeles.
The mannel Netflix lists his experiences and the small apricot he sits up watching for the rest of the year .
The two end up building a relationship that allows Foster to see the life of an underwater animal with his own eyes .
Foster " s victory , Singh says , has promoted a national team of filmmakers .
Movie manufacturers draw information from their cords (Iphone) and give them a strong exhortation to continue efficiently discussing matters .
Craig had always been a lover of information programs . He was a good person , a good worker .
We have been very blessed to work with him in the film during the past 8 or
The prime minister of Western Cape Alan Winde. commends the winners of the Netflix information program in Aforikarwa for the prize .
Winde says that the country is proud of the Success .
I like to speak in behalf of our Western Cape , to everyone who shares in the production of the watchtowery Octopus Teacher , complimenting it .
It makes us very proud .
It was a remarkable achievement by defeating Oscar.
Craig says that he feels privileged to receive this assignment .
Pippa Ehrlich and James Reed shows the year Craig Foster " s friendly and active filmmaker , as well as the traditional ostraca of the Kelp Forest in False Bay near Cape Town.
The filmmakers James Reed and Pippa Ehrlich have received honor .
I know that there are many inadulgent Africans in the middle of the night to observe the festival , but in many ways , it is the smallest sea-blood story of the Aforika nose .
And to all , I hope it is filled with a simple view of all kinds of relationships between humans and nature .
Reed called the victory honor , and he thanked the acamite family for their support.
He also mentioned a physicist , a Frenchman named Craig Foster , who built a lower water covenant with Ochtopas.
The information program has already won many prizes in the year 2020 , including two victories in the Critics during the Critics convenient Choice Documentary Awards of those who have contributed to the science diagnosis and diplomatics .
It has also obtained the Grand Teton prize in Jackson Wild Media Awards , which has accommodated 8.9 elections
It also highlights the prize of the best movie at Earthx film.
In the video below. ŻMy Octopus Teacher was given the Oscar.
Hollywood stars began arriving at the time of the celebration of academies on Sunday. in what may be the proliferation-filled history , not only for the winners but also for the event itself .
The first entryman Paul Raci. was one of the first to walk on a red carpet outside the Revival-Style Union in Los Angeles , which was used for the first time because of the coronavirus epidemic .
Raci. , who plays a part of a teacher for a deaf drummer , has used signed language on Sunday as he spoke to the journalists and says that he hopes that the film has made it possible for deaf citizens to be found .
The Black Bottom of Ma Rainey. Colman Domingo wore a pink suit while columnist Diane Warren enacted a white suit for a thin thin thick skirt .
This is where the Oscars. Warren said.
They were lonely Oscars , and they were still in the Oscars.
Conflicts of movements have forced them to think of a brown during a festival that will be attended only by several hundred selected individuals and authorities , including Brad Pitt and Harrison Ford , and will be held outside at the Art Deco Union Station in Los Angel.es .
Other electors will join you in the pronunciation from international source
Following rigid rules for testing and discrimination , most stars did not wear masks as they walked on a large red catacomb , after months of goal ceremonies held in Zoom.
We want it all from the gate , to show it to be different , Steven Soderbergh , one of the three fertilizers , said that before the Sunday celebration.
Hollywood " s diversity rate in the last five years may give all four assignments , along with the prize of the best guide , the first to the color-colored people during the 93.70 " s , high-colored history in the movie industry .
If Zhao. 39. wins the prize of a supervisor , it will be the second woman and the firstAsian woman to find the acatemi prize in that area .
The Chicago 7. case against Vietnam. is seen as a serious challenge to Nomadland by the prize of an artifact or divination .
It may be the Oscar movie movie most popular .
It contains exciting events and specific history to speak Alison Willmore , a movie critic in New York magazine .
Other electrons of the Hollywood drama of 1930 , Mank. , which set the stage for 10 elections; ipulester movie , Promising Young Woman , family movie from Korea. Minari , movie on the civil rights of the Father of Judas and Blackili during the
Victors are secretly selected by 9,000 members of the Motion Picture Arts & Sciences.
Frances McDormand (Nomadland), Carey Mulligan (Pronouncing Young Woman), Viola Davis (Ma Raineys Black Bottom), Vanessa Kira Kirkes of a Womanate), and the Andractic Hong Dadaysday (Ma Raineys of
The pace of a woman " s best performer is impressive .
We have had a different winner at each goal banquet , Pete Hammond , columnist in Hollywood.
The Black Panther , a star that left the world in this area , Chadwick Boseman , 43. , is one of the people who can win Oscar because of the role he played in Ma Rainey , Black Bottom.
Just Britain " s Anthony Hopkins , who plays part of a forgetful man in The Father , can get a diplomat , whereas a section of Riz Ahmed " s hammer in the Sound of the Metal can be seen as one of the most winners .
For the first time since the epidemic , not one , but two movies have brought in the box Office .
It is a beautiful sign that people show their intestines directed to return to the movies after spending nearly a year at home .
Mortal Kombat , a popular video game , leads US Office charts by winning 22.5 million dollars from 3,073 locations in North America .
The Warner Bros has already been available to be viewed at home , during HBO Max. a month " s HBO Max. this is a program to use in the classroom during the year 2021.
The Mortal Kombat has easily witnessed the first ranks . It has been a competition that went beyond what they had in mind when it came to the area of the week .
In the second instances that leave such distances , Demon Slayer.
Mugen Train received a total of 15.9 million from 598 1.9 million different locations .
The COVID-19 triangles of the third wave have exceeded 130,000 in number .
Health departments have reported 13,246 cases in a short time , which leads to 21.7%
According to the national institution of infectious diseases , it is the highest number of daily cases since January.
Medical practitioner King Atlas in response to the ascension of covid 19:
136 deaths were reported in a short time , bringing the total number of deaths to 58,223.
NICD urges the French Business to be careful and to follow the steps of the ban rigorously to help prevent or prevent the bomb .
It also appeals to the Abedics to assist the elderly to enroll the vaccine .
Until recently 1,965,812 French soldiers have received the COVID 19 vaccine .
Nigeria is hoping for the second gate of 4 million COVID 19 million vaccine at the beginning of the month of August , and they plan to continue sharing at the first level of vaccines halted to preserve the second level .
To date , the land of Aforika with crowds has already given only about 2 million to 200 million people the first .
Nigeria has been sharing to the 3.92 million received by the COVAX proposal of a worldwide vaccine through Marcher , with camels still in place because of the ban on goods from India.
Nigeria now looks at the second gate of 3.92 million vaccines of the AstraZeneca of COVID19 at the end of the month of Phukwi or the beginning of the month of August .
The vaccine sticks will be opened and open to 18-year-old adults who want the first.
We have been receiving many pleas for those from Nigerian who want to be vaccinated , shuaib spoke at a convention in Abuja..
He did not explain where the vaccines would come and symbolize the dedication last week of G7 " s vaccine-carrying vaccines of Corona amount to about 1 billion in the next year .
A vaccine hesitation caused by misinformation is a problem .
The democracy center of A French-American democracy says that it feels disillusioned by President Cyril ramaphosa when he spoke to the nation on Tuesday concerning government responsibility for the explosion of our central Corona in the country .
The Denosa says that it was hoped for a transcription to eradicate the spread of the virus .
The temporarily Denosa Cassim Lekhoathi , a secretary of the Denosa Cassim Lekhoathi , says that nurses are overwhelmed by work in hospitals because of the increase in the number of COVID patients , and that more nurses are dying from the virus .
Patients are increasing , and the number of workers decreases because no one enters the conditions they save us , as the weekly places I will save three of our nurses , no one going to get into the situation .
But I " m not talking about those I " m going to save for the week " s savings , talking about those who are already infected but who are pushed aside , and a few who have to stay on bows .
Many health-care workers have received the vaccine Johnson & Johnson.
The heater goes to the third slope of the millimeter .
A total of 339 health-care workers have died from diseases associated with COVID 19 in A Frenchikaikarwa between the month of Marcher and Child Aleel last year , and most of the deaths took place in Easter , KwaZuluNatal , and Gangute.
In spite of the obstacles of the COVID19 vaccine in the wild , the president of Washington , mathematically goes up to 85,000 people every day .
Government has received from Johnson & Johnson that the 2 million to be destroyed at Aspens in Qqeberha will be reinstated at the end of the month .
The conspicuous statistic is that only 64 health-care workers were infected during the last seven days when compared with 640 a crocodile began a second wave .
The French architecture goes on to the third strategy: While we are still there , DA John Steenhuisen has criticized the vaccine " s vaccine , claiming that the imperial office of a large percentage of society has not yet been found.
The president said that while the vaccine " s vaccine increased speed , Aforikaikaikarwa was still far from reaching the stage for the immune system against disease after the vaccine .
Steenhuisen raised questions about the race and government that buys for you vaccines .
I feel that the government has many questions to answer .
The president has the ability to divulge large numbers without explaining how we will accomplish them.
Really , there are problems as the government buys vaccines , which has exposed many French victims to the greater risk of marathon attacks .
This would not be the case if we had a successful vaccine .
Others will pay for government failure by means of their lives.
The general director of the health department , Doctor Sanego Buthelezi , says that the hospital " s reception center for other patients at the hospital during the third wave of the coronavirus.
The president Cyriluch announced Tuesday night that the country is now in the third top .
He has shown concern about various estates that report the rise of the COVID-19. Gauteng as one of the most concerned .
Buthelezi says that the health center stipulated from the first and second wave of coronavirus in ways to treat patients
I think we have learned more than by the first and second wave .
Other provinces are even more conceived , such as the Gauteng.
The French load has reported 8,436 COVID19 sacks , which carries a total of 1,761,066
Twenty-five COVID-19 death cases have been reported on 24 hours ago , bringing the national death to 58,087.
The platform has told the nation Tuesday night after the call and the various men , including the national coronavirus .
The mineral and Power (DMRE) department has sent a group of workers to theHlathi near Ladysmith in KwaZulu-Natal to make a precise test of the place where stones agreed to be diamonds found .
A team of workers includes geologies and minerals .
Diamond-based news spread throughout the country on Friday , and people still flock to the area to dig rocks .
A group from DMRE is expected to reach the site on Tuesday and will include those of the ordinance class to make a local examination .
A group also includes digitalists from the mineral and technology (MINTEK) and the geologic organization (GeoScience) who will give their minds on the natural origin of rocks , as well as the study of minerals in the area .
After a technical examination , the gas will be given in the future.
Individuals and a magistrate area have been asked to soothe the emotions .
If it is true diamonds , residents ofHlathi say , blacks must be put on the front when it comes to economic machines .
Citizens add that the architecture reflects the quality of such teachings as Jeoloji.
Therefore , they must begin to learn lessons (sic), to speak to a member of the population , Mountni Mbatha.
A resident , Vuma Makhwasa , says: Finnish conditions can change dramatically in social and economically if they are real gold .
And the government should make it clear that blacks are not just workers but chews , such as economic efficiency .
Diamonds are continued from the ground in KZN. Ladysmith andHlathi..
The national institution of infectious diseases (NICD) has released information from the corona virus that shows that Johannesburg reported more than two thirds of herbs .
In the number of more than 3,700 jungles of corona " s razor , gangsters have enveloped more than 5,500 zebras .
The heater enters the third wave of pestilence last week .
In Johannesburg and Moporof. Bruce Mellado. Bruce Mellado
The French-Absorbation commission , Aspen , says that it takes steps to reduce the loss of Johnson and Johnson vaccine stored at Qqeberha in East Cape .
A tailor says that Johnson & Johnson will provide a total of 300,000 vaccines for the Arabic teachers in the days to come .
Aspen adds that a week it is hoping to free Johnson & Johnson vaccine invented with placards that do not have the vaccine in US.
The council does not intensify other vaccines that will occur during the month of Phukwi.
Pento had been affected by contamination in the US in Baltimore.
On Wednesday , the State , and the health-care center of A French (Sahpra) have reassured the Arabics that polluted vaccines will not be released from our country .
The head of the Sahpra , Doctor Happiness Semete-Makakaks , spoke of the contamination of J & J.
A combination action follows reports that the heaps waiting to be donated from Qgqeberha Aspen
Two hospitals for COVID 19 in Afghanistan had to close your doors because of the need for beds . Health officials and doctors said this about Monday.
Afghanistan faces a third wave of pestilence , with the number of d65. Forgiveness and fatalities reported in the wake of wars when international warriors US out and Taliban civilians are offended .
The Afghan Japan and Ali Jinnah hospitals had to close your doors because of the need for beds or gymnasiums . The health officer said so and asked for needinnah as they were not allowed to speak openly about the subject.
The officer said that the second hospital in the Kabul chemist continued to have the problems of oxygen shortages and other medical treatments .
Mirwais Alizay , Compassion for the Department of Health , said that hospitals have to be closed at times because of higher rates of patients .
Masi Noori , a Doctor at the hospital of Afghan Japan , said that it had been confined to patients who were fired in a few days because of bedridden conditions .
Eid Wali , head of the hospital of Ali Jinnah. , said that they had to stop picking up new patients when COVID 19 beds were packed .
We have only 50 COVID beds and a major problem , Wali telling Reuters .
Afghanistan reported on Monday 1,804 COVID concocts and 71 deaths caused by disease .
A human rights group and an international member said last week that the government needs to buy the oxen and vaccines immediately
COVID 19 in Afghanistan cases continue to increase , says Zaman Sultani , researcher of South Asian groups (South Asia).
Last week , Afghanistan has received 7000,000 vaccines from the Chinese sinopharm .
Health experts say that the vaccine in A Frenchikaborwa has been a major challenge , according to the telegram .
Professor Salim Abdool Karim says that Johnson & Johnson " s discarded heaps have reversed the country " s efforts to increase vaccines a day .
The head of the Sahpra Doctor Happiness Semet-Maketus appeals to the French family not to be terrified because of emergency plans .
Sahpra has made it clear that 300,000 products received by the administration and anesthetics in the US will be released and sent to SA.
The vaccine of Johnson & Johnson mobile vaccine will be saved for four and a half months in place of the three-month drum of 2.8 doike selisias.
A retired geologist at Durban , Manqoba Msimango , says that he cannot exclude the truth of a national banquet that some people believed to be diamonds in theHlath outside Ladysmith in KwaZuluNatal.
Msimang says that only a genetic group can determine whether these are real diamonds .
The health-care institution of the A French-Americans (asahpra) as well as the temporary primacy of Mrs. Kubayi-Ngubane net has detained the French Responsibility so that the contaminated COVID 19 will not be released from Sweed .
This is after learning that the heaps waiting to be donated from the Aspen in Gqeberha , East Cape , are contaminated .
According to FDA " s report , we are affected when it comes to a spin in Gqeberha , where we have an occupation of 2 million in number .
I feel that the citizens of Abednego should not be terrified , but what we will receive and use , that is , unlimited .
The US (FDA) food and soap opera has halted the vaccines of J & J while research is still waiting .
Countries should avoid giving the AstraZeneca coronavirus vaccine for more than 60 years , the head of the EU of covid 19 " s code management was quoted in Late as saying this. B.C.E.
The Mayuropath of medicine (EMA) sees AstraZeneca as a safe vaccine for people of all ages .
The Italian government said that Friday will reduce the use of the AstraZeneca for more than 60 years after the vaccine received the death of the vaccine .
Like many European countries , Italy has stabilized the AstraZeneca vaccines in Mopit for the troubles of blood loss .
French and India are supported by many developing countries , seeking part-time IP rights and other treatments to allow local employees to produce vaccines .
The president of the US Joe Biden said he was supporting a short-term evacuation .
Okonjowala said that the argument was going ahead with the consent to start the discussion .
The aftereffects of WTO should discuss the next week on diplomacy with a view to writing the report on Phukwi 21-22.
G7. leaders with Samiti in West England agree on Friday to distribute the mento of COVID19 to 1 billion in poorer countries , something that the United Nations and other campaigns are needed .
On the other hand , Okonjowala said that she hoped that the discussions about the emblems of fishermen would occur during the month of Phukwi and the possibility of not reaching the end.
Avoid holding an international convention in 15 Phukwi to try to alleviate the elite of fishermen after 20 years of discussions .
The month of June is by no means the average month for A French-speaking , especially for its victims .
It is advice for heroes and 1976 registrators , who made history this month.
During the 16th month of June 1976 A Frenchwester saw a riot when thousands of students in Soweto began a protest march against the black dogma , which forced students to learn about Africaans.
On that Egyptian month " s day , students were to hold a peaceable march to the Orlando field as a symbol of opposing the sugarcane polisi .
Even so , events have not gone as hoped , and events that have led to the month of June so-called French-based history today .
While it is a month in which we celebrate the courage and victory of the 1976,Afortues still faces challenges .
I refer to the reverence of the 1976 sword and to the firm guidance they have left behind .
The challenges facing the Aforcean people today are a number of different elements from the fight against vandalism to the small faith of the people in the empire (Patel; Gaham: 2019).
By February , 15-24-year-old Arabic specialists reported a peak of 63.2% of unemployment for those 2534-year-olds in 41.2% in the statistics of Q4 20th-year-olds of Laboratory .
Saul says that an organization should be contaminated in the work of removing unrighteous leaders .
He has called the prime minister of health Dr Zweli Mkhize to appear in a reliable choir .
Pressure increases in Mkhize to resign after claiming that the $ 1.5-billion-dollar [ $ 1.5 million U.S. ] millet distributed to the Digital Vibes , was unstable .
Mkhize has made a defense on Wednesday after a study in the center of the institution , about a ndara assigned to his complement , Tahera Mathera , and a spokesman for the sand , Naardhira Mitha.
Thendara was for services connected with the National Inšorens of Health and government theater for the Covid19 epidemic
Saul says that Mkhize should appear before a chomish as the law implies.
Instead of focusing on the fight against pestilence , we are embarrassed by the rumors of our first visit .
There are serious charges against the member of the NEC , khomoreite Zweli Mkhize , now enrolled as a health officer .
Such charges as those adopted by the NEC are viewed as a requirement to go to a legal mission to conform to the point and make a success of the NEC.
Prime Minister Mkhize should retire to follow the ndara research .
The reestablished chairman in the Northern Cape. Zamani Saul says that an organization must be cruel to eradicate corruption in both cases .
You have asked the prime minister of health , Zweli Mkhize , to present itself to the divisive comic communication and to explain the following crimes .
Mkhize is in trouble because of the more than 150 trillion-dollar contracts of the National Health Inšorens (NHI) and COVID 19 , which are assigned to people associate with her .
Instead of fighting pestilences , we are embellished by fraudulent accusations from us to call first.
There are serious charges against the member of the NEC , khomore Zweli Mkhize , recently sent to work as a minister of health .
If such charges are based on copies received by the NEC. hopes , you must go to a just mission , that the chomiše is facing and coordinating NEC. to speak Saul.
A special research company (SIU) examines the minister .
The president stood in expectation of the inconsistent report of the Digital Vibes .
Saul considered the secretary-general Ace Magazine " s decision to take a sect to the court in an effort to be pushed aside .
The chairman of a member of the Northern Cape explained the embarrassment of his action .
Saul says that when Magashul feels that he is higher than the constitution of a member of zebra .
He says that in the organization " s history they have not experienced specific behaviors from the editor
There will be no refinement in an organization without the ability to influence good conduct against its members .
\Step-metalized is one of the steps taken to ensure that we are going to put our company on the way of the refrigerator .
The secretary-general is that neither of us nor a member of a self-respectful , undisturbed possession by a secretary who leads the organization to the courtroom , and I realize that he does this because he has negative thoughts about his role as a secretary .
Saul spoke privately about the convention in Northern Cape held in Springbok.
He claims that the organization will meet the challenges you face so many times .
Zamani condemns the Shulammite by bringing an organization to the court: Insurance and euphem stands for the convention .
He has asked members to work hard to restore unity to the ruling organization , and he urges them to serve their citizens with a pure heart.
In his talk , Washington said no room for rude members in his organization .
The conservation insists that those who stray from important values should be reproved .
We are determined to carry out the direction given by the Nasrec conference because the conference directors said that all NEC. branch members of the NEC. should work together and diligently combine and build up our glorious organization .
Speaking about the convention , we refer to the constitutional code , and now it is well-defined in Northern Cape.
It is a convention to appear on the basis of the African National Congress.
The Battle Society ofZulu-Natal has dug the Government Department and the Cultural Civil Weds to intervene after civilian security officers enter the Nquthu municipal room and evacuate the councillors to meet the call.
An incident in videotape is also published in the social media during this week .
A video publication depicts security officers in the camp and a councillor whose name is unpaid
The councillors shouted and asked what Zikode did .
Security officers , wearing heavy clothing , are seen catching two councillors in an effort to pull them out of the room.
THE island of the KwaZulu-Natal region accuses IFP by arranging a council attack .
IFP has failed to share in analyzing the vital points they produced .
They have decided to bring the criminals they hire to remove our councillors .
They are not security officers employed by a municipality , polite criminals . Speaking the KZN Nhakanipho Ntombela Spokokesman for the loops .
Just IFP rings the charges aside .
The Society has said that the councillors of zeros are seeing those who were out of control .
The councillors in the city did not want to see the council convention continue.
They really wanted to stop the council .
They did not want to see anything that had to be discussed on the roof of the railways .
If there are members who try to hinder the council , you should look for ways to do so .
Even the one who published. showed that a strategy had been woven and well-organized . Speaking the
IT IS believed that the IFP " s choice of Lindokuhle Shabalala was illegal .
The Society mentions the fact that the council assembly , where Shabalala was selected , occurred under the country under the 5th skull of the truth .
The State Conservation Department and the MoZulu Natal Cultures have led to the knowledge of a dispute and will consider further .
A Report on Bongani Gema.
The president of the Öka , with the COVID 19 epidemic , is the first test of the true nature of the organization ever since its inauguration .
The paraphrase says that it will show no one with his fingers , but it must show a way against the storms .
He spoke at a conference in the Northern Cape , held in Springbok.
Besides the effects of human health , COVID19 has also ruined the economy and the lives of people .
The COVID 19 epidemic has erupted the Southern economy and more.2 billion people are out of jobs .
As the third wave is fast approaching , we need to play the part of the one to prevent mathematic growth , including urging vaccination .
He says that more than a hundred countries are enclosed along with pharmaceutical institutions to allow COVID vaccine vaccines to the rights of the vaccines .
Cryil " s president stands the conference of the Northern Cape .
The provincial chairman of Zamani Saul has been the erroneous master of the secretary-general at the work of Ace Mashule , calling him a person with many challenges .
Besides COVID 19 , the organization is also facing its challenges , such as unstable behavior .
Ever since Nasrec. , we have been trying to shape unity .
Discipline the room.
It is the one whose unity , the speaking Synod.
The conservation has reconstructed the power of mammals during the rural regime .
As the elections of the countryside will be held during the month of October , we find a thrilling victory in those groups .
The chairman of NC Zamani Saul responds to the lecture of vote conference on a provincial conference .
Political analyst Luvuyo Dondolo says that the African National Congress (ANC) should have a resourceful solution to the movement .
He says that a tunnel can rekindle trust , after a gradual breakdown , and they will need to work hard .
This is after the East Cape has announced the wisdom of those who ruled first by including the president of the Thabo Mbeki at a three-day convention , a committee of the latter province held in East London.
Dondolo means that it is a scheme for a short period of time .
The participation of long-standing leaders such as Thabo Mbeki , moral leaders as a way to soften one " s property , is short-lived .
It is a method that has used to win the hearts of the electors , but logging needs a permanent move , says Dondolo.
The chairman in Northern Cape Zamani Saul says that the organization needs to restore the damaged image .
Suppose a short-term solution , bigger one , can win elections at certain gases , and there are other cities that will be opposed by other political organizations .
Mbeki has been appointed to share in the resurrection as an organization with its roots in the public .
The convention will rely on the legacy of the founders of the organization to benefit now , says a spokesman for the convention PEC Loyiso Magqashela .
To strengthen the point of the process of refinement and covenant , we must enter into the wisdom of those who ruled before us so that our enforcement will have good guidance .
You may have understood that in modern days it is emphasized from left to right , the refinement of the project now becomes more important , and we want to suppress the authority and leadership of the nation , to speak Magqashela .
As the EC will begin the extension of the PEC in EL ICC. , in the district of Dr. W.B Rubusana in the morning , it is expected to be with the president of the old menservants of Northern Cde Thabo Mbeki.
The president of the convention. Cyrilå. says that placing an economy on the way of refrigerator is one of the most important responsibilities of the organization in this year .
The conference of the Northern Cape conference held in Springbok was addressed to the members of the organization by word .
He has added that members of the organization should choose those who have the ability to take the lead in the countryside , and forbid past mistakes in hiring unemployed officials , who have dispersed various national machinations .
Ulrich Hendricks of SABC news reports on the conference of Northern Cape .
Instead of the National Community Committee , we want to thank and magnify Mlangeni " s family and the Ledwaba " s family for collaborating Mlangeni " s heritage under the heading: Morals , behavior , and refinements .
This takes place at the right time during the 2021 season where we have our national band of unity , renewal , and a blast during this year of Charlotte Maxeke
Significantly , in sleep a generous person who protected his property , who suffers from protests about his institution , and in his commemoration , we believe that as NEC. we owe his people by emphasizing that we are linking the NEC and dischargeing ourselves , a member of the NEC Nom Noulavko.
June and the chairman of Andrew Mlangeni Foundation , Professor Hlewe Mkhize , said they were very happy .
We were determined to continue his final struggle with moral problems , especially at his institution , and to be polite problems , and we thought that we are all in the troubles that he now traveled , and let us talk about the things that are open to us and the other heavy articles .
So we are grateful that Dad Mlangeni started something.
Mkhize said that Mlangeni was against vandalism , and in a manner that affects the poor .
The University of Southern Aforika held the Appreciative Doctrine for liberation.
Born by the Tongue of Righteousness and Declaration , Ronald Lamola.
The Economic Freedom Fighters (EFF) has sent a series of greetings to the international congregation of Synagogue , the Communist Church (Scoan) on the morning of a clergyman known in the televises of the Northern TB Joshua.
Joshua died on Saturday night at the Lagos hospital at the age of 57.
His power of speech and healing has led Southern Africans to his church in Lagos , including EF Julius Malema , Uniform Tona Peters , and mytoricist Springbok Wium Basson.
The EF said that millions around the world would remember him with his generosity and submit to God " s word .
In the publication below , the national editor of SABC. Sophie Mokoena presents an analysis on TB Joshua.
The challenge of All Protector Mkhwebane " s face against the laws of the parliament of the officer " s court of judgment will be heard in the Western Cape court on Monday .
The point expected by 3 judges is set aside until Friday.
Last month , Western Cape Justice John Hlophe has withdrawn from the case , after the Democratic Alliance requests his favorable treaty .
Hlophe has been convicted of thefts by a judicial court .
The system of accusing the Mkhweban is introduced by DA.
While we are still there , the Counsel of Justice will decide toward the end of the next month whether Hlophe is convicted of theft and whether to face the charges .
The Economic Freedom Fighters was one of the most dissentful sects of the committee .
The Parliament Natasha Ntlangwini sect said that when laws were founded , the National Protector had been in mind
We are against the peacemakers that have been issued to us .
The house has not yet been enforced by a 9th chapter of leaders.
Laws are designed for the National Protector , a serious removal of the National Protector , not any else .
The retired President of Motlanthe described a hero afflicting Andrew Mlangeni as an independent and honest resourceful person who accepted all in his place and the African National Congress (ANC).
The Society of met praises the deceased Mlangeni at a banquet banquet at his grave , as well as his wife , June , at the Roodepoort.
The banquet of leis during the memorials of Mother Mlangeni and Isithwalandwelandweš " s Tiger Andrew Mlangeni in the Roodepoort Plain
Motlanthe says that he was grateful when he worked with the deceased Mlangeni , saying that he had learned much from the family .
The Mlangeni family was present at the festival .
Members of the NEC Lin As Sisulu and Nomvula were present .
The festival of the seeds of June and Andrew Mlangeni.
When giving a presentation in the main language , Motlanthe said: The Khomoriti Andrew Mlangeni was the head of our struggle who showed the depth of the struggle .
He is the greatest one to be trusted in .
He was honest and independent .
By means of the don , he has given us knowledge and talents .
The Democratic Alliance (DA) has defined an unacceptable and comprehensive law that deprives South Africans of their citizenship .
Following the grievances of London " s residents in an attempt to soften the coast of South Africa , they realize that they are no longer citizens of Southern Aforika because they have requested a circumference .
This is because , under the Constitution of Security in Southern Africa , it should apply at the Civil Department to obtain permission for citizenship in another country .
Of course , the parliament member of the DA Adrian Roos says that the sect is against the Law , and it will fight against it in the highest court in place of thousands of South Africans who have lost their citizenship without their knowledge .
DA presents a challenge to the Law in court .
It is not a law as enforcement as the Civil Department once pointed out that it is not against citizenship in two countries .
Just by your law , do not claim to support the citizenship of two countries .
Looking at the temporary Constitution , you are referring to the fact that no citizen will live without legal support , but it has been changed in the Constitution .
They have misrepresented the words and explain that this right should not be used to avoid being rejected by your citizenship .
So the DA debate is that , no matter what it may be , you should have the prospect of leaving your citizenship before it loses you , says Roos.
Below. is the concluding diplomacy of DA Adrian Roos.
President David Mabuza has expressed his feelings about the terrible charges of $ 100 million of the Digital Vibes , connected to the Minister of Health , Zweli Mkhize.
He addressed a group of military experts in Limpo on Saturday.
A special research company (SIU) analyzes the charges that a minister played a part in the money paid to Digital Vibes and the public work of the Department .
The Democratic Alliance (DA) Society is one of the corporations that require Mkhize to resign .
Mabuza says that people should wait for research profits .
Indeed , if there are accusations , they will prevent government thinking
I guess we should take what the President said to be expected .
The Pejana , Kaizer , the Eunice of Special Studies , said that they were still searching and planning to complete the study immediately .
Capital David Mabuza says that about $ 1.5 million who should have helped military scientists salvagely in the Department of Protection but are not used because the department is still inappropriate .
Mabuza spoke to a team of military officials in Limpo on Saturday.
He has asked military scientists to form one platform instead of fighting against one another .
Of course , blood has not been used , sitting at the department because there are few problems , and military experts complain .
The biggest problem we face is an enforcement program that is deeply involved in transgression .
Mabuza says that she hopes that by now the Commissioner of Department has been selected , military heroes will find the help they want .
He has urged military heroes throughout all political elements to prepare and let the government try to support them .
Army heroes often complain about the need for housing , dignified health services , and jobs .
Lack of cooperation between heroes .
The lack of cooperation and teams between military heroes and veterans , says Mabuza , is a denial of government efforts in the face of their challenges .
He said that heroes of military personnel from the lunar sects of the past watched as they proselytized their identification points .
You should try and groom yourself , not looking for these groups between you because we do not understand why you are fighting about each other .
It is a thin and small-scale society that now grows old enough to fight against one another by seeing it , MKVA , and the military Council move quickly to resolve your problems .
This is not good for the nation .
Mabuza communicates with heroes from the South African Defence Force , Mkhonto we Sizwe. Azanian People Liberation Army and Venda Defence Force in Polokle. Limpo.
Capital David Mabuza convers with the South African Defence Force , Mkhonto we Sizwe. Azanian People Liberation Army and Venda Defence Force.
Though unhappy , heroes believe that there is a flame of confidence .
I am from Azania MVA. Hopefully , our problems will be solved , provided there will be cooperation between us and the national government .
Emmanuel Maake of the National MK council says that we have had all kinds of problems , including hygiene , necklaces , and payments for schoolchildren , and we are in dire straits .
Other Military heroes were unhappy that they were refused to enter the area where Mabuza stood by word to you .
They were not on the list of those who were to enter the Rakabi sport .
The Inkatha Freedom Party (IFP) sect is led by the Nquthu Politic in the North of the KwaZulu-Natal region to the provincial Department for under administration .
The decision was made by MEC of COGTA , Sipho hlomuka on Thursday .
He quoted the philosophical statements and high court rulings that the unrestrained appointment of other major meat managers was unsteady .
The Nquthu council said that MEC does not have the means to place a municipality under the administration .
The decision to challenge Hlomuka " s footsteps was taken during the Khans convention on Thursday , the day after the province of the Conservation Department makes an announcement to put the municipality under the administration .
In February , a provincial government put a municipality under the administration .
But the decision was reinstated by the National Officer Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma........
He said that there was no valid reason to put a municipality under the administration .
I feel that this strategy is not true , but it is MEC " s tactic because in the month of President Nkosazana Dlamini Zuma argues with COGTA " s decision in the province of reservation .
Dlamini- Zuma , so you have reminded yourself that the provincial government is linked to Part 139 1A , which means that they can direct , guide , and help the municipality.
KZN COGTA did not do that .
Yes , we have found the minimum profits of unemployment , just the reasons for the previous management , and the vital information available for the explosion of Lindokuhle Shabalala.
Nquthu " s municipality threatens to take COGTA to court
The IFP of the KwaZulu-Natal has denounced Hlomuka by assisting with the African National Congress (ANC), misuse of the municipality , under administration .
The chairman of the Professional Party. Thamsanqa Ntuli said that he wanted to transport the Nquthu Massage , even though they had lost the election in the area .
All of us know that IFP and met met effectively in Johannesburg City only in KZN is different .
That is why you see a tattoo against all our magistrates in the province of KZN.
We are very concerned about COGTA and COGTA " s COGTA , who permits a lock of councils in Nquthu to guide COGTA operations , so disappointing .
IFP has also been disappointed with me after giving the name of one of the district institutions in the province to the north , the name of the patient , the deceased Nomanble Mzala Nxumalo.
This action , in turn , will replace the discussions of forgiveness between two sects that were sorced by the leaders of both parties in the state of nationalism .
Patriarch David Mabuza has made it clear to military heroes that the government does not have the money in the hand to give the governmental heroes money to care for social needs and health needs .
He says that the problem had a Security Department , without a system of trouble dealing with them .
When he stood up for a band of military heroes , Mabuza said that it would begin to go well because of the arrival of the Factory Director of the Department .
We continue with provincial discussions and heroes of the Soldier .
Today , we are in Limpo on the Rakabi plain of Polok , and we are warmly welcomed by Prime Minister , Stanley Mathabatha .
He has asked the military heroes to be one platform instead of a fighter .
We are still going to repair the Army Department .
I can tell you that the Trainer [Irene Mr. Synod ] in the Department has already been selected .
You will start work on 7 of June .
Now there will be an interaction .
Second , the president has asked the Prime Ministerial Commissions to cooperate in this work , speaking Mabuza.
Vice President talks to the media about conversations with military heroes .
Vice President David Mabuza has urged the Solitary heroes through the political upheaval , plundering , and so that the government can give them adequate support .
Soldiers often complain that they do not have housing , health services , and other things from the government .
In the publication below , SABC speaks to a member of the archives of Venda Defence Force:
A talk with a group of military personnel in Limpo from the South African Defence Force (SADF), Venda Defence Force (VDF).
Mabuza says that the government is disturbed by the fact that military officials fight against one another .
He says that military personnel from earlier sects are still proselytized to expect who were in the administration when the positions of others in SADF and VDF were better .
You are a nation that continues to be small .
You are aging society .
So why do adults fight it ?
MKVA and a military council , you have to leave and settle your problems quickly.
This is not for society to add to the Mabuza.
SABC addresses MKVA Secretary of Limpo Lulamile Jack.
The State Conservation Department and Cultural Welfare (COGTA) in KwaZululu-Natal has authorized the Inkosi Langaliban Civilian speaker to investigate the charges of the attack against the councillor .
A councillor of IFP is mentioned to have struck two caravan women in zebras .
A spokesman for the KZN of COGTA. Senzo Mzila says that the MEC of State Conservation and the KwaZuluNatal , Sipho Hlomuka , has shown anxiety over the charges presented at the rural Inkosi Langalibala
The charges that one of the councillors has hit another Counselor .
MEC. Hlomuka has asked the Mass Secretary of Mass to investigate the causes of the event in order to give him a full-fledged bag , enlarging Mzila.
President David Mabuza of his position as chairman of the Constitutional Service Force for Special officials is expected to cooperate with military personnel in Poloke. Limpo.
You will consider the advancement of the provincial government by meeting the challenges facing military personnel .
Over the years , Soldiers from political and Transkei , Bophuthatswana , Venda , and Ciskei (TBVC) Games have complained that the government does not do enough to take care of their lives .
Among other things noticed by the service class led by Capital Mabuza , I need social relief , education education , and the building of dignified houses and the world for the Soldiers .
In a document from the president " s office , the Service Class continues to receive advancements that have been reached by various departments , with a sperm call to assist military officials .
A growing speculation is that the Pentateuch conservatively looks for a knit minister of Health , whereas reports of Zweli Mkhize may be preparing to retire .
Mkhize has been charged with an interest dispute over the $ 100 million C.E. that her department has given the Digital Vibes.
A Special Action of Special Studies (SIU) examines each other with an unstable ndara that was associated with national health insurance (NHI) and responsive governments .
The Mkhize failed to appear before the Patfolio Committee of the Health Health on Friday to follow legal advice .
The chairman of the Committee Ngk. Sibongiseni Dh flow says that I have had telephone discussions with Ngk. Mkhize yesterday night (Leight).
Here I have heard that he has been given legal thoughts
It is not a good idea now that he can join the Photefolio Committee because of the accusations that place his name in the picture .
So it is lawful for him not to come and express himself .
Mkhize " s absence in front of the Committee results in his being watched.
From there , political analyst Ngk. Dale McKinley says that Mkhize " s absence before the Fatefolio Committee makes things difficult , and many will ask questions about participating in the Digital Vibes.
McKinely says that it should encourage the Mkhize to retire for law .
Ngk Dale McKinley speaks of Mkhize " s absence before the committee.
The Department of Integrity states that the charges of crime against the Ngk. Zweli Mkhize minister of Health are a major factor in the country that conflicts with the Corona epidemic .
Contributions involving her departments , which have received a 150 million gymnasiums for the Degital Vibes.
Mkhizes " veterans control the company that has found a contract for the development of the National National Institute and government posts concerning Corona
Special investigations investigate the subject .
Last month Mkhize admitted that the preacher was unstable and said that the steps of reproof would be taken against the guilty .
There is the minister of Health that leads to our pestilence , a person whose words are not heeded , who cannot communicate with the media , who always takes refuge in responsibilities .
We have a Health minister who cannot answer polite questions about events taking place in his department , speaking to the Prior of the Department of atom Health. Meisie Lerutle.
Mkhize " s appearance in front of the Health Committee results in his being watched .
From there , political analyst Ngk Dale Mckinley says that the absence of the Tona of Health Ngk Zweli Mkhize in front of the Phoelio Gatefolio Committee makes him many problems for him , and many will ask questions about his role in the Venda of the Digital Vibes.
The analyst says: " The Oppositions are going to make the fodder not only , but it " s too much stress .
You must see that something is wrong here .
I have a case to answer .
I " m going to get out of my situation now .
People will respect this , and I think a bleeding should permit this and encourage it to happen .
Not only on Mkhize , with all its members facing serious accusations because that is the only way to cleanse the name of the sect and revise the public " s honesty when they appear to be carrying out this law .
Not only if he is convicted , although there is a perfect pocket .
But I think that is important , and the captain should take the locust .
Doctor Dale Mckinely in Mkhize " s presence before the Committee.
Political analyst Ngk Dale Mckinley says that the absence of Tona " s Ngk Zweli Mkhize in front of the Phoelio Committee makes him many problems , and many will ask questions about his role in the Digital Vibes.
The Mkhize is accused of having a friction of interest that he has stolen from a drawer of about $ 1.5 million in his communication department .
A Special research produces analysis of the irregular gymnasium of the National Health Inšhorens and the governments to respond to the Corona epidemic .
With the advice of his lawyers , the Mkhize has failed to appear before the Patfolio Committee on the Farm .
Ngk Zweli Mkhize is invited not to appear before the Fatefolio Committee of the National Parliament.
The chairman of the Sibongiseni Dh flow of the Committee says that it is a law for the Mkhize to appear before the committee.
I have had telephone discussions with Ngk Mkhize yesterday night.
Opposition organizations on the Phoepholio Committee have shown disappointment by Mkhize " s absence
Ngk Sibongiseni Dh flow in the absence of Tona Mkhize to the Parliament Committee:
The Opposition organizations have not enjoyed Mkhize " s activities .
They do not agree with the position that the case should not be taken publicly after DA raided at the police station at the Cape Town of Mkhize and Guide Karetso. Sandile Buthelezi.
DA has opened a bag of vandalism against Doctor Zweli Mkhize.
The Parliament Members of the EEF. Ngk Suzan Thembekwayo and Na Star Chirwa say that the situation in this respect is a sign that the committee cannot find a minister responsible .
This was an obvious sign that as a committee we cannot speak in one voice to bring a national department accountable , to say Thembekwayo.
So , too , we cannot talk about the matter because of an argument against a minister , what happens if the NPA brought the case to court ?
Let " s go to arms to the end ?
The contractor , Ivy Gcina , has been preserved in Gqeberha , East Cape .
His funeral was held in the house of Feather Market.
An 84-year-old woman suffers last week on Thursday after a long illness .
A special official burial was granted to him by the Patriarch Cyril
Service at the funeral of the recipient of the Ivy Gcina continues at the Feather market in Gqeberha.
An 84-year-old woman , Gcina , is tormented last week on Thursday after a long period of illness .
It was the Parliament S
Gcina has served as a Parliament member in Parliament since 1994 until 2004 .
He also worked on various programs of women " s organizations during racism .
He worked on the Women " s Port Elizabeth Black Civic Organisation Committee and was the first chairman of the Port Elizabeth.
He was also the leader of the United Democratic Front in the district.
During his time , he was arrested and persecuted many times .
Her family remembers her as a wise and lively wife .
His nephew , Lerato Gcina , says that they have learned much from him .
It saddens us that we have not been able to stay with you during your weakness .
We will miss your grandmother , soul , and strength alive in every one of us , and in the lives you have touched with love , wisdom , and beauty of your soul .
We love your grandmother , you were a special woman .
We thank you for your sacrifice and for everything you have done for us .
Mama Gcina lost three of her sons in the war when they worked as an army of uMkhonto weSizwe when her daughter died of natural death .
The contractor of Ivy Gcina , who struggles with prejudice , PEWO leader , awaits our people despite being tortured , beaten , choked , and trapped by the Defense Department .
She has lost her children in her struggle for the graduation .
Stress .
Report on Andile Lungisa (Ruthmlungisa), 20 In May 2021.
He has urged the modern-day members to follow these beliefs .
We look at someone who is truly special , an example of man we want to see in the African National Congress.
A dignified person , a responsibility member , a dedicated member of the African National Congress.
All of us should follow those who knew very well that it did not see , but that is about the country " s building .
The minister of Protection and Nosiviwe Maps-Nqakula commends But Gcina as a truster , a hero of the struggle for freedom .
He says that many people have been hurt by instructing a person who has given his life to fight for the circuit.
He was always in front of his fight against heroes in the National Party.
He was not hampered by the cruelty of the nation " s color-colored civilization .
He was not intimidated , even when the laws of government were rigid .
Mama Gcina leaves her two brothers and six grandchildren.
Democratic Alliance (DA) accuses the minister of Health Zweli Mkhize as well as Decayer of the department (DG) Sanhelezi by condemning the parliament .
Tona was expected to appear before the Fatefolio Committee on Friday.
Tona has told the Phoepholio Committee that he has been counseled by lawyers not to appear before the committee to discuss an assignment of a $ 100 million to Digital Vibes , when his Cardinal Responsibility said that he had been counseled not to take part in the contract .
This is after a member of the Parliament of DA.Siviwe Gwarub , opening a case against the two in Cape at the police station.
Gwarube , Evelyn Wilson , has refused the position of the African National Congress (ANC) for the bag to be subtle , answering.
It was not brought before the court .
The point has not been heard in court , and DG agreed to attend the convention.
One thing should be remembered if we are not responsible for Tona or DG. to see them as responsible for us , speaking Wilson.
The Digital Vibes: DA opens the charge of vandalism against Doctor Zweli Mkhize
Siviwe Gwarub says that met protects Mkhize
Spass accuses DA promptly against Mkhize and Buthelezi regarding the assignment of the Digital Vibes.
The Parliament member of the Parliament , Kenneth Jacobs , blames Gwarub on the fact that the committee has been unable to reason on the matter .
I want to insist that the members have rushed to open the bag of destruction , so the Guide and Tona have the right to do what they do to ensure that they do not interfere with their rights according to the Constitution , says Jacobs.
Criminal Accusion: the charges of the vaccine between the Health Department and the Digital Vibes
The deceased Ivy Gcina was vindicated as the champion of freedom .
The Solitary minister , Nosiviwe Maps-Nqakula , spoke at the funeral of the conspirator , Ivy Cikizwa Gcina , at his lodge in Gqeberha. , East Capeha. on Friday.
Gcina has been granted a formal funeral of the 2 specialized Class by Capital Cyril.
publication: Service for the funeral of the delegate Ivy Cikizwa Gcina.
Maps-Nqakula refer to many of the hurtful ones who are going to order the person who has given all his life to wander .
He used to wage war against the National Party.
Gcina. , aged 84. , has made up of many institutions during the war of racism , including Port Elizabeth Black Civic Organisation (PEBCO).
He was the first chairman of the Port Elizabeth (PEWO).
He had joined the African National Congress (ANCYL) during the 1950 " s and had worked in Parliament as the Parliament of African National Congress from 1994 to 2004 when he retired .
The canopy " s funeral , Ivy Cikizwa Gcina , is held in his hometown of Gqeberha. in East East East. Friday morning.
Gcina has been granted the official funeral of the 2-part group by the Capital Cyril.
A purgatory analyst Ivor Sarakinsky says that the architect of Cyril vote had to decide against Doctor Zweli Mkhize " s Health Board as he faced serious crime charges .
Sarakinsky says that the platform is not specifically connected with the point .
The charges of the Mkhize " s stealing from a $ 100-billion-dollar zone assignment to the communion company , Digital vibes.
Sarakinsky , says Sarakinsky , finds herself in a difficult situation because Mkhize is a doctor and knows what should be done with COVID 19 .
Tona Mkhize has made things difficult for the President Communicator , for in some cases of such an embarrassing democracy , profits are for the minister to discharge his work with a view to protecting and taking steps to correction .
So it is work to do .
And if that were true in South Africa , we would have had changes in all the disgraceful cabinets that appear in the media research and the Zondo Commission .
Get away from accusations .
On Wednesday , Capital Cyril Herald said that he had not met Mkhize " s charges and an assignment of $ 100 million for the Digital Vibes.
Pressure is increasing from DA and other organizations so that Mkhize canceled or displaced .
The president said that serious charges and should be thoroughly investigated by the Law-enforcement institutions and that the proper system will follow if research has been enveloped.
The Mkhize is expected to appear before the Parliament Committee on Friday.
From there , Mkhize will appear before the Parliamental Health committee on Friday morning to answer the charges of his involvement in the contract assignment of Digital Vibes.
The chairman of the National Conference Committee and the chairman of the chairmanship Committee Cedrick Frolick stamped on the SABC so that Mkhize will appear before the committee .
Frolick says that he received a official request for the Mkhize Committee for Mkhize " s appearance before the Health committee on Friday morning .
Frolick says that the private assembly and Mkhize and the Parliament and Health Committee will be held on Ur of 8 on Friday morning .
A follower of the Democratic Alliance (DA) The minister of Health , Siviwe Gwarub , is acquitted of vandalism at the police station at the City of Kapa.
You accuse the charge of violating the Commandment of Community Administrator Sanhelezi.
DA opens the crime against Doctor Zweli Mkhize.
The temporary provincial committee in the African National Congress (ANC) Foreignment has explained that it will take action against members facing vandalism without being halted.
The committee held discussions and leisure in Bloemfontein about the profits of its first convention held early in the week .
Vice the director Paska Nompondo says that there are three members involved .
In the meantime , I will say that there are three concerns and that we are already in contact with them this morning , facing this fact , the government officials who have appeared in court in this morning , the government should work
And on our side , as those in our place will be stopped today , if it fails , it will do what is right .
The provincial manager of met. Mxolisi Dukwana says that members who do not follow sectarian orphans will no longer be welcomed into the organization .
We would like to receive an energy to work with members of the Society " s Society in met.
We have shown that no man is a hero; members of the society of an apartheid , no one is a supporter of any leader .
A. they are members of the people , and we must make sure that we find good habits , and members of the organization will always follow the organization rather than the people .
Mxolisi Dukwana has been appointed as a composer of the temporary Committee of the Foreisetat Province .
Doctor Zweli Mkhize will appear before the Parliamental Health Committee on Friday morning to answer the charges of his participation in the Digital vibes .
The chairman of the National Conference Committee and the chairman of the chairmanship Committee Cedrick Frolick Frolick has stamped the SABC so that Mkhize will appear before the committee.
The Pressure continues to increase so that the Architect consent to the Mkhize should take action to follow the course of accepting a $ 100-billion-dollar [ $ 1.5 million ] millennial Digital Vibes .
Thendara was for services connected with the national Inšhorens and the governmental theory of the covid 19.
DA opens the charge of vandalism against the Mkhize
Meanwhile , the Democratic Alliance (DA) minister of Health , Siviwe Gwarube , charges the crime against the Mkhize at the police station in the Cape City .
He is also responsible for violating the Commandment of National Community Condemnation Administration Administrator Ngk Sante Buthelezi.
This may be followed by the revelation that Mkhize " s family may be stolen from the blood of the $ 1.5 million U.S. [ $ 3
The council is employed by an old Mkhize Family Spokesman , a friend of the family , Tahera Mather , and his complement , Naadhira Mitha.
DA opens the crime against Doctor Zweli Mkhize
Get away from accusations .
On Wednesday , Capital Cyril conspicuously argued against the charges of Zweli Mkhize and the inconsistencies of $ 100 million in Digital Vibes
There are serious charges to be investigated by SIU and other specific branches and to expel it without delay .
The president of Alaska , without any connection with the charges against Doctor Zweli Mkhize.
Democratic Alliance (DA) an admission for the Universe of Health .Ngk Zweli Mkhize
A follower of the DA. Tom of Health Siviwe Gwarub has acquitted against the Mkhize on Thursday at the police station in the Capital Board under the law of crime .
Accusations have appeared with regard to the Mkhize and the $ 1.5 million telecommunications of the Digital vibes.
DA has made a charge against the General " s Office at the department of Ngk Sandile Buthelezi for the error of the Law of Commandment .
Gwarube says that we open up charges against Tona Mkhize , accusations have increased in the last few weeks that Tona may have signed the Digital Vibes contract accidentally , the company is maneuvered by acquaintances and is estimated to be worth $ 1 million (U.S.).
Our emotions are that it does not violate the law of the Debate and the crime .
A Special Eunice of Special Studies (SIU) analyzes the point , telling Scopa that they hope to complete the study at the end of the month .
President Cyril Ramaphosa announced that the Mkhize is a cooperative one .
Still , Gwarube says that Mkhize had to be stopped for the first time . We realize that the president had failed yesterday to use his leadership to discontinue Mkhize , while an explosion of research from the SIU.
We feel that this is wrong , thinking that there is an admission for a minister to continue his work while research is being done .
Mkhize is charged with signing a contract that is accused of being his friends , Tahera Mather and Naadira Mitha , for government communications service .
Just what is meant has led to Mkhize , his family , and two-member families .
In another case , the National Protector opens a case of contempt and the Brooklyn police .
This is after Mkhize " s failing three times to respect his examination .
Subjects have been sent between the month of February and the month of this month .
The president Ninevite Language typed in with the news media on a wide range of points to follow his answer , as to his standard for president 2021ś22
The National Security Officer " s Office says that it will introduce contests to the system of judgment , the Minister of Health Zweli Mkhize to follow the failure of honoring his lawsuits , providing jackets , and producing calves .
This is due to a study of the charges of conspiracy or failure of his department for the use of the Clinical Associate National Task Team in 2017.
In a warning , Mkhize " s Community office said that Mkhize had failed to respect the courts three times .
The case will be opened at the police station in Brooklyn Hatfield , Pretoria this week .
Public Protection will introduce tensions against Ngk Zweli Mkhize.
From there , Democartic Alliance (DA), Siviwe Gwarube , has a criminal case protested against Mkhize at the police station in the Cape City .
After the revelations that the Mkhizes family may be producing from the zone of $ 1.5 million U.S. [ $ 1.5 million U.S. ] catalyst for Digital vibes
The contract had to do with the program for the National Health Inšhorens and the government " s theoretical theoretical theocracy of the
On Wednesday , the president of Washington said that he was confronted with accusations connected with Zweli Mkhize and an unstable $ 100 million of the Digital Vibes
There is increasing pressure from DA and other organizations to get the Mkhize resigned or discontinued .
U.S. President Cyril responds to the sessions of the 2021 Pentecostal Constitutional Administration during Thursday evening
This follows his description of Wednesday .
National Social Conference has issued a temporary Rehabilitation Committee for a section of 25 of the Constitution of 30 days to complete its work .
A committee has been assigned to provide a legal basis for the development that will allow earth " s diplomacy , with an application of the graduation week .
The life of that one ended at midnight of the Refreshment .
The chairers on the National Conference , Cedrick Frolick , said that this did not change the direction of the Committee.
The direction of the Committee will be that way .
The committee would be made ash and were asked to return with a spectacle at the end of the month of August , and when they asked for a 30-day graduation program , we know that the Court would be a resting-place even if they finished in 30 days of August .
Parliament held public declarations by turning the proposal to renovate Part 25 of the Constitution .
This follows the request made by the Democratic Alliance (DA) to allow oral warnings on the shore of Constitutional Disco
The temporary committee connected with the matter has received over 200,000 written complaints .
It now carries the proposal to refine the Constitution to carry out the law of deprivation of property without payment .
There is now a horrific debate in the development of civilization .
However , the COSATU movement supports the development and policy of Materialization .
The highest Law on earth
The Constitution of the South African Republic is the Law
The 108 Parliament of 1996.
It is the highest law on earth .
So every other law that does not match the Constitution does not work , without being corrected until it is corrected to survive the certificate of the Constitution .
The edict of Rights in Chapter 2 is still the basis of democracy as warned in the Constitution .
It is a region of defense against human dignity , the right of life , the freeness of a warning , the balance of secret liberation , religious freedom , freedom of thought , and thinking .
Other capitals include political rights , commercial liberation , jobs , and academics .
Yet , all rights are based on standards
To change most of the Declaration of the Rights requires most of the two-thirds .
One example requires two thirds of cubs as a legal expression of property , a statement under Part 25 of the Constitution .
It is under the decree of Part 25 where the world " s diplomacy and possessions are
Of course , a legal statement is developed by a temporary committee to renovate Part 25 of the Constitution to allow worldly divorce without charge .
Part 25 is currently based on the 18th Administration Constitution .
This means that it is the 18th time of the Absite Constitution .
Suggested report by Mercedes Besent.
A sugary member of the African National Congress (ANC) of the Foreiseta Procession Committee (IPC) should base your work plans on Thursday .
The company chosen in the Sun , goes to speak to the reporters later in the morning of Thursday .
The Society " s Festival of Healings says that the first profit of the IPC convention held in this kind will be the one to be watched .
The attraction of the secretary-Century Ace Magashule , the Iconomist , Mxolisi Dukwana , hired as an Appetite , and Prime Minister Sisi Ntombela , as his Mailman , has decided to view the province as a conference .
A council designed after the contests of members of the sect conquers the Supreme Court of Appeals , which has obtained an illegal and unscriptural Community Committee .
Indignant members of Foreisetata receive SCA judgment
Several branches in the Hittites vow to support the Shulammite .
Members from 35 branches of the Western Rocks have rebuked the temporary seclusion of Secretary-General , Ace Maccate in the sect.
His temporary training began with 3 Introductions .
The caves have become a movie bandage and face up to fraudulent charges , crime , and illegal loans connected with the zones in Foreiseta , which were released during his time as High Priest of the provinces .
Members of the regional section in Mahika meet only after the news that Magashul has been stopped .
Members trust in supporting the Shulammites in beauty and badness .
The leader of the swords on the College of the Maker " s Maker Molem , Devote , and president of the Magazine .
Herman Mashaba " s political party , ActionSA , has denounced the A Frenchhoran Cycle (IEC) by requesting gifts for political parties through the Multi-Party Democra Fund.
The Ark has been enforced according to the Law of Sustained Politic Gardens , which has been mosquitoed this year .
Yona intends to raise and dispense donated funds from the national branch to represent political parties .
Just two months after the episode of this one , Multi-Party Democracy Fund is under the test chest .
ActionSA explains that the IEC tramples the constitutional policies on the ark .
It accuses the concordat by checking for ten political parties on the National Social Conference and does not include political parties , such as ActionSA , with an election of 2024 national elections .
ActionSA addresses the head of IEC. Sy Mama Archive and Villager Sheburi to get the IEC chest gather to the Multi-Party Democracy
IEC made it a point to ask for 14 political parties represented in the National Social Conferences , which have already received billions in public colporteurs each year from tax industries .
It is not tolerated in the IEC activities of particular politics when Frenchmen fail to do so , speaking to ActionSA Lerato Ngobeni.
Herman Mashaba of ActionSA accuses IEC of asking for gifts for political parties
By the beginning of the year , IEC indicated that it took steps to further the Ark .
The Ark can eradicate corruption by promoting political parties and financial aids .
Democracy is expensive , and the balloon department alone cannot provide for the support of balloons for political parties , especially under extreme circumstances .
It confirms that we continue to enjoy enthusiasm , joy , and powerful support of sectarians with the hope that the ark will tenderly provide and open hands so that the business facilities , people and other organizations can drop the nets to other sects without directly participating or trying to express themselves or to induce the IEC Jaratot Leto .
A sect addresses a composite CEO and CEO chairman , demanding that the fund be quickly replaced and that the money sent is returned to its owners .
ActionSA has given the IEC until Friday. to respond to their needs , or they will take the matter to court .
Gavjaana , Khomiše , is still headed over the matter and will be marked in the future .
The president of Washington , with charges against Doctor Zweli Mkhize , the minister of Health , and an incompetent $ 1.5 million gymnasium .
In Parliament , the president gave a talk at the poresedente Principle
He says that serious charges and should be thoroughly investigated by law-enforcement institutions .
Inside the president , we are followed when the investigation program has been climaxed.
Cyclerosis charges at the Department of Health are serious and are a test to combat corruption .
The secretary of the Arabic Constitution Counsel , Lawson Naidoo , explains that the charges of those who require loyalty in the Department of Health are a serious test for combating corruption .
Naidoo says that the story is a symbol of even the admiration of the African nation .
This is a symbol of the South African nation " s nationality for a serious matter .
The point of dedication by government , how determined they are to combat corruption .
We are going to receive a prayeroroto from the Chief Judge for three months to explain how we will be in a state state state .
And we go through difficult times as they stare at us .
Is there any hope that Zondo " s Company will be held before the legal court ?
Pressure from DA.
Pressure is increasing from the Democratic Alliance (DA) and others for the resignation of the Mkhize or the retirement of the Parentist .
Mkhize said that research on the sales of millions of dollars in his Department found that the operations and communication company , Digital Vibes , were inconsistent .
Mkhize refuses to participate
Mkhize protests that she has participated in the unstable contract of millions of dollars by her Department .
This is after the Special Eunice of Studies found that the connection between the Department of Health and the advent of communications.Digital Vibes was unstable .
The following prayeroroto for the Department " s payment of Digital Vibes 150 million for services connected with National hygiene and government theories to the covid-19-19-19-19-19
Mkhizes communication for Digital vibes:
The money paid to Digital Vibes , says the Mkhize , has been found to be futile and bloody .
The predetermined case of Secretary-General ACE Magashule , who was temporarily halted , is expected to be heard before the end of the month of June .
The highest court is expected to listen to the matter .
The caves have been stopped shortly after refusing to take sides with the resolution of the sectarian resolution.
A Conversation With a Secretary-General , temporarily drafted , ACE Mass:
The National Community Committee ordered her to apologize publicly to the regions after writing a kemiso letter to the Peninsula , the Platform of Cyril. He simply refused and continued the matter in court .
The National Social Service Committee meets to discuss ACE Magazine " s Discrimination .
The cave has dug for the service of the Great Khanss , Spokesman Dali Mpofu.
He wants his medium to be removed .
Shulammite " s Morals do not understand
During the past week , Washington explained the shocking and incomprehensible behavior of the Clouds .
A spokesman for Nurday Mabe said that the constitution of the sect is being tried .
Tests are not in trouble .
Unfortunately , the Constitution to meet has been applied to trial .
The sect has already been summoned to a statement that describes the opposition of the Secretary-General " s request .
As long as the courts are followed in the manner in which they are followed , they should protect themselves and its Constitution , as well as protect and defend and defend their decisions .
Pule Magash refers to the decision of Magashule " s court and the conduct of the other large members at Zuma " s trial .
The machete has the right to perform his duties in a prophetic way
While we are still there , some have interviewed Mpofu " s decision to represent the Scrolls and President Jacob Zuma in his criminal case.
The leader of EF Julius Malema says that Mpofu has the right to perform his duties in a provincial way , without fear , and the sect cannot interfere with his civilian career .
EFF physician can examine Jacob Zuma when he is sick; They have taken a job vow and should allow it .
We cannot say to a doctor that if Zuma is ill , she will be opposed to her vows .
The same is true of legal counsel .
We should allow them to do their work outside the political boundary; we should respect the responsibilities of seeing the provincials
We cannot say that the EFF would not be able to enclose literature; that would be a personal and prophetic oppression to them .
We will end up telling people who love one another but who never loves one another .
Leave people to their prophetic activities
When it comes to political matters , Dali does his work without fear; when it comes to his career as a railway , he does not ask permission from us .
THE EF says that it does not contain an infidelity as a spokesman .
Dali Mpofu is a representative in court .
The president Cyriløe presents the standard for his office .
His standard takes place at a time under pressure to expel Zweli Mkhize , the minister of Health as further charges of the Digital Vibes.
On Tuesday , other politically opposed sects have accused the African National Congress (ANC) in Parliament to ask simple questions and to express themselves about the Law of Tragedy .
They said that Parliament did not have a language in the peninsula .
Some have asked which part of Parliament plays to confirm the Mkhize " s response to the Vendas of Vibes
Political parties will argue at the constitution of the architect , and he will respond to it on Thursday .
The president Nicekeeper drills his vaccine on the National Conference
The minister of Health Zweli Mkhize opposes and participates in deposing his Department to the millions of contract
After the Special Eunice of Research , it found that the discussions of the Enjoyment Departments , the Digital Vibes were inconsistent .
It follows a newspaper headline for the payment of the Digital Vibes million for services connected with national health inadequates and response to the COVID " s epidemic of government .
The president stood for the SIU foot on the inconsistencies of the Digital Vibes
The president of Cyril Ramaphos will present the standard for his office in Parliament at noon .
The following are Parliamental systems .
Democratic Alliance (DA) has interviewed part of Parliament in accusing the doctor Zweli Mkhize , the minister of Health to account for the charges of an unstable contract of communication , Digital Vibes.
Contrast sects of the African National Congress (ANC) parliament members of the African National Congress (ANC), revealed during the Parliament " s famine .
Opposition agencies say that members consult large-scale inquisitors find simple questions , and others do not answer written questions .
They have warned of the Law of a catastrophe , that Parliament does not speak in the rules of opposing mankind
A DA Jacques Julius ride says that he will suppose members of his property and that he can play a part of his or her on the whirlwind to take responsibility .
We can carry out our work in a balanced way . The best start is to ask reasonable questions , whether written on the floor or in the mouth . They stop asking questions that are weak .
Criminal charges between the Department of Health and the Digital Vibes:
While we are still there , the pressure of President Cyril concert to dismiss Mkhize remains high , when accusations continue against Tona.
The Digital vibes , a contracted company , is reported to care for the health-care industry (NHI) and the theaters of COVID 19 " s epidemics , reportedly being paid to support the privacy of Mkhize " s family vaccines .
The council is also charged with sending up to $ 1,000,000 for all businesses , a corporation that Mkhize " s son is the sole Guide .
SIU watches the contract between Digital Vibes and Health Department .
National Social Networks Thandi Modise insists that the Pan African Parliament , Midrand. Johannesburg , is the African Union Council , and therefore the laws of the Institute should be applied.
The Pan African Parliament has been halted after parliament members are causing three consecutive days .
Members of the hated unity of elections and Southern groups influence the transformation of leadership as did the African Union , whereas Oriental and West groups oppose it .
PAP today.
The shepherd gave one another award in the nationalistic language of the Community .
He says that the Store is expecting PAP to follow the rules .
We receive PAP as a country , with members waiting for us at the center , and we need to take positive interest in PAP. Especially in PAP.
Smoke is found faulty: Whether we " re guilty or not , but the fact is that we haven " t played our part as well as the receivers and rectify it .
The members of Parliament rebuke the confusion .
A parliament member of N. Bhekizizwe Radebe condemns chaos and hurdles .
South Africa is a PAP manager and has representatives of the Parliament .
Radebe says that events from Midrand can make the continent unresponsive .
What happened in PAP was truly disappointing , and it should be reproved that such morals can be shown worldwide .
How will other worldly chapters take us to heart if we are able to treat one another ?
Molem requests the AU.
The leader of the Economic Freedom Fighters (EFF) Julius Malema says that the African Union needs to intervene in the factors presented by Pan African Parliament (PAP) in Midrand. Johannesburg.
Malma. , who was present at the convention , explained the disappointment of events.
The argument is powerful .
People have different opinions .
We have stopped the convention to discuss further matters .
Hopefully , there will be a solution , and our proposal is to bring a person from AU to intervene and deliver the elections .
There are two letters from AU that the colleagues refuse to respond to and debates related to letters from AU.
So if someone from AU comes to guide us , all of us can cooperate .
The African National Congress Women League (ANCWL) says that it is disillusioned with a male , incident in Pan-African Parliament (PAP) incident in Mosupologo.
In Senegal War , Djibril War appeared on a camera to kick a member of the parliament , Pemmy Majidina , during disputes .
In a warning , Cde Pemmy. described the incident in public and said that he was trying to intervene and stop the clashing battle between the two men of the leaders , only to find himself beaten and humiliated to the extremity.
As GraWL denounces Djibrils. and we are so disappointed that the leader of his social status could trample a woman in such a manner .
Its members will be standing outside the Parliament of Pan-African because of the Majodinas attack .
They call to PAP to stop war .
Majodina was determined to open the case against the Senegal representative .
She has , of course , changed her attitude after War apologized for herself .
A PAP member of Senegal enlists a commitment to Majodina.
Democratic Alliance (DA), up until now , 50,000 people have signed a call against the Reformed Counsel of Flowers .
The Law " s standard can be legalized , preventing handbirths of guns in case of protection .
It will also reduce the number of guns one person can carry on .
DA is in opposition to the Edict and appeals to many to sign the appeal .
A police spokesman , Andrew Whitfield , says that a small rifle in the law is one way that the Anglo-Americans can protect
DA believes that the revised law of guns is one of the long-term arsenals .
In essence the policy of removing a defense as a reason for a gun.
DA believes that in social turmoil , as in Arabic , it is unstable and unconscious .
DA is also concerned about the firefighting faculties as well as the protection of the provincials and the Illustrations of the Law , which are allowed to see , explain Whitfield.
The Congress of the People (COPE) likewise opposes the Law and says that it will incite some of the Opposition movements to oppose it .
A spokesman for the sect , Dennis Bloem , says that all French soldiers have the right to protect themselves .
Pornography is embarrassing and mad
This evaluation is not psychological innocence .
It is evident that the government does not take the lives of its citizens seriously .
Volunteers with flowers will grow more law-abiding citizens than before explaining Bloem.
The government says that the proposed law will help to alleviate vandalism .
The president of the African National Congress (ANC) of yesterday , Thabo Mbeki , is an organization should take care of members who join the sect with a view to continuing selfish interests.
He spoke at the convention in the Province of the Exodus (PEC) Capital in the East .
The three-day convention in Northern PEC was stable for stabilizing the sect.
Mbeki says that greedy living organisms have ruined the organization and have split up its responsibilities to improve the lives of the poor .
Because we are not yet discussing the case of the retired president of the Nelson Mandela in 1997 , about greedy living organisms , unsuccessfully unacceptable .
If we get chewed down , can it refine me to those greedy people , and the answer has been psychologically incomprehensible , explaining Mbeki.
The retired president of the university Mbeki university has reached the three-day supplementary PEC convention that began today .
The National Business minister , Malusi Gigaba , has denounced at the State Research Commission to have received sacks from Gupta " s family .
Gigaba continues to testify after being accused by a number of pockets , including his wife , Nomachule , by getting along with the family in question .
He explains that his wife , who is on a course of separation , tries to find fault with him about the separation .
If he was there , and he saw when I was given blood , then he is also involved in the crime .
So if he was directed to his elevator , he would say that he did not get a blood bag or when he was given blood in the middle of the butter and think it came from Gupta to speak the old Tona .
I couldn " t tell the chairman his purposes .
The fact that he did not see when I was given money or took it to a car and tried to install security guards is because there was no such money to describe Gigaba.
The choir listens to a pocket connected with Gupta.
Gigaba goes on to refute all the accusations against her wife " s
The minister of the past has rejected Nomachule " s rights at a computer in connection with the chairman of the South African Airways (SAAA), Dudu Myeni , that he gave him instructions from the Papresent Jacob Zuma.
Gigaba also objects to the testimony of her wife that Myeni has at one time made the threat of returning to her seat of the Legaero minister , which is lower if she does not follow
Next will continue on Tuesday .
It will listen to the poet associated with Prasa from two employees in Rail Agency , including the Head of the Legal Party , Martha Ngoye.
Transnet. Gary Pita , an administrator of the antelopes of Transnet , Gary Pita , will stand up and
The trial will begin at 3pm.
The minister of National Businesses , Malusi Gigaba , continues to debate all the charges against the opponent at the State survey in Johannesburg , by his wife , Noma.
Gigaba also disagrees with her talks at the composition that the French chairman Dudue Myni gave her instructions from President Jacob Zuma.
I would look stupid if I said I didn " t understand why , but Myeni was on her seat because I was Tona when she was appointed .
We have asked Kabinete to hire a cane and accept his appointment as chairman , one of those who made the board of the tunnel set by Tona Hogan.
Last week , Gigaba objects to his wife " s charges of business affairs and Gupta " s diplomats .
Gigaba recalls going several times to the Gupta , Sahara Computers in Johannesburg for invitations .
He insists that he had social relations with Gupta " s and not business affairs .
Gigaba told Chief Justice Raymond Zondo that he continued to meet Gupta and after his enthronement as Tona.
Building a strong bond with political parties , luxuries , and other participants are symbols of success in the Prepared Choice (IEC) in the West .
This was according to clergyman Courtney Sampson , chairman of the IEC Province 22 years .
Sampson has retired early in the month .
She dropped her first bill at the age of 38.
Five years later , he was elected as chairman of a national election .
From there , the capital of the Mbeki is expected to make warnings about the convention and the sectarian refinement .
You will have a part in the invention of an apartheid organization .
A spokesman forbasing PEC. Loyiso Magqashela says that the convention will emphasize the legacy of the founders of the organization to help those who follow now .
To reinforce the point of refinement and convention , we must take the wisdom of those taking the lead in the past so that the refinement can be properly directed .
Today , you can understand that a tunnel is under pressure from left. right and middle
The process of refining is now going to be important .
We want to exert a strong influence on the authority and leadership of the people in the community. Speaking Magqashela.
Magqashela says that the Refreshment will communicate with different members of the congregation to listen to their concerns .
In May 21,2021. The political deacon Luvuyo Dondolo said that it takes a long-term solution to keep the organization alive .
He says that a quiver can revive confidence after so many solutions , just ahead of them , that they will need to work hard .
This is after the East Cape organization speaks of taking wisdom to the leaders of the past , including the Mbeki to participate at the three-day turmoil committee convention now taking place .
The participation of fanatic leaders as Thabo Mbeki , leaders who have been recognized for legalization in a way that softens the organization , is a primitive strategy , a strategy that uses to quench the hearts of the electors and merely needs long-term strategies for a short-term solution to win voys for certain cities and cities .
The African National Congress (ANC) has called an enlarged three-day convention of the provincial committee (PEC) in East London International Convention Centre in East Cape.
An old president of Gilead , Thabo Mbeki , is expected to sound warnings about the connection with the sectarian refinement.
We will bring all those concerned under the same spot because , most important to us , ʽathons are libraries , worries before leaders , so that when they make warnings to the president of old , they will have the ability to talk to others and try to respond to the facts they can do .
The encyclopedia of the National Aforika (ANC), Jessie Duarte says that , contrary to negative feelings , the objectives of the first step are not to look at one person .
His talk comes after editor Ace Magashul consulting a high court in Johannesburg to ask to reveal the constitution and set aside resolution .
After refusing to retire , he was stopped .
Galaxy faces several scams of fraud , hyperbole , a blood system connected with an unacceptable rumor of an assignment of more than $ 1.5 million on a buses council.
Magashule was given an hour to apologize for the branches , after writing a retirement letter to the president of the conference .
He speaks at the nineth conference in Northern Cape in Namakwa , Duarte , when it comes to the decision of those charged with serious vandalism .
The commuteti John Block when he was convicted , did not hesitate to stand up .
The commencement Marius Fransman , Żnka continues , a continuous list of architecture .
The cabinet Pallo Jordan stands out .
The communal Mdu Manana has moved aside .
The problem is not with a certain person but , of course , when the problem arises .
The issue is regarding a resolution .
A general secretary from the workplace Ace Magashule leads to court .
The chairman of Northern Cape , Doctor Zamani , Saul , who is expected to carry on the work , has rebuked members of the national turbulence (NEC) who fail to heed their decisions and carry out their tasks directly .
In recent weeks , members of the NEC have released news and national conventions , the first that Saul considers to be a degrading thought .
Referring to the ninth conference of the provinces in Namakwa , Saul said that NEC had the responsibility of providing for the leadership of all the institutions and the nation .
We don " t have to fight fights and fights in the NEC; we cannot get political devastation .
We have members who have converted the NEC noC and the finest chewing produce of the NEC diplomats and the media .
This is very dangerous political systems , and vocabulary should be stopped .
Zamani says that a bucket should return the damaged image: The kidnapping of the members .
The opposing sects of Saul in the province of Gabriel are accusing him by stealing members of the members .
The conference was postponed Friday night.
It was to be the last conference of the chapter. before the next week " s conference .
Saul , also prime minister of Northern Cape , says that the secret committee of the province will meet on Saturday for further communication .
All branches are not registered because institutions were sent to the provincial writer but not according to the secretary " s chapter .
A sect member of the Olboga Lenter says: " They are looking for branches and ambassadors .
Suggested by Reginal Witbooi.
Humans flocked to bring life after the death of an incarnation , Ivy Cikizwa Gcina , 84 years old .
The Society in the state of Nelson Mandela Bay described his death as a terrible plague on the organization .
Gcina has entered the Chinese community in the 1950 " s and is active in riots and protests against blacksmiths .
He led the women " s committee , after the inauguration of Port Elizabeth Black Civic Organisation (PEBCO), was also designed as the first chairman of the Port Elizabeth Miriam Organisation (PEWO).
Mourners visited the home of Gcina to bring revelries .
Seeing includes those who have fought; like Benson Fihla , Nceba , and Litho Suka.
Mama Gcina has also lost three of her boys in the battlefields , two in the third.
All his boys were members of the Umkhonto we Sizwe.
In his chapter , log says that his inheritance will not be forgotten .
Nceba Faku , a member of the district of met met met metL NEC , refers to his participation in the struggle for the graduation .
All his children were tormented in the refuge and were important in the fight against oppression , only a painful loss , he was eighty years old , and his wisdom would not be forgotten , to speak Faku.
He wanted to change people " s lives and bring relief to women , and he liked lotteries with us , a sad loss to our organization , to say Sihlwayi.
Gcina runs away from her brother , sister , and grandchildren .
A family spokesman is Andile Hashe. A says that he lived for an apartheid organization .
The only thing he knew and lived for , was the affair. He loved each one of us , peacefully sleeping in peace .
Gcina was a member of the parliament after the 1994 election and had retired in 2004 .
You will be buried the next week on Saturday.
Report on the Fndo Nomoyi.
Palement celebrated the 25th year of the constitution.
The final constitution is adopted in December 1996 and on January 1997.
Palement held a conference today to remind itself of its customs and regulations .
It is praised as a good foundation for the world and is strong enough for human rights and dignity that follow during the millenniums of discrimination and discrimination , the Souther
Twenty seals since the constitution of the Southern Aforika constitution , the lawmakers of the country still disagree with its value .
While most political parties have explained the success of their discovery , others view it as a tool of oppression and possessions .
The two Parliaments held a contest for 25 years of constitutional recognition .
In 1996 the Southern Parliament held the conference of the Community to receive its constitutional constitution .
At the so-called sona platform , an editorial vice president gave a lecture of a famous legal document .
Two and a half years , many of the French-Americans are afraid of a live composition of hopes and dreams .
A means of deliverance .
During the controversy , the minister of international relations and the cooperation of Na Star Pandor , he glorifies those who have taken part in the edict of the state .
He has praised the leaders of the African National Congress (ANC); such as the deceased Zola Skweyiya and Kader Asmal " s important role in sona.
Pandor says that cult leaders; such as King Mangothu Buthelezi , James Selfe of the Democratic Alliance (DA), Kenneth Meshoe of the African Democratic Party (ACDP) have played a useful role .
Pandor , who has participated in a joint argument , says that a punctuation links the country " s people in another legal process cannot connect them .
About millions of those who have made our constitution
Not only those attending the constitutional convention.
Not just a few .
It is our free to talk in Nkrumah , Patrice Lumumba , Sekou Toure.
In parliament and government , we have a key role in honoring men and women and millions of others .
We have to continue to make it clear that the positions of human service are honorable to speak Pandor.
Looking back at the 25 years of the constitution , the new French political parties are contagious .
Some of the most self-appointed lawyers in the country were still apprehensive when the constitution was accepted
And it sees those who hold it high .
One finds the DA Natasha Mazzone " s paradox that those who want to belittle the calf are ignored .
He said that it was the work of all parliament members who had vowed to keep the Constitution. They should do so .
It is therefore vital that if a calf is despised , we should view it as a scheme to overthrow the government .
We cannot afford high-ranking politicians to make statements that say the Constitution is discriminated or not considered or more .
We must have the same pressure in the languages , as well as the power to take them away from their rights in prison to speak Mazzone
Although Buthelezi has given the leadership of the IFP sect to chewed , young leaders continue to be seen by most of his members as a politician whose advice is respected .
She says that although she did not enjoy some of the Constitutional services , she rejoiced over the role her sect played in her essay .
EF criticizes the Constitution .
The Economic Freedom Fighters (EFF) states that the Southern Aforika Constitution did nothing to undo the oppression of blacks .
The Society says that I should be true , protecting those who have stolen from human oppression , while millions of blacks still live under extreme poverty .
The chairman of the EFF Ntombovuyo Mente says that the sect cannot rest until the Constitution is renovated to allow the land to be deprived without wages .
It enforces the same morals between the demands of many lives that have been deprived of their babies and the interests of a small number of those who take away .
It reflects on the earth and on you , those who have been persecuted alive in peace with persecutors , see , and see without justice , and accept past mistakes .
It means not only recognizing the injustices we have in the past but also protecting those who have committed such injustices , and their children. Speaking Mente.
How have Government and Southern Africa upheld the Constitutional values ?
The security committee committee has called the security minister Nosiviwe Maps-NNqakula to appear before the one who answers the charges of theft .
Polisa-NNqakula is charged with receiving gifts and money for five million , from a U.S. military championship (SANDF).
Bantu Homisa , head of the United Democratic Movement (UDM) , has brought charges to the committee , claiming that someone gave him information .
Police-Nqakula has written a committee to refute accusations .
However , the chairman of the committee Elleck Nchabeleng says that they need to get more information from the minister and the reporter .
We first work and find time to communicate with a minister so that we can get his answers.
Then we might ask questions .
We need information , such as a statement or a vow , and we know that someone has written something about us .
We need something visible from that person .
The Hallmis refers to Maps-Nqakula in five million scandals .
In April , the Democratic Alliance (DA) has called President Cyrilę to institute urgent research on the charges that Nosiviwe Map-Nqakula has destroyed millions of taxpayers by paying airports and luxurious seats .
The Society says: " You have to be picked out of the wages , and research oxen is still waiting .
The security minister of DA Kobus Marais claims that documents with evidence have been handed over to a combination of security committees , and they provide a glimpse of five reasons that may be considered in Map-Nqakula.
Emphasis from DA and others is placed in order for Zweli Mkhize to resign or to be delegated by the president of Washington .
The national health department tells stories of the inappropriate Constitution of the Digital Vibes . In special research , Eunice investes charges that the health department paid the Digital Vibes 150 million for services connected with the national Inšense " s health and government government " s epidemic COVID.19
Contributions between the health department and the Digital Vibes.
An analyst for the unstable Tessa Dooms has raised questions about the truth of Mkhize after refusing to share in the unstable contract for millions of his department .
Tahera Mather , the Mkhize dictator and assistant Naadhira Mitha , are reported to control the Digital Vibes , and when both see it as solvents .
Doom says that it is difficult to believe Mkhize , since he contradicted himself in the media .
It is hard to believe him when he has acted against him during a mediation convention .
He said that he did not know. Until the time came for him to know that he had participated in organizing assemblies and enforcements , so he realized on one occasion .
But it would be a higher stance for the conditions of work to be done in his office and not to have a glimpse of it .
Suggested report Risha Maduray.
The chairman of a government concordance at Johannesburg , Justice Raymond Zondo , says that the President Herald is going to appear in front of the comic during the rear in June
And as president of the land he will appear .
His past look , he was president of the African National Congress (ANC).
The conservation was planned to provide the bag the following week without ever doing so .
Zondo says that he is going to introduce another date during the month of June , and the parliament will appear on you .
The constellation will be the last pocket to give the poet a mouth at a concordat that avoids completion before starting to form the yogurt .
State Capture Inquiry: 25 Sun 2021
During the preceding month there occurred before the Khomišn as President of lobby .
You must also make excuses for closing as the president of the government .
In the second century , comic chairman , Archaeologist Raymond Zondo said that they hoped to complete the poet at the end of the month of Marcher , but they took care to make this possible .
He has said that he will make amends as possible and will apply to a limited court of restoring the Khomišn Clock .
Zondo said that it was important for high-ranking officials in government institutions (SOEs) when charges of laziness and arrest were given time to complete the evidence .
Chief Justice Zondo said that the Khomišene understands the fact that there are requests to stop interviewing .
He proposed that the Khomišene could make certain differences , and some pockets could be called.
The official practitioner Llewellyn Curlewis refers to a special request made by Jacob Zuma , president of the retirement , Billy Downer , in his court of Pietermaritzburg , as a very difficult request .
The Zuma and the French armament corporation of weapons during the high court of Pietermaritzburg.
The issue has been reversed in Phukwi 19 so that the arguments can be heard by Judge Piet Koen.
Curlewis says that the security department will have to give special reasons in the court of special appeal for success .
On Wednesday of the week , Zuma " s law class , led by spokesman Dali Mpofu , presented a lecture at the courtroom for the reasons of a special appeal that will be handled in 19 of Phukwi.
Copper wrangles 106 H of Criminal Procedure Act
The government will have a bag-producing system in this regard , Downer has told the court that the private advice prepares for the answer because it was an important point of special appeal .
The late president of Zuma does not feel guilty .
Self-discipline and neutrality
Because of a court-written statement , the Spokesman told inntoro that Zuma believes that Mr. Downer needs to maintain balance .
There are arguments and situations that envision Downer " s lack of self-discipline and neutrality in the legal
Downer has failed to support the necessary positions to protect the ambassador so that my trial might be heard and carried out under the Constitution .
Downer has made himself packaged against me when he filled the elevator with the support of democracy , a request to consider and lay aside NPA " s decision to eradicate my trial .
Curlewis says that the judge Piet Koen will be placed in a position to heed the special request for an accounting against the charge and judgment as a judge !
Of course not .
The first questions began , not to suggest that the now bone-stricken judge will see the end of the matter , unless there is a basis for desecration that will follow .
That is not hoped for .
When given a chewing to respond to a special request , Thale " s protection led by judge Barry Roux. has hurriedly answered that they were mere passengers in the matter
But suppose there is an explosion before the refusal of the request.
If a special appeal is to be expressed , it is the only time that the accused can be expected to handle legally on the grounds of a charge , and it will be referred to in a form of request , namely , guilt , or innocence .
In the meantime , he does not blame himself .
There are no chances of entering a special request , one. Yona , warned in part 106.
In fact , 1 H. , where they want to clear the country " s cheese from trial .
In the case of spokesman Billy Downer , now in smaller circumstances , will the court have a special request ?
But the facts of Dali mefu in Zuma " s position are that Billy downer will not have a purpose and independence in his work on the subject , since he once made a vow in behalf of the Democratic Alliance on a court order and , as a result , were not independent .
Curlewis describes the service that will follow after the judge Koen gives his sentence to each other . Perhaps not the time for that special request .
If a protection is correct in the request for responsibility , and a supportive office , I repeat it , based on what I saw in our journalist and tickets and telecommunic authorities , let us assume that they are going to succeed by continuing to look at an issue at a 106-passion court .
Ask 1 H. for the requests of the System Cameron , or giraffe , for the time , lurched with guilt , the court should warn the case after the request. It " s just a court case capable of doing so , so the matter will continue after 19.
During the next few days , the board of National Gamblers (NPA) will answer in June 2 .
Zuma " s law class is expected to be the subject of 5 Phukwi , when the NPA will follow on the 12 Phukwi.
A hearing for special forgiveness is scheduled during the month of Phukwi in 19.
Zuma talks to her supporters after courting on Wednesday .
The Kabinete has described her concerns about the increase in the COVID19 infection with fear that the country is in the third wave.
The government is examining the right hand of an increasing number of episodes and the president Cyril , who is expected to communicate quickly with the community .
On Wednesday , the Department of Health reported over 4,600 emblems and more than 56,000 deaths related to COVID19 .
The number of emblems is increasing during the past few days.
When he stood up in word about the profits of the cabinet assembly held on Wednesday , the Meat Tona holding Khumbudzo Ntshavheni said that they still talked about the government " s interest in the plague .
The country began with a second vaccine plan , and people over 60 years of age will be given a preliminary regimen .
But by the thousands are already registered , Ntshavheni says that they will have to wait a while before they can pierce .
He says that the vaccine of those enrolled depends on the presence of vaccines in their provinces .
In the crime of the 150 million Digital Vibes concrete and the massive pressure of Phoenician Zweli Mkhize under the occupation , tona Ntshavheni says that they recognize criminal charges , the issue is not discarded in cabinet.
The Kabinet , he says , is expecting what should happen to the Gauteng escorts , watching the vows of zeros at the time of the provincial program .
The Democratic Alliance (DA) in the Johannesburg has warned the grievances of the reopening of the Charlotte Maxeke hospital in Johannesburg after a previous month of fire .
Fire originated in a health-care center and spread to other parts of the hospital
Johannesburg Prime Minister David Makhura speaks to the journalists outside the hospital .
DA health-care facilities at Gauteng Jack Bloom. say that other patients who are authorized to use other hospitals nearby have not received medical attention because of the widespread need for help .
According to the Department , there are some safe features .
I think it " s very important to know
But hospital managers are waiting for a security certificate from the JHB zone to speak Bloom.
From there I have received staggering cords from patients , especially cancer patients and kidneys (dialysis)
People tell me that they have tried just a variety of cords without help
It is a problem in view of the third wave.
The problem with hospital closing is that patients are taken to other hospitals full and should know what is going on in hospitals; explaining Boom
Below are thorough interviews with Jack Bloom
Patriarch Jacob Zuma told all those who have authority in a righteous system to break free from prejudice because of political upheaval .
He says that if the judges of A FrenchikaBorwa demand respect from him and his family , they will have to do what is right with his lavish trial .
Zuma spoke to several of her collaborators who met in Pietermaritzburg after the corruption and corruption .
The president says that he wants to have a hearing that will soon end .
I wish the law could stop prejudice , for it is a standard for a righteous system to take sides .
Do not go to the end , so that we may be able to respect the law .
If those in authority do not respect us , we will honor them .
Zuma claims to be innocent .
Zuma and a French arms champion Thales , facing fraud , corruption , and illicit commerce and illegal finance system in connection with billions of dollars in 1999.
Resurrection Resurrected to July 19.
The political editor of SABC Mwandile Mbeje presents an analysis .
The temporary Prophecial Committee (IPC) of the African National Congress (ANC), in the Western Province , has ordered five members to stand aside .
Members from the city outside Mahika are also concerned with the ten (11) on serious charges , including murder efforts .
One finds him the secretary of a member , while others are officials of the empire .
The provincial editor of IPC. Hlomane Chauke , says that five defendants have already received letters , informing them of the decision .
According to Chauke , according to the convention decision and the directors , we are already talking to five rooms that they need to take a stand on the part of the organization .
So we communicate with them according to the decree of 25.7. that they need to stand out in their respective activities .
A journalist for SABC Patrick Wars has done so much .
On Wednesday , the South African Communist (SACP) in Limpo has urged all concerned members to stand aside for law .
According to the organization , only one of eight members met in Limpo , who has heard the call , while others are suspended with the announcement of the closing
The SACP Society says that the whole country hopes to obey the law .
Last week , the workshop secretary-general of Ace Magashu , has installed the bills of a court that attacks the decision of the Constitution to stop the work .
All the leaders of the ruling party facing accusations of deceit , burglary , and the unrighteous financial system had to stand aside in positions of sight.
The cave has refused to do so and was later tried by the NEC.
It is 15 years since the charges have appeared against the architect of Jacob Zuma.
His trial now began at the court of Pietermaritzburg on Wednesday.
Zuma and armed personnel in France , Thales , do not blame themselves on the charges of an illegal crocodile , trickery , and the illegal financial system of the 1900 " s.
The hearing is reversed to the 19 Phukwi , with the request of a special appeal made by Zuma against the architect Billy Downer .
Resurrection has been postponed until July 2021.
The booth of the president of the editorial , led by spokesman Dali Mpofu , on the basis of special appeals , has charged government spokesman Billy Downer with a lack of independence and neutrality .
She said that Zuma , according to her voices , wept at her day at the court and explained why her worker does not accept a fair hearing when lawyer Downer conducts the government bag .
There are facts and circumstances that give me sound reasons for Mr. Downer " s conduct in a manner that shows a lack of independence and neutrality that is essential in the legal fulfillment .
Mr. Downer has failed to support the necessary positions to protect the embassy needed to ensure that my trial is administered and discontinued according to the Constitution , Mr. Downers has made himself a pocket against me when he incorporated the Democratic Alliance to evaluate and lay aside my NPA .
Although Zuma has used so-called cosmetic tactics incorporated to halt his trial , she has failed to get the courts to believe that her bags are kept out for political reasons in the government bag against her .
Thales faces four , one of the fraudulent , two fraudulent businesses and one of the unstable financial systems .
The government accuses Zuma and Thales by planning and placing a crocodile , with a 25-year sentence in prison.
The government accuses Zuma with hundreds of millions of dollars from his convicted blood adviser , Shabir Shaik , during the 1990 " s .
The government accuses Zuma that she has received a $ 1000,000 bribe a year from Thales , led by the shaik.
Some accusations against Zuma involve taxes , not revealing parliaments , and lying to the institution through the convention with representatives from the armament worker
A spokesman Downer told the court that the government was not ready to respond to a special request , referring to a large circle of over 1,000 pages .
He says that it covers a long time of trial .
My Lord , then we have considered the passengers and worked hard to write our answer in the hunting of the passports , to make the government more determined to lay charges against my friend , and the government believes that thereafter it will evaluate the law in the courtroom for all of us . I must also say that the
The daughter of the late president of Edward Zuma is in court to support his father .
The Thales said at the proposal that it knew of Zuma " s wages from Shaik.
Thales said that the wages for Shaik " s business were in the law of graft as a arms trader .
Downer has judged Zuma and Thales , represented by Pierre-Marie du Randt.
They speak with court , Thales " counsel.
Prince Phillip died this morning in Windsor Castle at 99 years of age .
The chieftain is sitting in the hospital for reasons connected with heart surgery .
flags are flew to Britain.
Johnson said that Prince Phillip had dedicated his partner to Queen Elizabeth.
Prince Phillip sits on Queen " s side for more than seven years after he got married in 1947.
Comments from the Kingdom Family said that other announcements would be made in time .
After accepting an armor as a complicated kingdom , the prince of Bovin Edinburgh has retired in legal systems of community activity with the full support of Queen in 2017.
For a long time , I have supported Queen , not as one or two step later in the nation to watch the administration , having taken up 73 years in the marriage of the previous Child .
She was born on the Greek island of Corfu in 1921. The subscribe of Phillip Mountbatten " s marriage to Elizabeth , as she was reported in 1947.
Phillip finished the Second World War in battle for the Navy , which was mentioned in the lines of his anger and thought immediately during the war .
The prime minister of the Winston Churchill described the royal wedding on Night 1947 as a colorful stack in a country that has converted itself to a blast after a war tragedies.
A respected king , known from this point on , was forced to retire when the ripe health increased. King GeorgeVI.
It was in Kenya , with a translator " s visit , that Prince Phillip told his wife that the King was tormented , now Queen .
From the king " s inauguration ceremony in 1953 until he resigned from public services in 2017 , Prince Phillip was not far from Queen .
Like her husband , not the King , she was left to make her own way .
His friendliness in 1950 in London is astonished and speculated once and for thousands of times , making the first ear on the news .
Just his worries on the care of young and old have been a life-giving experience for his children
A program that still has his name helps to build holiness and to make a stable and friendly choice in all the streets of life .
For the prize of Duke " s Edinburgh editorial , he created and promoted the lives of new ones during many ceremonies , exalted holiness , and promoted their dreams.
We remember Duke in all , and above all , remembering her loyal support to the Sir , not just as her mate , on her side , daily in her domain , just as her husband , her strength , and her stubbornness over 70 years , says Prime Minister Johnson
The chieftain of Edinburgh visits 143 countries with official status , often with one visit.
Keen renews the kingdom , having a long-distance ear in the British kingdom during critical times .
In the years to come , his part in the community has been reduced , even though the bearders of the kingdom wish that his authenticity is not decreased.
Subject Index for SABC secretary UK. John Bevir.
Prince Phillip. husband of Queen Elizabeth , the example of the head of the British royal family about seven years old , died at the age of 99. The Buckingham Kingdom House said that Friday.
The prince of Edinburgh , as he was officially known , used to take his wife " s side during the 69 years of his reign. Heared long during the British history of the day with a hard-to-face , emotionally and flawless reputation
It is sad that an honorable Queen will report the death of a loved one , the respected King Prince , Phillip , Duke of Edinburgh , a story about the king " s house .
The Loving King is peacefully tormented this morning in Windsor Castle.
Other announcements will be made in the future.
The Kingdom family is united with people throughout the world crying out for his death .
The climax of the air outside the Buckingham palace follows the death of Prince Philips.
The Greek prince , married Elizabeth in 1947 , plays an important role in renewing the kingdom during the Middle Ages of the preceding Second War , and behind the walls of the Buckingham palace , which was an important place for Queen to flee and trust .
She was mild-tempered , my strength , and was sitting all during Elizabeth " s very years of special commendation to Phillip , giving her talk , marking 50 years of wedding anniversary in 1997.
The chairman of the Aforika , Southern David Alexander , says that rural singers are converting to assemblies and need more attention .
The organization to protect advertisers and to join the government confirms that performers receive enough payments .
Advertisers throughout the country have struggled to earn money because of the pressures of the corona .
Alexander says that many musicians can be compelled to excavate the industry .
I think they are facing problems; I think there are many professionals in the industry who think of other ways .
Many others have become involved in other activities , whether by driving or by squeezing tables or by handwork .
I feel that if the Khorona " s problems persist for a long time , many will resign because of no support from the government in the service .
Usually , corona epidemics have been held in large numbers of wildebeests , not forcing those in the inventory to do things differently
They are months of commitments and social gatherings , meaning that there is no income for performers who depend on the fulfillment of the vision as an income service .
Many of them gradually change their plans to use inthanetic fields .
Social gatherings and concerts are heartbroken .
Social gatherings of large groups have been disfellowshipped for recreational purposes .
Of course , the head of the Tencent Africa Brett Loubser said that changing internal use is a continuous process .
Our company has affected the masters .
The US Dionne Warck singer of a star over six years , now uses his voice as Queen of Twitter , advertising joy and pleasure in the audience of sugarcane.
A Pop. 80-person band regularly writes his thoughts about life , work , and other musicians , sometimes answering warm , warm answers .
If you are known as the Rap. dance to have it in your name as a
Warwick has asked abini s a Rap. Chance on duet.
I cannot stop thinking about it .
I will be the next thing you will call Mrs. Warwick. to answer Chance.
The Grammy prize winner , five times , was convinced that Chance knew who he was
All began when Warwick saw his nephews happy in Twitter and wanted to enter .
When he receives it , Warwick has in mind how he is going to use his chicken platform
I " m going to use it if I have a whim to say something or if I feel like talking to fluency to ask a question , someone will answer it , remembering that his nephew has taught him what he has
Warwick. , often seen as Queen of Twitter , brings good social healings .
It is one of the most enjoyable things in the world , that everyone laughs with me , knows , and thinks that is what was needed , or said.
Warwick has introduced new concerts in the computer.
His first one was held at home on a package Sunday
I had a little anxiety because I did not sing for a year , rhythm , and muscles should be stretched out , but I did not .
I want to make a secret , knowing that there may be a lot of noise , the doorbell , laughing .
You will make a second demonstration of 9 This Day , the day of the mothers in the United States .
The pride of the three-week-old performers of the three-week campus of the Largest Sports and the Northern Cape Culture is halted .
The department and expertise have reached a plan of over $ 1.5 million in the province of art .
The program includes the full work of the Northern Summit and the architecture of skill and craftsmen in the province.
Artist Mkhululi Mabija said that they were now ready to return to work .
Finally , they could see and consider the artists , but that was a problem .
People at one time feel that this is an interest , just over and over again , acknowledging our determination .
This is our way of earning a living .
We need to meet all as a branch and discuss our concerns .
The list of the year is over at Armageddon
So we can begin to include everyone in the program from the regions. to describe the Mabijahs .
The Art and Cultural Department of North. Conrad Fortune said that $ 1.5 million were distributed .
After an intensive job of looking at the needs of the strategy and strategy , we have been able to distribute a total of $ 1.5 million to help with three projects .
We are also on a program of setting up an editorial service , which shows how money will be used and specifically on doorballs and government regulations when expenses are invested .
Giorgio Armani may think of a meeting with an Italian institution , a householder in Milan " s Milan told Vogue magazine , that he first opens cheese to a skilled businessman .
In interviews published in the Vogue.com. Armani. 86 , he said that the emergency situation of the Khorona virus caused us to open our eyes
Armani takes a way similar to that of Italian luxurious businesses , including Gucci , Fendi , and Bulgari , purchased by hundreds of industrialized LVMH and Kering SA. , said a French buyer was not in his mind .
Yet , he said that his old opinion that the structure should be kept safe is no longer important .
One can think of communicating with an important Italian company , commenting without further extension and adding that it should not be a bricklayer .
Vogue quotes the nephew Armani Roberta Armani , who works at the family unit , saying that it would be nice at the end of the day , that the important meeting of Persia was designed for Italy in the furnace , and that she was filled with a lack of vision in the plans of her unclears .
Facebook Inc does not inform more than 530 million users whose findings have been based on slippery use before 2019 but has now made public information , and the gate has no strategy for doing so , says a spokesman on Wednesday .
The middle merchant reported that last week the telephone numbers and other points from loggers " files were available in public information .
The Facebook spoke on Tuesday for rotten performers to find information before Lwent 2019 , by collecting files using stage fluids to hide numbers .
The Facebook spokesman said that the social center was not fully optimistic about which officials would need to be informed .
He said that he had noticed that the users could not correct the point , and information was available publicly in the community in the conclusion that the Nazis were not informed .
Facebook said that a lump had been blocked after he discovered the problem at the time .
A collection of information did not include telegraph information , hygienic information , or phonographs , Facebooks claim
Yet , the information requested can provide valuable information for thieves or conservators .
Facebook , based on anatomy , in 2019 , has reached the end of the signature and the US Federal Trade Commission in addition to the charges of a pharmaceutical admission .
The Irish security company of Datha. Members of the European workers takes the lead in Facebook " s sovereignty , on Tuesday , with a combination of scrupulous information .
Without a discussion received from Facebook alone , it now had a relationship .
The end of the FTC of Phukwi 2019 requires Facebook to report information on the unauthorized dathan-based discovery of 500 hundred or more categories in 30 days to ensure that it is a danger.
The Facebook spokesman refused to confuse with the authorities as long as they were in the covenant to answer questions .
At London " s Akatemi Telephone Yuanfan Yang plays Pieces by Frederic Chopin. Franz Liszt and Joseph Haydn only by the presence of a camera on the room.
A 24-year-old took part in the first part of the international Flock of Leeds , hoping to overcome the feelings of a judge in his decision by means of a publication.
It is compiled every three years , The Leeds has to change the systems of this one because of the Khrona epidemic , with a lack of personal judges or observers of Yang and his colleagues competing for a good prize .
I thought it would be hard at first , just as I started playing , forgetting about everything , talking to Edinburgh-born yang.
I had music .
Under restrictions , The Leeds has invited 60 contestants from around the world to the first week " s show , increasing the number of towns launched 17 in 2018 so that selected competitors can take sides near homes or study centers .
From MIAMI " s conference to 14 in Berlin , all play in a telecommunication for about 25 minutes: playing on the large Steinway Model D slogan with the same camera-meter .
We soon realized that we could not do it as we would like to be listeners and judges , Adam Gatehouse director of The Leeds. to tell Reuters.
It is evident that we cannot send a judge from London to Berlin and throughout the world , so we will watch literature at home in the inthane and judge them in that way .
You have filled out that this contest will follow the year " s anniversary , reading the dismantling of the walks of the party and the participants only will welcome the spectators of the flesh .
The first one in 1963. The Leeds , a special music contest that gives the winner " s commemoration: recording and playing it at the London Wigmore Hall and trips to Europe and the East of Asia among others.
In the last minutes , I thought (The Leeds) could be canceled , the Italian slogan Giulia Contaldo , who had trained to play in front of the chemistry man before the contest.
Many of the colleagues do not have this chocolate , or they do not have any machines at this time .
So whatever happens , I enjoy the sona
For the first time , only a publication is not a personal display , the editors are planning to get a second , final check in Leeds on Lwe , perhaps with spectators .
Music has been a social gathering , and it will always be the case with a parishioner Ariel Lanyi.
Not only about music but also about people in the auditorium
That " s how it should be
The British Prince Harry and his wife , Meghan , will produce the first edition in the Netflix Inc , facing athletics at the Invictus games instead of the wounded Hague in 2022.
Harry will appear on a camera in a series of tokomentaris called the Heart of Invictus and act as a rhythm for partners in the Archewell , Netflix , outlined on Tuesday .
Principle printing will produce athletic demonstrations and organizers in preparation for contests delayed until the following spring because of the Covid 19th epidemic of Netflix.
Orlando Vono will transmit regions of massive coincidence , and Joanna Einsiedel will become its composer , speaking Netflix.
The two invented a short , winner Oscar The White Helmets about the help team in Syria.
The Invictus Games are a series of games designed in 2017 by Archduke Harry , who had served as a soldier in Afghanistan for a wounded army .
The cardinals , who were on the news for US Oprah Winfrey in the past month , have signed the fulfillment of the year " s fulfillment with the Netflix on September.
Harry and Meghan now live in South California after separating Britain " s family .
Queen Elizabeth says that she was hurt by the experience of Harry and Meghan.
Kim Kardashian is now known as a multibillion-dollar person .
The cosmetic and clothing businessman , who has warned his work in the television series Keeping Uping with The Kardashians , is first placed on the magazine list of millions of people around the world .
The standard for Forbes explains that Kardashian follows a man who comes to divorce West in the tribal class .
Forbes on Tuesday measures West " s adult 1.8 billion , most from the concordats known as Yeezy and his clothes .
Kardashian wrote a divorce from West. 43 in February , explaining various divisions .
Her sister , Kylie Jenner , lost her trillion position , Forbes , explained on Tuesday .
It has calculated the value of a 23-year-old girl " s wealth at 700 million dollars , meaning this was due to low-cost sales during the corona epidemic , and what it designed as a standard from the Kylie Cosmetics , 51% Conanal Congresty .
Kardashian started KKW Beauty in 2017. showing and selling his tumor in the intake of the intake , with the presence of social media , including 213 million Instagram followers .
In 2019 she has set up a package of Skims colors in 2019.
Kardashian commemorated Tuesday with his illustration of bikini at sea , with the title Bliss and an announcement to establish the first Skim Pop-up shop in Los Angeles.
It is called the Heart of Invictus. Expression under the Archewell Fulfillment , an insufficient designer of Meghan and Harry , said on Tuesday
Netflix said that the succession would provide news for runners and organizers as preparing for the festival , which has been delaying until the following spring because of the Corona epidemic .
Both are renowned for their Oscar prize winner " s work in short recordings of The White Helmets.
The Invictus Games are a banquet of sporting matches in 2017 by Prince Harry for military personnel who have been injured in the workplace .
Peers , who were in the string of sermons and US Oprah Winfrey speakers last month , have signed the fulfillment of a few years with the Netflix in Lwetse.
Harry and Meghan are now living in Southern California Continent after the final separation with the royal family .
They work with Winfrey in a press concordat of psychological health to the Apple TV +.
The death of the synod of Sesotho , Doctor Maphalla , is described as a major loss in the unscriptural generation .
Many of his activities are displayed at schools and institutions for higher education .
Maphalla won her first large letter prize in 1980. during the Radio Bantu Sesotho Service contest , now called Light FM.
A 66-year-old writer suffers after a stroke
The renowned KPD. The winner who published more than 70 of the Masotho .
Doctor Maphalla and herself wrote a number of radio dramas .
An arrogant hero has educated the scribes and eagles .
His other activities are considered in the PhD " s research faculties .
Director of the Rasotho Literature Museum Tseliso Masolane says that they will continue to care for and refine the Masotho to honor him .
My dad Maphalla was all acquainted
Even though you look at his writings , there are often religious fractions .
He could not write merely the words of a song or a trivial line .
There is always a change , always emphasizing where the Persons come from and confirming that they are compatible with the sole .
The Pan South African Language (PanSALB) board has defined Maphalla as Sesotho " s
Wa PanSALB. Nikiwe Matebula said that Maphalla always did a powerful work .
As PanSALB , we like to inculcate pride in our family talks because it is our primary responsibility , making it clear that we are continuing all the languages of the Stoic.
Therefore , it is a song that was very interesting when it came to his writings , that you have struggled to speak .
He wrote the best of quality
His hindrance is high-ranking
This really makes us happy with his work .
The death of the self-discriminated Sesotho writer is described as a major loss . The teacher " s office , Maphalla " s work , began over 40 years ago .
Adversary and author , Pule Lechesa wrote a book about Maphalla " s life called Dr KDP Maphalla " s Legacy of Dr KDP Maphalla)
Lechesa says that KDP will be remembered for her love for Sesotho and columns .
He has also taught us that as the scribes we should maintain the unity of his disclosure that the scribe is like shepherds .
They must keep working together because if something happens to them , the sheep will scatter .
He has taught us that as the scribes we should always be united .
Maphalla has been given a number of life " s accomplishments .
Many of his awards and awards include the MNET and the chairman " s prize for the South African Literature.
He was also given a medical award for medical honor from the University of Foreiseta in 2007.
Ngk Nyefo Malta of Foreiseta " s University said that Maphalla was trying to illustrate the life of a black person who was oppressed by racism .
As a political reformer in his secretary , we find in many books that he was trying to illustrate the life of a black person who was oppressed by the previous government .
The relative said that Maphalla was the family " s face .
A lawyer , Lefu Maphalla says that her death is a major loss .
She was a memorial face of Maphalla " s family , and thanks to her , we know one another .
Thus , it was a flashing star among us , and that was not just the case , and in a society where he was always surrounded by people because he was also a builder of the population .
The family completes the respect and arrangements for the funeral .
Calmly Ngk KPD Maphalla. for 66 years.
Mr. Maphalla wrote beautiful soap operas of Sesotho and Egyptian and poetry and powder .
His many articles have not been answered; up to 47 acts in 80 publications in 2 languages and 616 libraries .
It has been reported that the musician and the performer had a heart attack during the use of drugs more than on Friday.
A Hospital spokesman refused to release his condition or confirm that he was a patient there , a quotation of secret laws .
The hospital spokesman refused to release his position and enforce the Reuters so that DMX. , born in Earl Simmons , was a patient there , quoting secret laws.
His family , in a public warning , reported in the astronomy , that he is rushed on Friday.02 Monanang , to a hospital about 30 miles [ 48 km ] north of New York after serious health problems are faced .
As he knows by name his readers to carry out DMX or Dark Man X. Simmons reportedly in a life-sustaining bag on Monday , according to RollingStone.
Astronomer TMZ and Billboard reported at the end of the week that Simmons , who has a popular drug history , has been rushed to the hospital after suffering a heart attack at his home on Friday , 11 .
For his administrator , or ambassador , there is no quick answer to the Reuters request for a musician and the singers .
A musician , an expert in the world of music since the 1990 " s , converted me by using illicit drugs and spoke of raping in 2019 after he was imprisoned for tax fraud .
He is convicted of failing to pay $ 1.7 million taxes from 2000 to 2005. by removing money from administrators and cousins .
Simmons also began in movies in 1998 the platform of Belly , the founder of 2000 of the Romeo Must Die , and the 2003ft movie Cradle 2 the Grave.
The booth in the office of the Sports , Masterpieces , and Northern Century by other employees in Kimberley enters the third week .
Advertisers seek professional revival , the help of Khorona nets , and the full-time service of the Northern Cape .
They believe that it will help them find the income that is lost because of corona.
Mkhululi Mabija , a worker , says that they are looking for theaters to start working .
We want theaters to make , inventions , and musical accommodations also allow our colleagues to work .
We just need the support of MEC and the province to support us in our wolf .
They have not heeded us , discussions are held , and they have ended up in the air .
We will sit at the end of our needs being answered . Speaking Mabijahs .
A Professional Department , Artist , and Cultural Appeals claim that there are methods for cooperating with professionals .
The Department of Sports , Skills , and Northern Culture , Conrad Fortune , says that $ 1 million is donated .
We are also in the arrangement for setting up an office of service that will produce the use of the chests and carry the platforms and laws of the government during the interior .
Advertisers say that the department delays organizing their needs and continues to require the payment of the manager .
The British Kingdom drama group , The Crown , has enclosed the prize of a television drama at the Screen Actors Guild (SAG) during LaTshipi , when Schitts Creek , the sequence of another wealthy family , forced to move to a small town , dependently on a meload .
Gillian Anderson , who plays the part of Britain " s Prime Minister Margaret Techer in The Crown , facing the blade of problems in the marriage of Prince Charles and Queen Diana , has won the prize of the best wife " s performer .
A Weather is the head of the blessings of The Crown to a convention !
Because of the corona epidemic , the SAG of 2021 has been reduced from the evening meal to another hour of warning , dropping the jokes of the investigators " use of time during or starting with future studies .
On the side of the movies , the court drama The Trial of the Chicago 7 and the movie of the Black Bottom of Ma Rainey hunted high winners at one of the last festivals before the Oscars.
SAG goal assignments are selected by members of a temporary organization .
Many of the conquistadores of SAG and the electors are waiting for respectful prizes in the British BAFTA the following week and Fruits of the Supernatural 22 .
Godzilla vs Kong has embarked on the box offset record , and it has given the directors of the theater at Hollywood hopes that people are now ready to return to the movies after the year of netflix at home.
The pole tent , from Warner Bros and Legendary Entertainment , has produced 32 million weekly places and $48.5 million in the first five-day deliverance .
The time has come to choose the sidewalk !
Prior to the week Wonderman 1984 , it had a great start of three days by $ 16.7 million , followed by Tom and Jerry by $ 14 million .
Godzilla " s odds against Kong are very interesting , since the movie is also available in HBO Max , the users are unpaid .
How many people see the movie e.
David A. Gross. , the director of the Conscience movie for the Foreign Research Academic , opens the ticket-up sales at the end of the week for difficult conditions .
Over 50 percent of the film spectators in our country are open , mainly including those in the City of New York and Los Angeles. They did by reducing the number to conform to the safety regulations of pestilences .
If half of these were what it would be like to be under normal conditions , the weekly places are bathed and accurately indicate that the movie will find energy that will not go anywhere .
Godzilla " s tools against Kong promote , a U.S. movie box is about to be stable once a year
Godzilla against Kong was not the only cane extracted from the weekly places .
Sony " s horror film photographs , The Unholy , have produced about $3.2 million from 1,850 locations , a luxuriant movie in small amounts .
In the third step in the box of the charts , it set out a movie of the Universal Nobody " s Fulfillment .
Nobody " s Game , which includes Bob Odenkirk as a polite father who tries to care for , has reached $3 million in the second week " s rounds of a total of $ 11.8 million .
In their ranks , Disney. Raya and Dragon have produced 2 million from 2,031 locations .
The Filimi , also playing in Disney Plus for $ 30. , has $ 32 million in a rural box .
Tom and Jerry arrives at the top fifth level , with $ 1.5 million in six-week stacks at a movie.
So far , the film has produced $ 39.5 million in the US.
It is also found in HBO Max
Listener to the Methodist Church , Archbishop Purity Malinga. , says that the presence of opposing vaccine is a sign and hope and one of the good news is about Easter .
The bishop Malinga gave a sermon during the Sunday Service broadcast in SABC 2 inthanete , held by the Southern Aforika Church Council (SACC) and members of the churches .
You insist that the vaccine should not be prejudiced .
The bishop said that there is hope in the blackness that our country is facing .
We have seen the blackness of laziness , the violence based on gender , poverty , hunger; monkeys continue.
Like people , we do not give up hope; we do not lose hope .
We raise signs of hope as we see because Jesus is alive .
We find exhortation in recounting the signs of the confidence we see .
It is because of the good news of Easter that we lift up the vaccine as a sign of hope and make it available to all; the rich and the poor , he says.
Vice President of the Southern A Frenchika Church Council , Teacher Frank Chikane , has given thanks to health-care workers who have risked their lives to save the lives of those who are infected .
She had brought her leaves and finished the qualifications in the service .
Our migrant workers have put their lives at risk every day to save our lives
One thing is that the God we believe is the God who always exists with us .
He was thrown into the cross so that we would not be thrown down .
Jesus is Emmanuel , that is , God is with us .
Our God is also a God who knows all - the God of covenants .
God knows our problems , and he knows that we are restoring all that we have lost .
God knows how to heal us from the pains of life and corona.
Our God is powerful and able to save us and come out with us under difficult circumstances , to speak Chikane.
Speaking at the festival , the secretary-general of SACC , Archbishop Malusi Mpumlwana , said the last year was a year of indifference against the coronary virus .
Archbishop Mpumlwana said that Easter brings Opportunity , no matter how many challenges the country faces because of the epidemic .
Earthquakes are to God and to our Father , Jesus Christ .
In his great mercy , he has given us fertility to the hope of life by the resurrection of Jeso Christ from the dead .
It is with that hope that we are here this morning.
We leave the calamitous year , anxiety , and anguish , a year of tumult and helplessness against the corona epidemic .
By the faith of a good Friday , we are determined to remove problems from the ceramic cross .
This morning we will celebrate the resurrection of our Lord with a revival of faith and the sanctity of life above death .
Worry about the slow system of vaccine.
Speaking at the Night Services of Easter , held at the St Georges Cathedral Cathedral , in the Cape City , Anglican Ministerial Training , has brought distress to the governments about a slow system of corona vaccine , especially the poor and alien residents .
Slaves claim that he has doubts about how much time it will take to transport vaccines throughout the country .
We well know that there are major regions of our country where politicians are destroying the national health system .
It is embarrassing for those who have left hospitals and clinics to need people , tools , and protection .
I have opened up that in my plans now that it will take 18 years to vaccine all
We will not allow that to happen , filling it .
To date , 269,102 health-care workers are slaughtered , the country is preparing for the second stage of the program .
The speaker said that he is giving information to more than 500 million Facebook users , including telephone numbers and other information numbers. free of charge .
The Deithaber seems to be like telegraphs and Facebooks , which have been published from the month of the Trider , and the presence of the latter was produced by a digital telegraph , Motherboard Se to the Alon Gal. code of Hudson " s institution .
Reuters could not analyze the information quickly , which was presented with several hours of the quality of the intimacy of the underground industries of theft. Just Gal said that Saturday he had confirmed a small amount of information by comparing it with the telephone numbers of his acquaintances .
Some commentators say that they should also be able to measure the numbers of known telephone numbers and points on the data .
In a warning , Facebook said that the information had to do with the correct problem of August in 2019.
The goal of Reuters to reach the champion of the Telegram service was not immediately successful .
Gal has told Reuters that Facebook users should be alert to the influence of social attacks by people who may have found their telephone numbers or kidney information for some in the months to come
Tears of bleeding are reported by a middle-class businessman
The massive demonstrations of the sales have produced 22 ancient king-prints in special boxes through the city of Cairo on Saturdays to a new museum home so that they can be seen with respect .
The procession has transported 18 kings , many from the New Kingdom , from the Egyptian museum in the center of the Cairos Tahrir to the National Egyptian civilization of Fustat , some 5kme miles [ 5 km ] southeast.
Authorities have enclosed roads through Nile to produce a festival , which has been designed to revive an admiration of ancient tourism when tourism stands as a result of Khorona disputes
As the corpses arrive at the museum , which was established on Saturday afternoon , the cannons have smashed 21 schools to greet .
President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi stands as corpses pass through golden canoes with a maFaro.
The heads of the UN. UN. UNESCO and World Tourism Circuits attended the festival .
Each corpse is placed in a special chest filled with nitrogen to enhance the protection of the Egyptian archaeologist Zahi Hawass.
They were taken from trucks designed to provide them with certainty .
We have chosen the Renaissance Museum because we want to , first show rural bodies in the form of education , not by entertaining as they were in the Egyptian museum , to speak Hawass.
The famous Rap musician and operator Earl Simmons , known among his followers in the name of performers DMX or Dark Man X. , has been placed in solemn conditions at the New York Peninsula after the heart attack by the use of mathematics and Births to Bill .
Reportedly , Simmons , 50. , who has a sanitary history , has been rushed to the White Plains , the hospital of New York , after a heart attack at his home on 11 P.M. on Friday.
His advertisers did not immediately respond to Reuters to a musician , known in the world of music since 1990.
Reuters has not made these matters clear .
The singer used to blatantly present the challenge of the illegal use of anesthesiology and spoke of recipe in 2019 after the Federal prison on the charge of tax fraud .
The Manhattan court found that he had failed to pay $ 1.7 million taxes in 2000 to 2005 , removing the money between official banks and colleagues .
His first album in 1998 for Its Dark and Hell is Hot , which is warned as the first in a 200-page billboard in the United States and sells over 5 million copies .
Together with his work of Rap. Simmons , he became a star in movies such as the 1998-year ploy drama Belly , the 100th year " s Belly , Romeo Must Die , and the yearly film of the 2003 Cradle 2 Grave the year .
The congregation at the Fine Friday service in the St Georges Cathedral Cathedral of the Western Cape , said that they were happy that they had been able to attend church during the year 2021.
In 2020 the Easter services throughout Southern Africa were canceled when the nation was not put under 5 rigid conditions , 5 after the corona and the father of the country .
Under a 1.5-degree budget , 250 people are allowed to attend meetings on the inside of the building , and 500 people are allowed to attend outdoor gatherings .
The church congregation is gathering in small amounts , with a prayer-controlled number in the Cape City , about 50 people have entered the morning service at the St Georges Cathedral.
They expressed their feelings .
It was fun , but it was also unpleasant .
Worldwide and many years ago , we had failed to go to church .
So it feels true and special to be present today , to speak to another member of the congregation
This is a high holiday for us as Christians , and I have kept it in mind .
I feel very blessed to be one of the holy ones and to remember that 2,000 years ago the average man , has dedicated his life to the whole world and I am one of those people .
So I made an effort this morning to get up and come to the Lord " s house , to speak to one of the congregation .
The church head of St Georges Cathedral , Patriarch Michael Weeder , said that the church would be very cautious in making services or in order to bow down to the laws and orders of the Khorona to prevent the spread of the virus .
Clergyman Weeder said that the congregation was again urged to pray at home.
Realistic feelings are homesickness when you have other diseases; God is everywhere .
So said the opening of the cries , especially at our first Friday convention and Easter , to motivate our people , to understand that God is praying while we breathe , while we live , while we love and take care of ourselves; and what is most important in the faith .
You don " t need a beautiful building .
The building is a gift that God has given us to this one , filling it .
The congregation assembles at the St Georges Cathedral church to honor packet.
Services of various churches throughout the world are expected to continue at the end of the week as Christians celebrate the pack.
Trade exhibitions will produce 22 ancient Egyptian corpses in special cartons throughout the city of Cairo on Saturday afternoon , to a museum where they will be finely produced .
From the Egyptian museum at Tahrir Square in Cairo to Fustat " s international Heritage museum , he will deliver 18 kings and four.2 princes from the New Kingdom. - some 5 miles [ 5 km ] southeast.
Authorities shut up roads through Nile to describe the festival , designed to revive interest in the fertile ancient Egyptian slogans , when tourism is completely stopped because of corona-related controversies .
Each corpse will be placed in a special nitrogen box full of nitrogen to enhance protection , and a box will be worn with a cart built to treat them well and to provide them accurately , speaking to the Egyptian archaeologist Zahi Hawass
We choose a developed museum because we want to first show corpses in a civilized manner , not in the form of education , but in the Egyptian Museum.
Archaeologist has uncovered corpses in two groups at the chaos of the Deir Al Bahari temple in Luxor and nearby the Valley of the Kings from 1871.
The largest is Seqenre Tao , the last King of the Kingdom in the 17th century BC and is thought to be tormenting the death of violence .
The exhibition will include the bodies of Ramses II. Seti I. and Ahmose-Nefertari.
Fustat was a place of Egyptian chests under Umayyad dynasty after the conquest of Arab.
By doing so , with great ranks , the corpses find the ones to speak Salima Ikram in Egyptologist at the American Enibesiting at Khairo.
These are the kings of Egypt , the Phoenicians .
Therefore , it is a way of showing honor .
When the systems of the Holy Week are canceled because of Spanish Khorona values , abandoning Friday " s damp culture has been called the most important thing for Calanda.
Purple garments are worn on the streets , as part of Rompida de la Hora.
Drums swim throughout the South - the Spanish city of 3,700 inhabitants , and players knew the public " s reliability .
The Holy week saddened me because I like to be with my friends and play Calanda drums and see
Just hopefully , the next year will pass and leave us together , to speak Ivan Rodriguez. 24 , to the drummer and to the local resident .
After a previous year " s misery , Santiago Villanueva , another resident , said that the builders had strong feelings to maintain culture .
We are in pain only with the soul going on to explain.
The cupbearer from the Ethiopian Episcol Church described a year ago as midnight in the lives of many .
He illustrates the epidemic of choron and the rapid darkness of sunshine during the last time that Jezso was on the cross .
The cupbearer was one of the speakers at the Arabic Church Council (SACC)
Friday " s Fine service was published in SABC 2.
He said that before Jeso " s torment , there was something as if it were a midnight spirit , just as the previous year for many people .
Before Jesus cries out to the Father , I place my soul in your arms , realizing how the Bible tells us that the sun was dark .
It seemed that the midnight air was covering the whole earth .
It is during the past year for many people , certainly being heard is like midnight in their lives .
The odds of jobs , death of those who claim to be cards and funerals are a daily meal for cigarettes .
In many cases , the risks and violence against women and children have increased dramatically as Covid-19
Now , I am coming to your home to give you the word of exhortation directly from God .
The black night , the morning glows brightly in the new day , proclaiming the Capital.
The South African Council of Churches (SACC) has shown the pain and dissolvement that many Khose victims have suffered as the pain and shame of the Lord Jezso at the time of impalement
The director of the Church and the Services of the SACCS , Teacher Mzwandile Molo , urges people not to throw a towel .
Even in God " s scandals , God refuses to abandon us
We heard her crying , " What did you throw me away ? "
And during that time of mourning , I recall to those who cry for facial expression while facing death because of Khrona epidemic , some 52000 people have lost their lives in that society and have lost their lives on their own .
Just as we want to remind you as a member of the family who see it , they do not view this alone because this God has had experience in death and sheds tears , so that he has abandoned me ?
We heard her crying out that I was thirsty .
At that time , we are reminded of God " s unity and of all those who have converted to their bodies and suffer in ICU , in air and in all the places where the morning arrived .
Last year , Christians in South Africa have failed to gather the first to celebrate the Fine Friday because of the outbreak of Khorona .
And all the services were held in the inthanete as part of an effort to prevent the spread of the first known wild maiden in the country by March 2020.
This year " s conference is held under the mighty headship of the Khorona safety system .
While some churches follow and promise to continue doing so during the week of Easter , others have asked for an ease in decrees .
The pastor at the Kingdom of God International Ministries in Mfuleni near the Khayelitsha City of Kapa , Mopostola Sineko Nxesi is one of the religious leaders , who makes public declaration to increase the number of those authorized to attend religious gatherings .
The churches , says Nxesi , have the ability to fulfill the strict safety of codes .
We continue to open the churches by 50. per cent .
We are law-abiding people
If you do so with schools as they do , if you can do so at restaurants , you can do it in mines , not in the church .
We are law-abiding people , with the power to do all things , explain.
Slaves Promote the French vaccine for the Khrona.
The Anglican bishop of the Southern Aforika , Thathy Slaves said it was possible for a pharmacy industry in Aforika to start building vaccines for a good time .
Slaves have given the Via Dolorosa sermon during the Fine Friday Service of the A Frenchika Castle Churches .
The graduation service was offered to honor health-care workers suffering from Khorona from the past year .
Slaves explain , Let " s challenge the pharmaceutical industry in Aforbaborwa to produce vaccines on our own .
I am convinced that we can make drugs on our own rather than on a
Let us spit on a national vaccine .
You cannot spread the flag and hope that the virus can cross the boundaries .
Let us use what I call the vaccine of racism by those who play with God and who are judged worthy of converting and torture in the corner of our corner .
Slaves had also duped the rubble against murder in Tigray the province of Ethiopia and in Cabo Delgado , Mozambique.
Let us chew and be confident that we will speak and speak to the Cabo Delgado people in Mozambique and the Tigray people in Ethiopia.
Let us talk about earth " s celestial problems , with challenges in the sky , have a profound effect on those who help little in the changes.
Include the Fine Friday service
Earlier on Friday , the president of Cyrilś has left the churches in the hunting zone of saving lives during the pestilence .
He referred to his position as president of the Meadowlands Methodist Church in Soweto as part of a congratula for the deceased vice Winnie Madilakize-Mandelah
Note that the churches have played an important part in the fight against pestilence .
Much of what happened to the Synod spoke of Friday with the publication below .
The discovery is increasingly extolling the Maskandi singer , Khuzani Idlamlenze Mpungose , from KwaZulu-Natal.
The sona song singer Ijele highlights the highest prize in Ukhozi FM " s Ukhozi FM for a famous year " s contests last year ,
Sixteen-year-old Maskandi , known as Khuzani , has begun empty until it is popular .
She grew up tending cows like all boys in rural areas.
Khuzani started his music past 10 years and worked with heroes in a form of Maskandi .
Among the major names , those who helped to build his talent , were the late Mgqumeni. Shwi Nomtekhala and Mr. Indidane Glownsa.
His first album , known as Bahlulech Bonke , is released in 2021 and then has made 10 albums .
You have won many prizes at the banquet of Aforika " s southern-Arabic music (SATMA) and the Sacred Peninsula (SAMA).
When she received her plate and a special camera handed by a municipal municipality , Mpungose said that she felt respected .
Thanks to the municipality , I am so proud of my mother .
Showing high positions of respect even when I am so young .
It encourages me to work hard so that I can help those who are trying to accomplish what I have already accomplished.
These are our roots because we sing in our language.
The mayor of Mendla. Thamsanqa Ntuli. praises Mpungose on the map of his mouth and places the name of the city of Canndla on the map.
The municipal decision to honor Idlamlenze , Khuzani Mpungose , is based on the fact that he is no longer a musician in the state of iNkandla.
He was known throughout the country and abroad .
It is a fine example for many musicians that grow up to say Ntuli.
The municipality used a festival to distribute 150 scholarships .
The captain belt of Portugal , and Cristiano Ronaldo , which he dropped to the ground in fury after his soccer game is not allowed at World Cup soccer match against Serbia in the weekly places , with Djord Vukicevic , an executive worker .
The blue-green belt with the white C , was placed in an orphanageage by Vukicevic and colleagues from the Belgrades executive center to gather the blood of a six-month-old child , Gavrilo Djurdjevic , from the bone-born Serbia
Ronaldo was upset (meaning) with his arm belt , fell near Vukicevic , explaining to Reuters on Thursday .
On Saturday , 36-year-old Ronaldo , who plays the Italian football team of Juventus , has rushed out of the field and discarded the captain " s belt when he was denied the winner of 2-2-free Serbia senior Serbi
Most of Serbia " s residents end up in the chronometer of human chests and markets to collect outdoors if they cannot afford adequate medical care at home .
Vukicevic had already prepared to sell everything he could collect from the peasants to help Gavrilos " parents gather 2.5 million ($2.94 million) to gather his therapy , but the right belt is high .
The entire group agrees with the one (see license) to a small Gavrilo .
In the village of Cumic. just outside the city of kragujevac , in the center of Serbia , the mother of Gavrilos Nevena said that the family accepted 500,000 euros until
He has added that the continuation of Ronaldo " s arm belt can be an important factor .
We could not believe that others who did not know us would take a hand belt and sell it and help our child , saying so .
Recently , consumers want to give up to six million ($ 60,042.03) during the Serbias Limundo e-Commerce
The captain " s mat , which has supplemented most of the news on all belts , may be yours if you contact an orphanage and sold advertising.
Twenty years ago , Dutch couple Gert Kasteel and Dolf Pasker made his history the first human couple on earth to marry a legally married marriage in the Netherlands .
They were among the same-sex partners , three men and one wife , who would be married by Meiyara of Amsterdam later on Mo April 1. in the year 2001 .
On Thursday , they celebrated a 20-year anniversary in small groups or rurals because of our variation decrees and blocking large gatherings .
It " s nice to say that I " m my husband , Dolf. , as they watch the icons and wedding papers , which have made headlines around the world .
It has helped me to accept myself
All of the same-sex marriages have survived the test of time .
One of the men , Frank Wittebrood , died of a heart attack in 2011 of 55.
Those who have taken part look back with arrogance to form a legal history .
People have told me that the Netherlands will be the first and last building (white gender), the whole world will not follow , speak Henk Krol , a law-abiding lawyer if allowed at the Dutch Parliament in 2000.
About 30 countries in the world follow the Dutch as an example.
Most European States , Britain , the United States , Australia , Mexico , and Southern Aforika are in 29 countries to allow the same gender marriage to be established since 2001.
I am very proud that it is possible to speak Gert. , who before completing his talk , Dolf , can complete it: that we can play a small portion of
We made history
It seems that Daniel Craig has a refrigerator movie after eliminating his role as James Bond.
Craig will be a star in two to 2019 Knives Out Crimme Caper , which will be produced in the Netflix in the US.
Netflix on Thursday. purchased the rights of two films to confuse Craig with the director Rian Johnson
Variety and Deadline Hollywood said that Netflix had paid between $ 400 and $ 450 for the rights of two , one , to make the best film .
Netflix has refused to contaminate the nets of certain agreements .
Knives Out , cart killer of Agatha Christie , a star Craig as a secret researcher Benoit Blanc and a constellation , including Jamie Lee Curtis , Chris Evans.Don Johnson , Ana de Armas , and Christopher Plummer
Lionsgate film has an estimated $ 40 million , continuing to produce $ 31 million , a world bomb .
Craig. 53. will make five trips as a secret representative of the British Bond in No Time Toe , which is scheduled for the arrival of the film on October .
He was the best journalist .
Appointed with a high Mothosa , sona styles , traditions , and culture .
Noxolo Grootboom instructs millions of his spectators on Tuesday night .
The little time was astounding because the president delayed his talk to the dove to let the hero speak well .
Grootboom is one of over 600 workers who leave national broadcasts.
During his 37 years in the national broadcast , he has struggled to keep his bamboo but.
From among you it is confirmation that the work we have done does not disappear from you to the extent of the conversation , how proud you are to speak the Tshivenda , Setswana. Sepedi. IsiXhosa. IsiZulu. Siswati , all in your shoulders , and now all the talks were so great .
To him , it was a sign of Frenchism .
Commercial minister Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma commissioned politicians in the East to follow the Winnie Moneyizelass by putting the most vulnerable people in rural areas first .
He spoke at a relic of the Mbizana Magic , called honor to the African National Congress (ANC), Winnie Madilakizela.
We must build a new image of the future in our country as we call this municipality .
Hunger , poverty , unbalancedness , and inequality are just some of the ones to contend with all our thoughts and , as we leave the Mbizana Cretan " s name , we must also make it clear that we are working hard to leave all the things that were burdensome to our people .
Government minister and Cultural Affairs (CoGTA), Ngk Nkosazana Dlamini Zuma attended the official ceremony to transform the Mbizana " s name into the native Winnie Moneyizelakist .
The new name Winnie Moneyizelakela , Daniswa Mafumbatha , said that there are programs designed to ensure that the local people produce something from the circumference .
Mafumbatha believes that changing the name of a municipality will attract investors more
Winnie Madilakizela-Mandela was now an international hero to sell the municipality in his name to speed up the development of our development , and we also refer to the Heritage of Sir Winnie.
People will arrive to see a monument , and there are programs to be organized .
An expert on living conditions at the Frere Hospital in East Cape , Ngk David Stead , has warned of the concerns that the continuation of alcohol during a long week " s pasture umbrellas can increase Khorona emblems in the coming weeks .
Last night , President Cyrilę announced that the sale of nicotine in outdoor areas forbidden from Friday until the only refreshment that follows alcohol will still be sold on restaurants and bars
