The news that will interest you:
Achuzie, Dike Biafra alala
dapchi: Nigerian government has not responded to Boko Haram - Massob
is looking for FA trophy in Rochadale's defeat
Son Heung-min, Fernando Llorente and Kyle Walter-Peters of Tottenham were the fans of Rochadale yesterday.
Son Heung-min, a Tottenhamer and his teammates were happy when he scored a goal in FA finals.
has won FA seven times.
In sports, Tottenham' team defeated Rochadale with six goals to one in FA finals.
the win result means that Tottenham and Swansea will play the finals against each other on the 17th of March
Son Heung-min scored the first goal in the second half, while Fernando Llorente scored the third goal in the second half, while Kyle Walter-Peters scored the final goal.
Son Heung-min stopped the Rochadale team's football
What will happen next?.
s will play for Wembley on the third of March. They will play for Huddersfield in Premier League, before winning Juventus in the Champions League on the seventeenth of March.
Rochdale side has 16 competitions to qualify for relegation in league one.
'The first match of their kind will be played against Plymouth on three days in March.
The news that will interest you:
has has has has has lifted his first goal in England

the commissioner of police: Avoid sitting in wait for their rearrest
The police has directed the Governors to take the lead in buying the hiding place before they can begin relocating their people from their states.
Ibrahim issued
the commissioner of police Ibrahim Idris has stated that once the certificates of office are deposited, they will be used to rearrest
The police said this yesterday in a meeting with the villagers and the village managers said that he would help reduce conflicts and create partnerships between farmers and cassava owners.
He went on to say that the problems that arose in Benue was because the state government had not yet set up any offices before they were able to move forward.
In that meeting which the theme was, 'Sustaining the country: the security and the need to find a lasting solution to its problems,' the problems between farmers and cassava owners have not disappeared in the administration of Muhammdu Buhari.
in a statement said: 'In a bid to reduce the congestion between farmers and cassava owners, the state government will work eagerly to open up more markets in their states before enforcing the ban on cassava owners.
The news that will interest you:
The market has burnt at International Light
For Achuzia, we will make sure Biafra is completed.
In Imo state, the forest has many monkeys
s in Imo state have different species of bush.
s are at their compounds in Imo state
and also made provision for the animals to live well.
s son George Weah has started sundrying at PSG.
to PSG where his father George Weah was a well known musician from 1992 to 1995
and Timothy Weah
, would it go a long way for his father as people think?
s son, George Weah aka Timothy Weah has started playing for PSG club, where his father died early
is in the finals as PSG and Troyes play match.
and Kylian Mbappe were not in the team because of their injuries, Angel di Maria and Christopher Nkunku were the players that scored PSG's goal in this competition
and Mba and Mbappe are not among the participants giving Weah the opportunity to participate in this competition.
Weah scored 55 goals during PSG match
A PSG player, George Weah, joined PSG club before in the 23rd year, before he was transfered to AC Milan.
s have ten competitions ahead of them, in which they should have 17 goals if they can lift the trophy of the FA Cup of Nations.
and will meet on Tuesday in Real Madrid to reclaim their second best in the Champions League. In the first stage, Real Madrid won them with 4-1.
The club's manager Neymar will not take any other match in this season due to his injuries.
The news that will interest you:
The Nigerian government has sent a searchlight to Dapchi's kidnap.
A man has killed his children in Awada
The fears of Fulani herdsmen have been many
, has said that he wants special youths for the rule of Nigeria
Oputa who is known as 'Charly Boy' has expressed his dismay at the Nigerian Government.
A prominent Nigerian musician liked by the youths like Charly Boy said that he is not happy about the future of Nigeria.
Speaking to him, he said, 'Why has he become a liar?
that he is in the search of youths which he will support for taking over the leadership in Nigeria.
'I am still afraid that in the next 30 years Nigeria will be a marvelous country for all the Nigerian youths,' as charly Boy said.
s 2018: Kobe Bryant is among those who got the award
was Kobe Bryant's goal keeper in the postponement of the video.
, an American footballer and a well known football coach, Kobe Bryant, has been named.
spectacular victory- Kobe Bryant has failed.
In reaction to Kobe Bryant's nomination, the American basketbọọọl star has won the Oscars with a unanimous nomination.
He made this a reference to a photograph which has been preserved for decades.
See other people that got Oscars this morning.
The winners:
The Shape of Water got the award of 'Best picture.'
s McDormand won the award of 'Best actress' for Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
The winner of this competition is Gary Oldman for Darkest Hour
defeated Best director for The Shape of Water
get out of Jordan Peele who won theBest original screenplay award
s 2018: the movie actresses that got Oscar nomination.
The list of the most notable moments involving in the movie industry has concluded that the movie industry has concluded.
to see photos of people's make-up on the red carpet
the action film Black Panther and the Walking Dead has proved to have its weaknesses and weaknesses.
The Academy Awards popularly known as Oscars happened on a night when people showed their talents.
the activities of actors during the event.
Kaluuya
, Britain's Britain director of Get Out, is among the people who were declared winners of the Oscars.
and Lupita Nyong'o
s were awarded in 2012 for the performance he did during his 12 Years a Slave

is the female who did the Hunger Games for an Oscar consideration.
's Day
is an American who acts and dances, sings, dances and dances on red carpet, says people should go for his uniform.
Oscars 2018: As he went
Black Panther wears a lot of hats
'Black Panther' is showing Africa in the opening ceremony of the 'Black Panther'
Black Panther: Has u been any luck in this film?
to Tom Holland
the film, which was directed by Tom Holland, went viral with the help of Spider Man's cross-dresser, revealing the name of the winner at the ceremony.
Chadwick Boseman
Chadwick Boseman is the T'Calla of Wakanda community in the Black Panther movie which was nominated for Oscars.
Judd
the singer in Time's Up songstress' red carpet
Adam Ripp Adam Ripp Adam Rippon
olimpiks figure skating attracted people to queue for him to wear a light jacket and a hoodlum made him look as if he was in the fifty Shades Of Grey movie.

Halman Sayek in red clothes-acha odoodo
and Darrell Britt-Gibson
the red carpet has turned to a move by Darrell Britt-Gibson as the superstar Three Billboards' album has been disqualified from the red carpet.
Whoopi Goldberg
Uwe Whoopi Goldberg stepped into the ring as dragon dances in and around.
issuing
, made the X-men movie known as Time's Up its official language so that it could be used to send shivers down.
Sally Hawkins
' Sally Hawkins, a British filmmaker and actress, has been nominated for a prize for her role in The Shape of Water that snatched people's pictures.
s
defeated Lady Bird on the red carpet Oscars for the 10th time since its first performance in 2008 when she was only 13
and Meryl Streep
's name has been called for having 21 Oscars-winning moments since beginning her movie career.
Margot Robbie
Margot Robbie performed a good performance on her red carpet
Haddish
hadish improved the African African woman's awareness to be known as the Eritrean women in Ethiopia
the entire picture has the right to be reproduced without respect for the copyright.
the African countries that are better known for Nigeria in movie
in the most audacious and innovative African film category Oscars, Africans are showing Nigeria.
has been nominated for an Oscar nomination.
thirty years after he was 90 years in the Oscars and Hollywood.
, the Oscars were acclaimed the best internationally in 2018, when the Igbo BBC investigated and found that African countries are better than Nigeria in terms of the film category.
s 2018: between Africa and Nigeria
the BBC found that despite some Nigerian actors being asked to portray some of the Hollywood stars in their movie, they never agreed to be among the named suspects in any movie.
Aside the Nigerianollywood stars and other African nations that are among the suspects, the rest of the world has thanked them.
s Nyong'o, a Kenyan who lives in the United States, got the award of 'the best woman to support a movie' in 2013
thirty years ago, Nigeria was seen as a 'dike' in African film, but now it is like other countries have passed on them.
Earlier, Nollywood was positioning itself to be the second highest in the world to produce more than 1000 million views in a year, Hollywood is producing more than that, but it does not want them to be the best in the world that they are trying to produce the best movie.
But coming from Africa, Kenya and South Africa, Nigeria has always looked thematically in the Oscars.
is the flag bearer in South Africa
'What is important to me is security of the country's economy.
How Senators inflated Nigeria's economy
's name was heard in some of the senators' seat
the Nigerian youths have challenged Buhari for calling them 'the lazy people'
The Nigerian youths are not complying with what Buhari said about CHOGM that they are lazy
u Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu
the Nigerians are saying that President Muhammadu Buhari is seeing them abroad often
people are still joining in discussing about the 'umengwụ' that the Nigerian president called 'the youths'.
Speaking at the London Commonwealth meeting called CHOGM, he stated that Nigerian youths are lazy
The statement he made did not vex the Nigerians, which made them popular on social media
and three statements which Buhari 'humiliated Nigeria with'
the youths are vexing for Buhari's statement
The president cannot insult Nigerians
s spokesman, Femi Adesina, said that Nigerians didn't understand what he said.
the words of Adesina did not stop people from expressing their feelings.
# LazyNigerianYouths is shouting
A lot of them went on to show their talents, saying that they were not lazy hunters because the Nigerian country is not good enough.
A white person put his hand in it.
Some said how they came to school by themselves.
Some said that they will not vote for Buhari in 2019
A spokesman conveyed the role of a lawyer.
who will be the new chairman of the commonwealth?
the leaders of Commonwealth are meeting to find out if the Walesian will represent his mother as the head of the department.
and Ezenwaany Elizabeth
The Queen of England wants her son Charles to take her husband's position
The leaders of Commonwealth are meeting to discuss how the young Wales will represent his mother as the chairman of the committee in charge of 53 states.
and it was on Thursday that the British Queen decided that Charles will lead the CHOGM team at Buckingham Palace.
She said that it was in her interest that Charles was a member of the CHOGM for one day.
and that is not what a Ezenwoman is giving to her child even if she feels she is dead.
is expected that the leaders of Commonwealth will họp for the person they will choose to lead in Windsor Castle but there is no indication that it will be announced during the meeting.
it is possible that no one other person has commonwealth?
The BBC journalist, James Landale, said that the war has begun to unravel among the country's leaders in Commonwealth.
and the British Prime Minister, Sir Cyril Ramaphosa, had hijacked his appearance in London as a response to the attack in his country.
the attack is taking place in South Africa as protestors are working to give them jobs, housing and insurance.
What is the duty of Commonwealth chairman?
The position of Ezenwaany Briten is in it very important.
The federation is mobilising up to fifty-three countries to ensure that the outcome of the Commonwealth is ascertained.
This includes the unity of these economies through the business and political relationship with the rest of the world.
The news that will interest you:
Chimamanda said that there was one who attacked him
The president cannot insult Nigerians
the Nigerian youths have challenged Buhari
The group members are travelling to and from the country to the group, to achieve the agreement reached.
is the board of directors making the decision on who will be their chairman.
and British Prime Minister, Justin Trudeau has supported Charles Trudeau to become the president.
What is CHOGM?
The CHOGM is the Commonwealth Heads of Government meeting in English.
It is the meeting of the leaders of the two commonwealth countries, which is happening for two years
The people that are doing this are the heads and governors of 50 nations and their families, friends and journalists
Ọgbakọ happened in London, whereas the previous one was in Valletta in Malta
the money borrowed from Imo will not be our currency- spokesperson to Rochas
Imo state government is saying that the scheme did not come to their aid, but they will spend 50 million naira on it.
Rochas Okorocha and Ogoni king, King Godwin Giininwa
Rochas Okorocha's governorship will be completed in 2019
As the news states that the Imo state government has beckoned on all the civilians to work for three hundred thousand naira, the Imo state government is saying that they do not want them as their priority.
Ebere Iwuji the spokesman of the governor on media told the Igbo BBC on phone that the pay would be only one day
He also said that funds would be used to fund the various projects the various towns in Imo state.
Aside saying it was sixty million naira that were squanderd to one country, Nzewuji said that there was no name on the money, because people now live in the neighbouring community should pay the money.
Nzewuji said, 'This will not be easy for the Imo state government, it is the different spheres that are covered by the Community Government Council (CGC).
Nzewuji said that the Imo state government would spend ten million naira on building the community already built by the money, while they are looking into how it will be used to build other things and other things that the community needs.
A candidate who wants to succeed will need to be supported, especially while they are simultaneously contributing to the economic development of the country, Nzewuji said.
Nzewuji went on to explain that no country has ever suffered as a result of this.
Listen to his explanation in detail here:
The news that will interest you:
the reason why Nigerians were given a 12-year-old bus
The president cannot insult Nigerians
tonight's top story: Buhari is Nigeria's father
How many other party members will support the decamp of APC?
In 2019 election, APC party members have been burnt as some members of the ruling party are trying to get the APC out of office in 2019
and Olusegun Obasanjo
usegun Obasanjo assumed leadership in 1999
A lot of APC and other party members are saying that Nigeria is trying to decamp from Buhari's party in 2019
The news stated that many party members are now having the opportunity to unite in a secret meeting to condemn each and every infraction in the upcoming election.
The main opposition members of this party are; the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), some leaders of the All Progressives Congress (APC), the Social Democratic Party, and other party members who are up to thirty-three.
and 'Coalition for Nigeria Movement (CNM)' led by the former president of Nigeria, Olusegun Obasanjo.
Obasanjo has started a music video
's 2019 election: Keyamo is the spokesman of Buhari
: I will contest in 2019
and APC were elected in 2015
The former presidents of Nigeria, the Lagos military and the frontier in the war, including T.Y Danjuma, are preparing for the crisis.
Speaking to one of the officers, 'this is not like a revolution by APC.'
We did not send the INEC office to change the name.
'This new party will give everyone a chance to express his/her feelings.'
The senators are in the house of senate and the govano are supporting him.
the PDP ruled Nigeria for 16 years before the APC will take over the leadership.
In the other hand, PDP party members are still contesting whether they will change their party name.
the chairman of the party Uche Secondus said that he and his team are still contesting for the election
But people are saying that instead of a change of name, the PDP has given the right platforms on which they will reorganize Nigeria and remove the APC from office.
The news that will interest you:
to make up to three hundred thousand naira in Imo state.
the patients who are receiving treatment have been arrested by health workers
the Nigerian youths have challenged Buhari
Mmọnwu attacked Fada's church 'Clearly establishment'
the beatings attacked the catholic church in Uke Anambra state and killed three vehicles.
The youths are shouting for death
's death is a national tradition well known to the Igbos
, 'The Eyes of Iyi' in Idemili North in Anambra State attacked the catholic church and stole more than thirty vehicles, injuring scores of people, whereas one of their loved ones died on Saturday.
The executive director of that church was Father Emmanuel Obimma, popularly known as 'Ebube Mmụọnsọ' and other priests, and women who woke up at the same place attacked the youths who went to pray for God during their Friday night prayer.
the secretary of Francis Okoye told the BBC reporter on phone that the dead people were attacked while the balkan was closed down as soon as eighty-nine minutes after the ceremony and destroyed more than thirty vehicles.
Aguleri and Igboukwu are not the father of the Igbos
A man has killed his children in Awada
Speaking after the incident, we condemned the cause of the trespassing to three.
They injured many people
and many of them are well-to-do who have gone to the hospital.
We do not know whether he was alive or dead
it was expected that the youths carried out the unconstitutional act of sacrilege towards the cause because, during the 'Uzọ iyi', the sickness usually improves and it lasts for six hours but the people who were called out to the place where the funeral was held, were expected to arrive at eighth after midnight.
'They started acquiring cars and people came in with their bags, collecting their money and their phones.
drowning accident in the gathering
We were forcefully stopped by the security guard but when we found out the cause of the incident, we called the police.
They came and arrested some of them
The Anambra state police said in good faith that the coup at Uke but said that no one one one died
The spokesman of the state's police Nkiru Nwode told the BBC that 'we arrested three people, we are investigating what happened here'
The news stated that this is not the first time the youths of the city are molesting those going to the catholic church on Friday which attracts more than 20 people every week
s said that the youths in the community are disturbing the drivers and the attendants, who are robbing them of some things and spending some money.
Earlier, they arrested Officer Father Obimma who witnessed the incident and informed the police which led to the arrest of the youths and left them when they were asked to leave the town by the villagers and the elders.
the youths are accused of insulting the elders and also molesting the people
The news that will interest you:
the 88-year-old may die in a tropical storm
Benue: the killers have killed 20 people
How many other party members will support the decamp of APC?
Ezeife: The Igbo will ask Buhari again
Ezeife and some other prominent people in the media have said that Igbo supporting Buhari to win in 2023 is a witchcraft
Chukwuemeka Ezeife and some Igbo leaders
Chukwuemeka Ezeife, the Igbo-Ukwu former governor of Anambra State is one who represents the Igbo in Nigeria
s in Igbo land have said that the Igbos will support the president Buhari in the 2019 election as they did in 2015.
They also warned the Igbos to be aware that if they support the president Buhari to contest in the 2019 presidential election that the Igbo presidential will be challenged with a woman on the podium, because it is a reckless idea.
In the other hand, many APC members including, Minister of Transportation, Rotimi Amaechi, Secretary to the Federal Government boss Mustafa and also the Voice of Nigeria boss Ọsita Okechukwu told the Igbo to vote for Buhari in 2019, as they were about to arrive in 2023.
to become Igbo president 2019 - Balarabe Musa
'Idbo people are being treated as those who have been caught up in debauchery.'
But many Igbo people said that the statement was a witchcraft to get votes for the Igbo, and that Buhari was paid by the Igbos for collecting him in 2015, that they would not vote for him in the 2019 election.
'In his discussion with the Sun, the former governor of Anambra state Dr Chukwuemeka Ezeife said: 'I did not expect it to be done.
We don't think that we should be complaining about people's dislike for president.
I think that if we must go and pray for God, who knows that if an Igbo becomes the president, obibly for the Fulani people, the Yoruba people, as well as for the diverse people of Nigeria because we must re-establish the Nigerian economy as it will continue.
Speaking about 2023 is a long story, everyone is saying it to vex for the Igbos.'
In the same way, former President of Ohanaeze Ndigbo, Dozie Ikedife, said that the Igbos who have been promised to get the Presidency no matter how long ago.
He told the Sun newspaper: 'The Igbos have been promised many this kind of promises in the past, and they have been killing our people
If someone tries you twice or twice, you come in fourth and you think of a thought.
the pace of the land has beaten people
'What is important to me is how I will deal with law and discussions on getting Biafra and not fighting anyone,' he said.
Recall that in 2015, many Igbos did not vote for Buhari in 2015, which made him popular with those who voted for him.
The news that will interest you:
The catholic church in Anambra state was said to have been an uncompleted building with nobody residing in it.
is up to eighty and eighty-nine years old
Benue: the killers have killed 20 people
A man has crashed to a restaurant in America
The police is in search of a man who assaults people on a plate and kills four people while four others are injured.
The building where the incident happened
The police found gun to be used to attack the house.
s said that one man shot to death has injured four people in a restaurant in Nashville, America
The man came to the restaurant at about eighth of the morning in Antioch and began to gun down people.
and four other injured victims were injured before the waiter who was asked to kneel down and he bounced back.
the police has given the name of the man who is Travis Reinking 22 years old who is from Illinois where they are searching for him
An interesting story
The catholic church in Anambra state was said to have been an uncompleted building with nobody residing in it.
the 88-year-old may die in a tropical storm
Benue: the killers have killed 20 people
s: look out for rain in 2019
Wole Soyinka
the Nobel award winner, Wole Soyinka has stated that the country is doing well in Nigeria
Wole Soyinka warned Nigerians to be vigilant
e Soyinka also a famous writer has warned Nigerians to be mindful of water and not to allow politicians to delegitimize them in the upcoming 2019 election.
, who said this on the occasion of the memorial ceremony of a notorious lawyer Gani Fawehinmi in Lagos state said that Nigeria's ruling capitalist class is in crisis.
He observed that Nigerians who have been baffled by their problems, have now been freed from their problems as predictors in the upcoming election, and advised Nigerians to be ready to ask for help from the left to take over leadership.
and the APC executives have had debate
Wol Wol Wol Wol Wol Wol Wol Wol Wol Wol Wole Soyinka: Unity is equal to strength
He said: 'It is not sacred that the ruling capitalist class is in crisis.
'It is not to rule a democratic government, our country is in crisis.
I do not think there is a time in the world, especially in this country where everything is possible with this adage.
We are all above this.
the question is do we see it as a chance to salvage what happened to us and our country in general, as a result of the things that happened to us and to our country in particular?
It is not a new and revolutionary account of the need to create a nation.
'It is unclear if the people of the ruling capitalist class who have helped them come up with the plan that brought us to this position today are the people that have been recognised as the founders of the Nigerian Revolutionary Party, and a country that has made up to 200 million people.'
in a bid to convince Nigerians to pay particular attention in order to avoid disasters.
The news that will interest you:
The catholic church in Anambra state was said to have been an uncompleted building with nobody residing in it.
the 88-year-old may die in a tropical storm
Benue: the killers have killed 20 people
to say that while the Nigerian language is being used to describe, one or two of them means that there are people around the throne who are in it.
and people are still afraid because of the sex content and the fact that the victims are the ones who joined in Nigeria's ruling capitalist class today.
What is the reason why Nigerians did not attend school in America?
the Nigerian government has apologised to them for the outcome of the Nigerian-American financial agreement on Nigeria and the American ministers.
Yemi Osibanjo and Abuja
Yemi Osibanjo is among the names on the register. The meeting was a meeting
A lot of Nigerian leaders have objected to being in the meeting organized by the American ambassador to Washington DC.
The failure of the government to address the needs of the people made people to expect that Nigeria would not be able to access loans from overseas.
appointed includes; the Vice president Yemi Osinbajo, the Minister of Environment Kemi Adeosun, the Minister of Environment Ibe Kwachukwu, the Minister of Agriculture Audu Ogbeh, the Minister of Enugu Ogbonnaya Onu, the Minister of information Lai Mohammed, the Minister of information and media Kayode Fayemi and the Minister of information Enelamah.
The death of a child has put the money in
has accepted to reclaim the money Abacha borrowed
A person that this government did is Emir of Kano Sanusi Lamido, who worked as a banker in Nigeria
Sanusi's speech
Sanusi said that a person who is planning to invest in Africa, 'he has Nigeria, he has Ghana, he has Rwanda, he has Rwanda, Kenya and South Africa'.
He went on to say, 'Nigeria is more than all other countries in the world in cyber space, but it can be said that if he wants to put 500 dollars in Nigeria, let me put 100 dollars in Ghana, 100 dollars in Rwanda, 100 dollars in Code Vuwa, so that it gets the exposure to cyber space.
We invited them and the foreign investors to do business, we started at nine o'clock, we got to eight o'clock.
'When I got there, they took me to the Nigerian airport.
The attendees of the meeting were there, the deputy president is not there, the ministers are not there, Sanusi said.
Sanusi said that the action was not good, because he shows that Nigeria hadnally not been prepared for the issue.
He said, 'Young people are invited to come and feel how traffic is going to be handled in Nigeria, but you don't know.
It is not how you can find people that will invest in Nigeria.
So long as it is the Russians that organized the meeting, their president, Kagame will be there to inform people about the coming of Rwanda.
A lot of people took part in the discussion on social media.
'followed by @SegunAndrews' user agrees with Sanusi's statement
But, the government has stated that it is not like they know what is going to happen.
Laị Mohammed La Laị Mohammed the minister of information sends a message that it is not true and that those who should go to that meeting cannot go to that.
is explaining that the government's ministers appearance in this ceremony did not get their authorised mandate, or they were in Washington DC when the meeting was happening.
He said that mappingstakes, which include electricity and labour and health insurance, had not received any form of insurance despite their names on the books.
, the minister of mgbere and himself became the president following the meeting of the Commonwealth countries in London.
the minister is now explaining about the money in Washington, but it is for the meeting of the global financial community with IMF.
He went on to say that the ministry who is in charge of information and culture had a book, but it was not responded to him when he informed the kidnappers that it will not be revealed to anyone other than himself.
'These indications showed that the Ministers were not supposed to travel to this meeting.
'please let the Igbo die
Ikeogu Oke won 100 million as the highest goal scorer in Nigeria in 2017.
The winner of the award as the best indigenous indigenous in Nigeria in 2017 Ikeogu Oke has said that Igbo language will not die if Igbos call him
Ikeogu won 100 awards as the best international poet in Nigeria named 'Nigerian Prize of literature' for his book titled 'The Heresiad'.
What made the book differently is that it was written in Igbo language.
In a conversation with the Igbo BBC, Mr Oke said concerning the Igbo language, that he believed that it should be spoken through him
The federal government has said what to do with the money that Abacha has borrowed
deputy minister in charge of foreign currency has said what the federal government will use for the operation of Abacha in Nigeria
, Kemi Adeosun and Christine Lagarde are the coordinator of IMF
the Nigerian government has approved to spend three hundred million naira on two million dollars Abacha fund recovered from the Swiss government.
the minister in charge of Kemi Adeosun has said that the money will be used to buy properties for the poor as President Buhari promised when he was in office.
He said this while heading the newsroom of the global financial body, IMF in America, in Washington, America.
Adeosun said that the money had been invested in the specialty of the Niajiria bank called CBN in order to start creating schemes for the poor.
The death of a child has put the money in
The senators have called the chairman of the bank
In a message, he said the Federal Government hopes that they are working on a plan with them, in order to good Nigeria.
In his words 'we shall put these programmes in action and the economy of Nigeria will rise'
and what benefits Nigeria is deriving from CHOGM?
Igbo man has defeated Big Brother Naija
The Nigerians did not attend meeting in America
to have multiple streams of income.
s Nigeria to organize its internal currency so that it is one currency, while the cassava roots are said to have many.
naira
the EFCC said that Umar is looking for 10 million naira
In an attempt to strengthen the Nigerian economy, the IMF has warned Nigeria to diversify its external debt.
the Nigerian economy has five major sectors; one for importers of petrol in Najiria, one for the medical practitioners in Saudi Arabia, one for pastors in the Diaspora, another for pastors in oversea and one by the federal government.
Speaking to the bank, Pat Utomi and Uche Uwaleke explained to the BBC reporter, having many changes in the banking system.
See some of the challenges of having too much money:
it produces damages
, but the rich man has the opportunity to buy a house and sleep with himself, but the poor man has the opportunity to import what he will use to build a good market in the country and he knows no one will help him.
'Not good for business growth.'
where tapioca money will enter
's inflation: Has dollar reduced close to naira?
In his words, Uche Uwaleke gave a recommendation, 'While the total borrowing of N305 from the treasury of the government is N3, 000, and the person has borrowed from the treasury of N365, thereby generating interest. But if there is one borrowing, you can't rerow it.'
it stops polluted with electricity and produces products in the country.
Uwaleke said that having multiple streams of income is making some of their businesses more profitable.
s what they will be doing is to raise money, not to produce something.
He is in the process of revolutionising the nation's economy.
Utomi said that 'wen the people who are making money from the land to send their children to the obodo, it will make everybody who wants to send his child to the obodo, the books we have in our country will be old.
Saraki and Ekweremadu: People are talking about avoiding them
Ekweremmadu 'progress his economy'
the peace of Nigeria has been restored to Ekweremadu
The senators are 109 senators, if 108 people are in Ekweremadu's house, it means that they are all in his residence.
Recall that the senate decided today to invite the security guard to the house of deputy senate president Ike Ekweremadu, where they were attacked today
Ekweremadu was prevented from appearing in his home today, causing him not to attend the national assembly meeting today, where about 14 senators who decamped APC have joined PDP
Uche Anichukwu, the spokesman of Ekweremadu, told the Igbo BBC that he was prevented from going home by the EFCC in Abuja, that it is not the DSS as we wrote earlier
sOmishore, the special adviser to Bukola Saraki, wrote a letter to the EFCC which was received by Ekweremadu this morning, on Twitter.
In that letter, the EFCC said that they wanted to investigate Ekweremadu for alleged money laundering, misappropriation of his positions and the use of English currency called'money laundering'.
As Saraki went to the senatorial and bipolarized the 'plenary', he made a statement that Ekweremdu did not exist, and said that he was trying to ensure his independence.
Anyanwu said that he was with Ekweremadu yesterday, but the paper noted that the police was looking for him
After the plenary, the lawmakers passed that the security personnel should to step down immediately in the house of the deputy senate president Ike Ekweremadu, so that he can commence his mandate.
In this morning, Saraki was among the arrested people in his house.
In other hand, the Nigerian President, Muhammadu Buhari thanked the APC members today as he commended them.
He said this through his Twitter handle @MBuhari:
the EFCC arrested Ekweremadu in Abuja
the video which shows what the EFCC thought of Ekweremadu's house
s that joined and killed in the catholic church have been condemned to death
The supreme court has appealed to the parents of the deceased and sued Father John Adeyi for death by conviction.
The court has mandated to prosecute criminals
the federal high court in Makurdi, Benue state has decided to kill two people, Hartuna Idi and Suleiman Gina both of whom were kidnapped and killed by father John Adeyi until they were done for what they did.
Recall that four brothers including Saidu Abdullahi and Aliyu Garba had killed Father Adeyi, a Catholic priest in Otukpo Dayosis, Benue state, where he was buried and buried his corpse in a nearby bush in Otukpo.
Icing on the kidnappers.
has been abandoned to the kidnappers
But when the police found four of them, they declared that they got the family of the priest one million naira and one million dollars (N1.7m) as his money but they dropped him when they heard that the villagers were about to come and rescue him wherever they were arrested.
One of them said that he was shot dead when he hit his head and his legs were injured whereas two of them were condemned to death today, Wednesday
In a message sent across to the Daily Post, they expressed satisfaction that finally, justice had arrived.
And they pleaded that the decision was painful because Adeyi, who is a professor, was killed.
the senators have come to Ekweremadu
Saraki and Ekweremadu: People are talking about avoiding them
s are paying the ransome that their leaders are doing- Expertise
it is possible to live with a baby that is big but not big enough to please the world?
Igbo culture said that it has its foundation in the olden days and the reason behind it is being so concerned now.
In the olden days, Igbo believes that those who are rich can trade wit others
The birth of a newborn in the home brings great joy to the bride.
It is however, that in Igbo land where the newborns are born, their fears can be heard
the community is known as Igbuzo (Ibusa) in Delta state, where children are being treated as specially
Who be the chief?
to give birth to a newborn is because her mother asked a group of people living in the land to give her a baby.
will you have this kind of tribal marks our forefathers had in the olden days
Do you know the god worshipped by the Igbos in the olden days?
'They believe that the name given to them is a designated name for the child which they will use to mark him
They called the children 'Ezenwa'.
'They believe in themselves are their reflection'.
'As long as they are committed, a child who is given a title would be the best in the world because he is well-mannered, they are hardworking, and they will go a long way in destroying menaces in the military.
But many of the issues are rooted by ethnicity.
and you are supposed to take proper care of yourself first.
s joined in front of dada
A lot of people, however, believe that a child who is born of breast cancer, will contract more diseases if he or she is infected with the virus.
It is an abomination to take a stance and a face.
whoever did this and gave birth to the baby, both are supposed to give birth immediately or give birth to a baby with the right kind of money.
the ceremony will stop the child from contracting much diseases.
It is only the girl's mother who can experience the most love from this child.
and pray for the priest
The news said that it was the native doctors that expelled the baby.
Ugbua professionals in the media and with a host of people scurrilous attacks are rampaging.
The boy will have been knocked out, the child will have been talking.
that his family would ask him what he wants to be done with him.
the things he wants on that day that they will give him.
Uka Kraist
Igbo land is a blessed land where the words of the Kraist speaks very well.
This has made many Igbo cultures change.
Now, many Igbo people do not believe that the evil fortitude of fathers to give birth to a child is tantamount to the reality.
But they still send that child to the church as prayes are heaped on him.
Dr Anthony Mgbolu told the Igbo BBC that the initial shock was the cause of the break-in for the family
The Igbo culture explained about the leaders
Speaking on African history at the University of Lagos, Chiagozie Nnabuihe, explained to BBC Igbo that Igbo land during ancient days was nothing to do with today's leaders
Nnabuihe said that if an Igbo in the olden days believes in giving birth to a baby, they should give him a name.
In his speech: 'Dada is the name given to her by the yoruba.
the reason why Igbos are so happy is because of the relationship they have with the Yoruba.'
But is Bauchi really all that is right now?
Nnamdi Daniels is a movie director
A lot of people we interviewed said that there was nothing wrong with him but in reality, most people still see him as a wicked person.
Nnamdi Daniels a Nigerian man who is a big bumbum told the Igbo BBC that he has hustling about their conversation and was babbling about himself because of his big bumbum.
In his words: 'I remember one time I made a return visit to the University of Niger State.
the security began to ask me questions that I was baffled about. this caused me a lot of trouble.'
The government has discarded the treatment of Codiene which is costing two hundred million dollars
in charge of health has spent more than two hundred million naira on other bills and is looking into others.
Codiene
ntorobia and the adoption of tiger cows
The federal government has declared that they have eliminated the use of tiger drug in more than two hundred percent of Nigeria's markets.
the minister in charge of health, Professor Isaac Adewole said this when his six-member committee came to look into the issue of Codiene's coming to him to testify on their findings.
He also said that this is to show that the government is committed to their commitment to reducing unemployment in Nigeria
Mmachi Codeine: Cough drug is now expensive.
Nafdac has denied Emzor's bail and others.
Adewole said that his organization and the ministry in charge of food and drug control called the National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control were partners in the crackdown.
Recall that in May this year, BBC released a video showing the panic about blood disease in Nigeria
It was in this video that the government said that they would seek for the reduction of the minimum wage.
The government is saying that they are still looking at the other bags of shoes I have been in.
An interesting story
the 2019 election: see the Igbo that want to contest for the presidency.
Why do Igbos always go to these churches.
the reason why Igbo people are displaced from the forest
was the market a place where Igbo people are built but was it painful for them to destroy people's corpses in this market?
The oil workers
Igbo dances differently
Why is Igbo called the evil forest?
Do you know that the evil forest remains with us till this day in Igbo land?
What is the meaning of this market?
Speaking on African and international affairs at the University of Lagos, Chiagozie Nnabuihe, explained to BBC Igbo and Igbo how the place was a bush, not a forest as people are calling it now.
According to Igbo tradition, the forest reserves are where they rule the land.
E whereas they are separating whoever the land has taken from who the spirit of the land.
in Igbo Chukwu is the most important land, but the spirit is the spirit of the land.
Nnabuihe explained that the Igbo land believed that land is a spirit that creates wonders for the world
it is possible to live with a baby that is big but not big enough to please the world?
will you have this kind of tribal marks our forefathers had in the olden days
the land is bad (the badness of the land is destruction)
Igbo believe in the land, which knows everything, this means that there is no harm to be faced.
the hunger that is still hazy in Igbo land till this day.
to bear on the disease for the forefathers.
See the destructive influence of the land on those who caused it
Ekpenta (Leprosy)
's next level is to be completed by the African salad.
Nzịza (Dropsy)
Ibi(hernia)
Nnabuihe explained that at that time, there was no doctor who could give birth to the diseases mentioned.
whoever had this disease, supposed to report immediately to his cause before he dies
that he is not alone, they will take him to the evil forest.
Do you know the god worshipped by the Igbos in the olden days?
the things you should not do close to an Igbo man
and things like; holding a wedding or relationship with another man, or learning how to trade and how to trade can make the land that you are.
A person's suicide is not a bad thing
As Nnabụihe explained, the expulsion of this person is to seek for the rearing of his children and his family
the chief priest in Igbo land
the Igbo in the olden days believes that everyone who welcomes a foreigner has to land his house
there are now bush fires in Igbo land
's condolence in Imo state
the fire in Okija
is the size of a bag of shoes
to hunt
Arusi
Igbo people are dying
Nnabuihe said that this is the most bad thing that is on going on in Igbo land.
He said: 'There are various cultures in Igbo land that are similarly old. When the Kraist's coming to Igbo land, people have suffered many diseases, no one is educated about this sickness
An interesting story
to the lady on Twitter for what she said
The new candidates of the party who asked the soshal media to focus on one thing.
: Al Nasr group has responded to him today
He has since said that Musa can translate to Al Nasr but now, he has confirmed it.
is a member of the team
One person thought that he would join a club that brought in Ahmed Musa
but now, Musa has made a mistake in the world cup qualifying match where he lost to Leicester City and ran into Al Nasr of Saudi Arabia
't know how they took it from Leicester City but it's been clear before now that it is up to seventy pounds.
Do you know that women are all over the Super Eagles?
The Super Eagles are now looking like a new wife who wants to marry.
World Cup 2018: Why Nigerians arepreciative of Ahmed Musa
is first owned by CSKA Moscow in 2016 but it was last season sold by the club in the 2017 season.
Speaking to the Iko Mbawa, people thought that he would go to Galatasaray because the supporters of the club called him a great name.
to show how one of his former colleagues treated him 'well' and accepted him among them.
Meanwhile, Ahmed Musa has never said anything about the matter.
Babatunde Fashola said that Nigeria was in trouble for electricity
and what Babatunde Fashola's speech about electricity was true, it would be a great thing to the Nigerian economy.
and animal feeding
s are shouting for light
in charge of light, Babatunde Fashola said that the electricity produced in Nigeria has increased by seventy megawatt
Fashola stated this in Katsina, the capital of Kros Riva state yesterday
s will not be effective till 2023 - Electricity workers
PHCN suppose PHCN suppose PHCN suppose to give you 3 months notice before disconnecting your light-Lawyer
Fashola is in charge of Kalaba while the board of directors in his department are meeting
He said that despite the jobs it had done, his ministry had not changed the state of electricity in Nigeria by as much as they were when they started in 2015.
Fashola told the three sectors that were in favour of Buhari's government
thirty years ago, electricity supply was the major problem we had in Nigeria.
Meanwhile, the electricity workers are saying that they do not have any of them to distribute to Nigerians.
'At that time, we sold 2,690 megawatt to Nigerians, but the story has changed.
We are now producing 5,222 megawat, which is the highest number since Nigeria.
Now, the output is up to 7000 megawatt, and 7000 shares.
the crisis is still there, but we can say that we are moving forward.
The news that will interest you: Nigerian government has sent helicopter in search of Dapchi children.
'llow your baby to suck'
the Igbos are selling king in Kano.
has killed four persons in Port Harcourt.
The way you can make sure your children are happy during these Yuletide periods.
and don't use money when you don't have the funds to do societal good during this period.
s relationship with Oprah Winfrey.
's turn has come to a point when students have special holidays because they are short term.
Some parents have been preparing how to take their children to school called 'Summer Lesson' but not all children are like that.
If you are not among the people that will call their children 'Summer Lesson', see what you have done for them.
A woman who wants to pay her husband expenses will be told how much the money is due.
, has kidnapped four of the 12 children that were kidnapped in Thailand
's Fight Against Child Invasion
and also teach them how to use chopsticks.
the water channel is the way your children will use to reach that goal and learn to save themselves from the water
He would also make them to be strengthened to bear fruitful fruits and vegetables.
and listen to them today.
'Clearly prepare them for the supplementary and other exercises.
wash their hands on how to use the chopsticks.
Igbo suppose to knwo
it has more than no fear?
to the highest bidder
We are going to teach our children?
Eeeeee.
communicate with them from the olden days
Do you know the first time of killing a bomb in Igbo land?
Do you know the name of the first man released from prison?
you can learn from this and share it with your children.
The only way you can do this is to invite them to the Igbo chamber of commerce.
ADVANTAGE.
and take them to a place where they will be educated.
This will enable them to take job opportunities and will give them job opportunities in the future if they do not getemployed in the university.
A group of soldiers
In the end, if you are a well-timed omenala, this period of repose is when you can put them in the oil or gas in your country.
This will enable them to have good knowledge, information and a view to the Igbo culture and tradition.
The news that will interest you: Nigerian government has sent helicopter in search of Dapchi children.
'llow your baby to suck'
the reason why Igbo people are displaced from the forest
A woman who gave birth to herself, while a child who gave birth to another woman, bought Tramadol.
The experts have said that it was a serious problem that brought many problems to a halt including the modern way of life in Nigeria.
edgal Imohimi
The commissioner of police in Lagos state Edgal Imohimi said that they have reduced the operation of the badoo police in Ikorodu
The police has arrested a woman who hired herself to sell 15 million naira to her husband in Ogun state
In the other hand, a kidnapper was arrested where he went to kidnap a person and later sent to jail for the treatment of Tramadol.
But the experts in human behaviour are psychologists and native doctors who say that such a kind of atrocity and indolence is the cause of it.
has been abandoned to the kidnappers.
Femi Joseph Femi Joseph and his gang invaded the market to sell drugs to her husband but Joseph was able to get the drugs from the market.
s manager explained that when they came to the patient's house, they threw the drug into the open and brought the back to the house.
As the police spoke to Ondo state, But as they did not have what they need, one of them refused to take bribe from him because of the drug.
it will take 24 hours for it to be completed.
and Tramadọl was also brought to his aid.
In other hand, a Hadijat Kabir's daughter was arrested and two others, including one man and a woman, carrying a bag of money, were convicted of stealing and kidnapping from her parents and forty-five million naira.
The police commissioner in Lagos state Imohimi Edgal, said it was a complaint her husband brought that they went to investigate and found out that it was his wife and the people involved in the incident.
Speaking on human behaviour and leadership at Ebonyi State University, Nnachi Amos, said that it is not only moral debauchery that led to this position but also the economic damage now.
'Sometimes it is a bad issue with having bad luck with having bad luck.'
Speaking at the Federal Neuro-Pychiatric Hospital in Yaba, Lagos, Chinyere Okonkwo agreed with Amos' statement.
Their internal organs were weak.
Speakingly, the project was not a big ask.
was more than enough.
The news that will interest you:
Ozubulu Church Massacre: One year is over
A man and a woman can be friends?
the things you should not do close to an Igbo man
The mother of a bottle of alcohol has died after nine days
The Ondo state police has stated that a kidnapper has died.
A woman who breast feeds her husband
Speaking to BBC, he said that the kidnapper is supposed to pay the ransome.
the Police spokesman of Ondo Femi Joseph has told the journalists that a bottle of wine has died as reported by the News agency of Nigeria
Recall that she was asleep since policemen arrested her on August 5 while she was selling drugs.
said that the kidnapper was in a hospital in the state where he was being treated by medical doctors.
A parent should collect his child's allowances-Bishop
has excluded himself from the suit
What empowers the kidnappers?
In his words, 'This child who is being examined has died as the night we arrested him.
We thought we would rearrest him so that he could help us in the investigation we were doing, but he died yesterday.'
This can be traced to his overdose of anti-malaria.
We use this opportunity to call on parents to be aware of the type of friendship they are having.
The news said that the kidnapper went to pick the ritualist but the person resisted.
that his members later attacked one Daudu Wale's member's house, where he went to buy medicine whereas one was caught with one of them
The news that will interest you:
What will you do to Nnamdi Kanu when you meet him?
, has been killed by a new born baby in Onitsha today
and Osinbajo, will they contest in 2019?
Five ways to start making N10,000 worth of money
the statement attracted lots of controversy in the generality of Nigerians and the federal government.
and another popular story is the story of an Igbo woman called Mama Boko Haram.
Aisha Wakil told Igbo BBC how she is kidnapping the children of the Boko Haram today
The news that Nigeria gained three hundred and ten heads of views after the end of the war, gives every Igbo and every Nigerian with a sense of belonging.
Abaribe's speech about the cattle rearers was made in 2018
is a global competition that focuses on the Igbos.
World Cup: Ezi 'eyesighted' has said that Super Eagles will get to the finals.
Also circulating is the story of the arrest of four women of Ipob in Owerri.
The women were condemned in court today
We women are not supposed to obey any law-Justice Ipob
the release of the women of IPOB in Owerri
, flood was declared an issue in Igbo land in 2018.
the news that brought about the decision about IVF.
The five female students of Regina Pacis in Onitsha also made history for Igbo when they won the Technovation 2018 with 5 goals to become the best in the world.
The news that will interest you:
s will start in January 1 - Nigerian army
Green Revolution Green Revolution: what the Shagari people created for Nigerians
is there a way to end child abuse in society?
Second Niger Second Second Niger Second Niger Second Second Niger Second Niger Second Niger Second Second Niger Second Niger Second Niger Second Second Niger Second Niger Second Second Niger Second as a promise to a woman
Igbo Tradition: Why bride is celebrated in Igbo language
Speaking while some people are asking why women are performing abortive in some parts of Igbo land, this is explained by this report.
A man and a woman are together.
Igbo does not allow male and female to neither enter nor leave.
A more detailed account is available of some of the youths or agbagous youths that loved themselves, and agreed to share a close relationship with another man as a couple, but had not done such a thing as marriage as they should.
It is also learnt that there are various incidents during this period, especially the woman who was kept in the man's house without any religious program.
the title of a woman in Igbo land
the five things that interest women
is it a curse that will stop in Igbo land?
As a matter of fact, this usually involves different families and lifestyles.
Speaking on the matter, some Igbo community, for instance, made it become law that a man must marry only his wife and live together, which he does not do when he is alive.
Ingredients for burial of a woman in the burial ceremony:
In Igbo land, do not believe that a man has given a woman, even if he has not done anything on herself
and even if he does well in court, it is expected that he will be able to do as parents want.
As expert in the history of Nze Olueze Olueze Ukaejuoha (The second edition) in Umuakara, Isu in Nwangele of Imo state told the Igbo BBC that the law if their country, also has its various sanctions.
'He who is not alive, he dies', is the way most societies have it.
and in Akọkwa community as well as in Imo state, this plan is unlike any other, where a woman's mother gives birth to her baby and goes to their house.
Ingredients for preparing bride's dress:
the person will now tell my children that their father died (there would be no way they could tell him that he was dead).
They will follow him and will 'comment' to their child, when they see her corpse, they will accuse the man of killing their child, which will make him to lie his hand on his mouth
to show that she is not killed she would also like to sell the corpse of the woman
She will go to her husband's house
It will be revenge for me and my children that his wife had died.
The man will go on to prepare his burial ceremony.
what will happen to a woman who refused to marry.
As Nzeejuọha explains, these are the things that will make a woman not to have a titled organ:
the person will experience disaster on different roads
s as well as maltreatment towards the person
The don'ts for this person
The person could have died of cardiac arrest.
But the person may have adjusted, twitered or something else that was starting to wear out.
The person will do what the person will do if he turns around
If the man had looked completely bewildered and completely shocked due to the amount of money he was making, what would he have done?
the person will lead the elders of their country to come and say goodbye to the devil
A punishment would be given to him by ensuring that he does all the things he should have done within two weeks.
in Nigeria 2019 elections: Njirimara of the contestants – Muhammadu Buhari
The Nigerian president Muhammadu Buhari is contesting for the second term as the president of the country under the leadership of a democratic party.
u moved
the current president Muhammadu Buhari is campaigning for three hundred and forty-three votes to become the Nigerian president.
He took office in December 1983 (1984) as the Nigerian soldiers took power in large part, but many of his followers succeeded Buhari in large part in 1985.
The BBC's attention is still on the front page now.
appointed the president through political contest in 2015, with the first attempt to get the mandate three years later.
As it is now, Buhari has no right to discriminate against anyone.
Speaking while in the office of the leader, most people in jail have said that Buhari has no option to release them as the court would have done.
A 76-year-old man was awarded a job in 2015, and promised to fight against corruption and fraud and violence, as well as improve Nigeria's economy.
and four years into the final stage but many people do not know that what he did reflected what was expected.
'He promised that he would lead the Boko Haram war against Nigerian based in North and South Eastern Nigeria, but recently, the bandits werepazing to put Buhari's position in the president's evil fortunes by attacking the area.'
Speaking on the matter believed that Buhari would experience a resilient fight in the ruling party even if their name is no more - the PDP presidential candidate Atiku Abubakar and also a member of the ruling party and a member of the Nigerian Union of Journalists known as Buhari.
is the flag bearer of the All Progressives Congress (APC) as president and he is one of the most popular in Nigeria, despite many people vexing for his name as a symbol of economic collapse.
The news that will interest you:
'Egwu Eke II' loo Nnamdi Kanu - Buratai
I am not afraid of corruption in the 2019 election' - Atiku
2019: those who contested and their vice
Do you know six people that are most likely to be part of the 2019 presidential contest?
the BBC would run them to the death.
The contestants in the presidential election
is six people contesting for president who is the most popular among them and their vices:
As the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) reports, more than 70 million people are contesting for president in 2019, the Igbo BBC want to show you the most popular names.
In support of election in the Eastern Anyanwu has been fired
I will not be like Tinubu to tell people who they will vote.'
is not going to give you money but it will support your project
In the six people among them and their vices, there are three women among them; one is contesting for the president while the other is contesting for the vice.
s relationship with Yemi Osinbajo
and Osinbajo have ruled Nigeria since 2015 under the All Progressives Congress (APC)
who is Muhammadu Buhari?
He was born on 18th December, 1942
He has ruled Nigeria twice; as a civil and as military.
He three-term presidential contests (2003, 2007 and 2011) before appointing him in 2015
In the same way he is the president, he is also the minister of petroleum
who is Yemi Osinbajo?
He was born on the 8th of Marchi, 1957
He is a priest in the Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG)
He won the position of vice president Buhari in 2015
He is also a lawyer
2) Atiku Abubakar and Peter Obi
Atiku and Obi are contesting for the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the 2019 election.
who is Atiku Abubakar?
He was born in November 25, 1964
He became vice president from 1999 to 2007
He has twice contested for the presidency as a two-term candidate; in 2007 under AC and in 2018 under PDP.
He is an entrepreneur with a diverse business background.
who is Peter Obi?
He was born on 14th of July, 1961
He appointed Anambra state governor under APGA in 2003 but it did not get any better till March 2006 when he won in court, but his certificate was later re-enacted in November that year.
he was rearrested in his mind in February 2007, 2007, and rearrested on May 2007, when Andy Uba won him, but the court ruled for him to be held for four years.
the certificate of office for Anambra governor in 2014 after he twice visited the two local government areas.
He is a specialist in economics.
Oby Ezekwesili and AbdulGaniyu Galadima
and also the leader of the Allied Congress Party of Nigeria (ACPN) they want to take over leadership.
who is Oby Ezekwesili?
He was born on 24th of April 1963
He is the Minister of Information and Culture from 2005 to 2006 and also of Education from 2006 to 2007.
'Bring Back Our Girls (BBOG)' is the group in charge of Chibok girls who have been kidnapped since 2014
and if she wins, she will be the first woman to become the president in Nigeria
who is Ganiyu Galadima?
He was born on June 16, 1964.
He attended his higher education in Kwara State University where he soon became one of the administrators of the institution.
He was the former vice president of the ACPN in 2015
He is a man who has been expelled.
4) Kingsley Moghalu and Umma Getso
Mog Moghalu and Getso are contesting for the Young Progressive Party (YPP)
who is Kingsley Moghalu?
He was born on May 6, 1963
This is the first time he is contesting for the Nigerian government.
He studied law and earned his certificate as a lawyer in a university.
He is also a professor in economics.
He functioned as a direct manager of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) in English.
who is the Umma Getso?
she was born in 1981
He is their vice chairman YPP
He is an entrepreneur, and an entrepreneur in the field of women entrepreneurship.
Omoyele Sowore and Rabiu Ahmed Rufai
Sowore and Rufai are contesting for African Action Congress (AAC)
who is Omoyele Sowore?
He was born on 14th February, 1971
He is a person who has the sensitivity of being a leader.
He made his way to the university.
'Sahara Reporters'
It was founded by AAC in August 2018
who is Rabiu Ahmed Rufai?
He was born on the 17th of July, 1976
she is a medical doctor or a nurse is a specialist in that field
He attended a lecture at the Bayero University of Technology in Kano.
, Fela Durotoye and Khadijah Abdullahi-Iya
and Abdullahi-Iya are contesting for governorship under the party, Alliance for New Nigeria (ANN)
who is Fela Durotoye?
He was born on May 27th, 1971
He went to the University of Obafemi Awolowo in Ile-Ife
He is a person who teaches people how to use the money, and he is a person who talks to people.
He is contesting for president under the party, Alliance for New Nigeria (ANN)
who is Khadijah Abdullahi-Iya?
she is the founder of 'Women Community of Africa (WCA) and 'Rags to Riches (R2R)'
He is also a lawyer
What kind of person would you vote?
Imo Election Results: Seven things that affected Uche Nwosu's spoke
and Uche Nwosu came back after the Igbo BBC interviewed him about the governorship contest in Owere Imo state.
s in Owerri when BBC Igbo did the meeting of the governors of Imo state but it was expected that the Imo people looked completely bewildered that only one person among the four people told BBC Igbo that they would be returning to the meeting.
the Imo state APC spokeman has followed Uche Nwosu
Imo APC Primaries: Uche Nwosu has been chosen as the governor of Imo state.
Those that hit the Imo people are Emeka Ihedioha of PDP, Hope Uzodimma of APC and Ifeanyi Ararume of APGA
The Igbo BBC correspondent, Adline Okere, said that it was only Ararume who told him that he was free because he was beginning his campaign.
So the ceremony started with a two-minute silence.
In his response to the summon, Uche Nwosu pledged to pay N30m as dowry for the remaining three months if the government has sufficient funds to pay him.
Nwosu went on to say that his party had not seen the president's candidate as he took part in the discussion of his support to President Muhammau Buhari.
to say the least; 'There is nothing in mymanifesto that I can do.'
has said as faced by Uche Nwosu
Uche Nwosu from APC joined AA to contest for governorship election in Owere Imo state
Nwosu stated what he will do for the Imo state if he takes the post in the 2019 election.
for President: 'A AA member can overthrow Uche Nwosu'
is not true that the Action Alliance is not supporting Nwosu - Obidiche
Ngwa, see what he did well in both theinkamb and theinkamb:
I'll remember that education is to be studied by the people
I will make healthcare available for women, pregnant women and elderly women.
I will make the youths to beentrepreneur
I am a firm believer in politics.
I will have to deal with the killers of people that snatch jobs from the Imo people
I will pay the minimum wage of N30m if the federal government approves it.
I will look into the issue of pension.
The news that will interest you:
, Ihedioha and Ararume are not answerable to the Igbo BBC conversation
Atiku is going to America with a question that will be answerable to us-Lai Mohammed
what Nigerians are saying about Atiku's travel to America
Atiku: Abuja burns as Atiku returns to America
Atiku Abubakar's conviction, the Guinness Company, president Buhari's economic empowerment, the Onnoghen tragedy, and others.
Akuko is important
in a meeting with Atiku Abubakar's supporters at the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, Abuja to emulate Abubakar, who traveled to the United States.
Atiku and the Nigerian Senate President Bukola Saraki took two nights to the country whereas Atiku explained, that both the government and theegoachers had a meeting.
Atiku will join in the discussion of the presidential candidates going on Saturday in Abuja.
A fire burnt in Guinness Company
The fire burnt the Guinness Company's office at Osisioma Industrial Layout, Aba, Abia state on Friday.
The fire outbreak which broke to six hours was caused by electricity workers, as well as other workers, policemen and residents of the community helped to change it.
the spokesman of Guiness, Nike Onakoya told the Igbo BBC that the fire no one was injured in it
He also stated that their wine production is still available in their various towns Benin and Ogba, Lagos Breweries.
It has nothing to do with the incident or incident that happened in Aba as a result of corruption and inability of few people.
We made a stop at many of these shops in Benini and Ogba (Legọs).
that Onnoghen's death is wanted
Femi Adesina Femi Adesina is a well known journalist before leaving the office of the president
The office of the president has said that the news that the government wants to expel the Nigerian judge Jọstis Onnoghen is a fake news
The spokesman of Muhammadu Buhari, Femi Adesina on his Facebook page stated that the 'fake news' that they accused the political party of politics (Coalition of United Political Parties(CUPP)
: Progress is on in the process of removing the nuclear bomb from Korea
US government shut down last week because the senates did not approve their budget
The American president Donald Trump has has has has said that there has been progress in the country's bid to remove the nuclear bomb from the North Korea.
He was as varied as the doctors said that if he has not taken the necessary precautions, nine would be favoured.
and Crystal Palace defeated him
In sports
for Crystal Palace in the Asompi premier league they did on Saturday.
The government will sell the property to their oppressed people
The president Muhammadu Buhari has has has has has has has has said that his administration would sell goods to the people that engage in corruption and corruption.
said this in Kaduna which is the capital of the state yesterday
He said that many of the action was because he does not want to do what he said in 1985, which was the reappearing of these children
The Nigerian Senate and the Federal High Court have begun impeachment proceedings in the Onnoghen case.
The news reaching us is saying that the Federal Government has approached the Court of Conduct to seek for the removal of Walter Onnoghen from his position as the Supreme Court of Nigeria and the chairman of the National Judicial Council.
the person they put in the case is the Nigerian lawyer Abubakar Malami
In abroad
thirty people have died in Mexico as fire outbreak burnt fuel tanker
A third person also injured in the accident in Hidalgo state in Mexico
In sports
When Lobi Stars and Heartland FC meet
, will play for Asec Mimosas of Ivory Coast today in Abidjan in their second match in CAF Champions League
and Lobi scored two goals to one in the first match of theirs with Mamolodi Sundowns in Enugu.
Listen to these episodes here
See today's video
Obasanjo: 'we want the president to remain and that is enough'
the former Nigerian Prime Minister, Olusegun Obasanjo has put a lot of things in his mind about how Nigeria is now and what he wants Nigerians to do about it.
Obasanjo
usegun Obasanjo has said that he does not think that the Inec will ever do election in the future.
If they want to do well in the election, the people in the leadership are not going to be granted them.
Obasanjo has started a music video
is expected to get more money from this government in 2019 - Obasanjo
Obasanjo stated this while addressing the newsmen in his book 'Points for concern and action' which he wrote in Abeokuta
he stated that Nigerians want now is a democratic president who has the right to think and can do for the country
Obasanjo has made Nigerians to appreciate what Buhari has done for them since he is in office.
In his words, 'With the first inquiry of us, we would have been safe if we had not taken bribe from us.'
it was in the interest of Buhari that Sanni Abacha was appointed as the president.
The news that will interest you:
'My child has died because of money that is not enough to buy it.'
Do you know Igbo very well?
day 28: Do you know the number of the 91 party in Nigeria?
# BBCNigeria2019
Atiku is going to America with a question that will be answerable to us-Lai Mohammed
usegun Obasanjo: Atiku's victory is enough for Buhari
Obasanjo told the BBC that he has checked everything Buhari had done and seen that Atiku is making it easier.
In a conversation with the Yoruba BBC, former Nigerian President Olusegun Obasanjo, about former Vice and presidential candidate in the 2019 election, Atiku Abubakar.
He said that his mouth is now open that Atiku will forgive Buhari because of what Buhari has done.
that can be seen as a member of the APC and a member of the PDP.
'From my point of view Buhari—it doesn't perform well, he is poor, inequality, blackmail, unwarranted, unwarranted, and everything that follows him are all those who voted for Atiku.
Atiku will have two more goals than Buhari.
to the Independence National Electoral Commission (INEC), he also talked about Boko Haram and the Independence National Electoral Commission (INEC).
Obasanjo explained that he believed in President Muhammadu Buhari and Atiku, which is why he raped the youths out of 73 people contesting for the presidency.
He also talked of the incident before the soldiers attacked Odi community in 1999, when up to 2500 people died in the wake of the soldiers
The meeting will take place on the 22nd of January 2019.
the doctors are not supposed to take the drug because they don't have the money to travel to the hospital.
According to Oriuiakhi, 'it is the maltreatment of the enemies of justice that has made many people to die
and four things you do not about malaria
He said that some people who are going to Kemist, take preventive drugs which are not free from the medical practitioners
This will mean that when they need the treatment, he will not be occupy of their duties.
He also said that the item was a part of healthcare.
what will happen if the vaccination is not performed as dued
Earlier, some people were advised on how to take preventive drugs.
In the last 10 years, doctors have sold these vaccination which is when it is supposed to take
: it is not OK for you that your baby is such a thing
the medical practitioner should not be infected with the virus if his health record is not properly maintained.
'Culture and Sensitivity' before giving people vaccination
The patient did not go to the hospital to undergo medical tests to be given the right prescribed doses.
The healthcare workers should be reminded of the need to know how to take care of these preventable diseases
An interesting story
has not been budgeted for the execution of the Imo state governorship election.
closure of Nigeria's capital city and what it resulted
, will it stop or stop the concomitant use of corruption when it is too much?
Nigeria Vs Ukraine: Flying Eagles have defeated to be'swiftly and efficient'
Ụmụ Nigerians insulted Tijani Mohammed as Nigeria won the match with Ukraine on Thursday.
Ademola Olajire
the Flying Eagle players were very happy in their match against Ukraine
naija and Ukraine gave themselves a one goal keeper in the U20 World Cup competition played in Nigeria and Ukraine on Thursday.
But the Nigerians are not happy as the Flying Eagles players have taken the trophy as they were about to defeat this year.
The Nigerians are angry over the performance of Tijani Mohammed of Flying Eagle as Nigeria defeats the Falcon in the African Cup of Nations.
Tijani scored a penalty, and Ukraine's goalkeeper's goal was also scored a couple of minutes before the end of the match.
and so it was that Danylo Sikan of Ukraine scored their first goal
and Tijani recovered himself after penalty kick in the 47th minute of the competition.
A lot of Nigerians showed their anger towards Tijani.
See what some said:
@10Qmedia said that Tijani Muhammed is the best among the Nigerian footballers.
@vic_MLS applauded Tijani's efforts at reducing the penarity.
@rappatek said that the former Flying Eagles coach would release Tijani at any time.
@SSnetwork said that they are not united in the fight
and Ada: I use Ndigbo language to insult the world which doesn't respect the Igbos
in America, Jane Ada an Igbo man from America has explained how he discovered many things about Igbo land.
is a well known singer and guitarist said that it is through playing with words that he has learnt to write some things which will interest the Igbos
is a secular student in Enugu before going to the United States to work said that he did not know when he started but that God gave him this gift
to which he has titled, including Amadioha and Ala, the two major cities in Igbo land
to hear from him and how he did and his promises concerning Igbo culture and values.
the news reporters: Chioma Nkemdilim and Nnamdi Agbanelo.
's World Cup 2019: Super Falcons are Super Eagles' ambassador in the football.
Some women journalists have explained the many problems of playing for Nigerian women.
The journalists in the football are also women who have said that Nigeria's Super Falcons are more experienced than their male counterparts
the fact that most of these men are not afraid of women's football in Nigeria and Africa
He went on to say that the government is not doing anything and also not investing as much in women's soccer as they would have done in male soccer despite that women are more attracted to Iko than men.
'It is unfortunate that these events did not bring the news of the various women's football competition in Nigeria.
: Nigeria hass have defeated Nigeria in front of France today.
has has defeated Super Falcons in the Women's World Cup in France
and Nigeria in the first female wedding dress competition in France
winning Nigeria with three goals to go in the women's world cup which took place in France today
The women of Norway played for a man while the Nigerian made their woman to be a woman when they got back from the mid-term they began to cry out for helplessness and nausea.
France defeated Super Falcon
Why is women' football not intereting to you?
is the first goal scored by Reiten in seventeenth minuite (17') while the second is scored in threeteenth minuite (34') from Utland
and Ohale scored the third goal in seventy-seven minutes (37').
While doing this, Nigeria now gets the edo edo certificate from Francisca Ordega and Desire Oparanozie who is the author of the book.
and won Nigeria with three goals to nothing in the last qualifying match. Nigeria lost to Nigeria with three goals when the finals were played.
, was on Saturday night that the women's world cup played in France which was played in Nigeria and 24 other countries
Nigeria won the A with those who started the competition in Auguste Delaune in France
in South Korea will meet on Wednesday evening at 2pm at the Stade des Alpes, Grenoble.
s have won three goals to save South Africa from market fire.
An interesting story
the supreme court in Abuja has opened another AIT
the AIT, Ray Power are taking over the broadcasting business.
Why is women' football not intereting to you?
Nigeria vs South Korea: Falcons have shined
The Nigerian team has scored two goals against their counterpart, South Korea.
Oshaola of Nigeria
to power as the Falcons of Nigeria gained momentum.
The first goal of Nigeria came from Korea when Kim Do-yeon scored the goal in their own rematch on 29th minutes
This was accompanied by investigations through VAR technology before enrolling the goal.
Aside Asisat Oshoala, the South Koreans showed Nigerians that they were not afraid of children in 75th minuite
and Norway have defeated Nigeria
He scored one goal for them which made Nigeria win the match
In the final, Nigeria won Norway with a unanimous victory as Norway defeated them in their first match.
Weah has visited Buhari in Abuja
The president of Liberia, George Weah, met the president Muhammadu Buhari on Thursday in Abuja
Weah came to Buhari's house
Weah and Muhammadu Buhari
The president of Liberia, George Weah, met the president Muhammadu Buhari on Thursday in Abuja
Speaking on a Twitter post, the two presidents have discussed how the two countries' relationship was as a matter of security in the economy.
Chiji Collins has been elected as the head of the Imo state house of senate.
The new Imo state parliament has elected Mr. Chiji Collins as their spokesman.
The baby, who is the representative of the Northern Region of the state, is representing the interest of the state.
He was elected without anybody's knowledge.
This was the second time he was in the house of senate as the first in 2015.
Aloomeiwu also voted for Okechukwu Onyekanma, who represents Mbaitoli of the state as his vice.
The cattle reared its head to the evil forest in Ekiti
The Ekiti community in Ekiti State is in crisis now due to the death of a single lad of a cattle rearers because he refused to give birth to him
the officer had not forgotten his name and left the girl in the road where she went to collect water and defrocked it on Tuesday.
A man has burnt a woman in his family for making love to him
A man has killed his wife because of money.
the villager Ajayi Omolagba said that the former villager was arrested and charged with murder by his family members according to Fulani law.
but the family members refused to accept her husband's offer, which led to the killing of the child.
The Ekiti state police said that this happened, that they had arrested the man through the kepukepu they had gotten.
A fire burnt shop in Port Harcourt
denied that the fire burnt in Port Harcourt Shopping Mall
the state's secretary, Tammy Danagogo told the newsmen that they will repair the shop until people start trading today, Thursday
is wanted by the village chairman in Katsina
s have killed many people in Benue and other states in Nigeria
The news reaching us is that the kidnappers have found one man in Garin Labo in Katsina state
The king was in his custody when the kidnappers threw stones at him.
In abroad
Speaking with the president, Andres Obrador, has said he would lead the presidential race in the open for his country to cross the country of America with a nuclear bomb.
, he said that he would run a public airline to ensure that his promises for the United States were fulfilled
In sports, Enyimba FC got the award of 'the best goal scorer' in African region in 2003
In sports, Enyimba has taken the trophy of Nigeria Premier league eighth with three goals to three in the defeat of Akwa United yesterday.
Enyimba scored ten goals within the five matches they played, while Reuben Bala, Stanley Dimgba and Abdulrahman Bashir scored Enyimba's goal.
Listen to these news from here
child trafficking: the police has arrested kidnappers of children in Imo state
The police in Imo state said that Immaculata Edward kidnapped and sold 5 children from a family in Ngọr Akpala, the state.
the suspects kidnapped the children
the department of 'Operation Puff Adder' of the Imo state police has arrested one of their officers who is involve in child trafficking
, on 24th April 2019, Immaculata Edward, a 31 year old woman from Okondo community of Cros Riva state asked five years ago to be given a man named Ifara Isong in Ngor Okpala in Imo state.
NAPTIP has captured those involved in child trafficking
has condemned a native doctor who is involved in child trafficking
the five girls who stole the girl's bag were the parents who asked to look after them.
The children are represented by a group of women including; Somto Eke, a six-year-old girl, Kelechi Ekeh, a five-year-old man and Kelechi Ekeh, a five-year-old woman.
Others are Chisom Ekeh, a three-year-old lady, Ebuka Enwerem, a man of three, Chioma Enwerem, a five-year-old lady and Lucky Ida, a six-year-old man.
the children that entered their families
Immaculata brought them to the aid of a prominent person in child trafficking, Perpetual Iwuji from Obokwu Ulakwo, Imo state
Perpetual took the two children among them and asked them to be rescued from Grace Nwachukwu from Aboh Mbaise and live in Mpape Abuja.
Immaculata also kidnapped two girls which are her brothers from Cross River State and sold to Ifeoma Ndubuisi from Lokpanta Abia state.
A child who was born with his parents
s police, have found out the children, who were kidnapped and put to their families.
In that investigation, 5 children were rescued from Perpetual Iwuji and send them to the school where they are being educated.
the suspects in the case include Perpetual Iwuji, Isong Ifara, Immaculata Edward, Grace Nwachukwu, Ifeoma Ndubuisi and Stephen Ezenwa
and the child trafficking is not a thing that is known about in the Eastern part of Nigeria.
The news that will interest you:
and nothing like that of Igbo president - Okorocha
A woman who gave birth as a child, will not give birth as a child?
Rochas Okorocha has taken okorocha's position as Nigerian senate president
AFCON 2019: Usos of Competition and Results.
the competition will begin on the 21st of June in Ijipt
the African cup of nations
Inec Server Inec Server Inec Server: 'We have resolved all the card reader usage across all over the network'
Inec said that the names of the 2019 voters were on their knee.
s Okoye and Emeka Unachukwu
Inec chairman, Festus Okoye, is still asserting that the company has no 'Server' that allows them to prepare the 2019 election.
that Nigeria's law did not give them the opportunity to act.
The judgement of Garba has taken the lead in condemning Atiku and Buhari
The court has said that 2019 budget will be announced.
In his words, 'Nigeria's mandate to produce all the results of the elections based on the principle of EC8A in order to be held in their official office.'
In Nigeria's Constitution, the elections are not supposed to produce any result.
The COLlation Officers are supposed to be on their duty to carry out the reports on the location.
He had never interfered in the postponement of the election.
s that the 2019 elections were carried out on all the electronic platforms, and that every party had all these names.
Incident Form will stop the spread of fake news in the election
He said that 'only when kolanut is used to vowel sounds, it will be difficult to hear from the ground.'
He said that he does not know about the 2019 elections being held at any level.
In the same way, did the BBC interview the popular Emeka Unachukwu, what is'server'?
Unachukwu said that 'Server' is a two-tier competition involving other competitionants to create various positions'
He said that Inec may say that they have no server because it has other offices and they are being infected with them but it is not true that they have no server where their information is kept.
He said that Intanet has its own'server' where many people can process their messages.
Unachukwu said that INEC would not believe that they are clueless because they have their own environment and data are sacred.
'They can call it a data base but what it is is is savage because the data base is shared to other competitons which can tweet or tweet it'
He said that the Inec's new tenant had 'no server'.
They are calling on people to take their PVCs ready for election.
Unachukwu said that if a voter is registered and his name is mentioned, that Inec will also give him a'server'
and they can say that they have not looked at the 2019 prediction filed on the'server' which shows that they have not completed their jobs.
An interesting story
the way to prevent malaria from entering your newborn
has the Igbos really interfered in Nigeria's governance?
paying of two months salary in the last 10 months is not enough - Abia teachers
See our video
World Blood Donor Day 2019: People are being asked what they thought about giving blood
As today is about giving blood, the Igbo BBC asked people what they know about giving blood
Today, blood donation is being organized in English called 'World Blood Donor Day 2019'
The BBC Igbo asked people what they got and also types of sacrifices they were making for him
Listen to them.
and Dementia: How to use chocolate and vegetables to dismissbrain problems
The tips here are to help you decide on how to use the right food that will make your day easier and energy-efficient.
Ingredients and vegetables were also added to the menu.
the most delicious foods that will give you the most life and health.
is there any food that can help you fight against indigestion?
thirty- five billion people around the world are affected by this deadly disease which is caused by overdose and over taking care of, in addition to billions of people being infected with this disease annually (WHO).
in reality, but there hasn't been any evidence that the winner has joined in the running of the prize money, but there hasn't been any information on its author.
'Red wine', kolanut, and Chọkọlet and Champagne' have been popular as a delicacy for anytime of the year.
But, was there really that much truth in these issues?
The following is what Sheila Dillon, the BBC reporter observed when she interviewed the experts on the matter.
As you can see, these foods are providing for the good of your week:
to eat from the water
is a high-carbohydrate, low-carbohydrate and also rich inmega fatty Acids.
to eat nutritious food in the morning or evening usually enhances the healthiness of the body.
'vine' and other items in it
Were a palm wine bottle to welcome a visitor to your in-flight.
Ingredients such as; strawberries and blueberries have a major influence on the preparation of the child's day.
is the difference between money and currency
the various jabs and chopsticks in giving power and coordination on Sundays.
the 30mg of various oils, yam, cocoyam, cocoyam, cocoyam, cocoyam, cocoyam, cocoyam, cocoyam, cocoyam, cocoyam, cocoyam, cocoyam, cocoyam, cocoyam, and cocoyam will be in it.
the number of cases
The percentage increase in blood pressure and interest on doctors' visits.
Speaking on a plate of vegetables and fruits, the person understood what he was saying.
The importance of this supplementary poll is as follows:
: he has been arrested
the number of cases of people with a history of mental health challenges entailed by Vịtamis B improved with the effectiveness of the drugs.
'Have you ever taken bribe of water?
'Let's face the old adage of Olmec-Mexico for showing the world the kokom of water.
has been very good for transportation and distribution of goods and services.
But remember to wash your hands regularly with soap as well as hand sanitizers.
Ubebekee
'You can get Ubebekee from anywhere in the world.
s that influence the overtake of English in the world is because it ishelping everybody for a good day.
Ugbua have you seen?
Ingredients for these foods should not be overlooked and there are also other options you can use to change from what you have been meaninglessly in your life.
And remember, these foods are not only for your holiday, they also help the body which will make it easier for you to eat!
The article is an introduction to the 'Diet and Dementia' programme, developed by the BBC's The Food Programme.
: I will try and not be taking Iko AFCON
The Super Eagles' coach has said that it is their defeat that will make them come to the AFCON 2019.
and Mikel Obi
s Member of the Nigeria Football Federation - Mikel Obi
the Super Eagles team of Nigeria will travel to Ijipt for the 2019 African Cup of Nations have said that it did not risk winning because it had played well and kept the AFCON spirit in its
it is six years of Mikel Obi's defeat to the African Cup of Nations.
's victory was when Nigeria won South Africa with 9 goals.
will not be competing in Poland
is not Mikel Obi
has been abandoned to the kidnappers
the last time Mikel scored a goal in Africa was in 2006 and 2010 when the Super Eagles played the finals
In this AFCON season, Mikel will lead the young girls who are bright in the African cup of nations this year in Ijipt
'Despite the Eagles' current form of leadership not being the best in the African cup of nations, this competition will give them the opportunity to show their true identity by winning by Samuel (chukwueze) and Paul (Onuachu).
I hope that we will all beptu and tụye down.'
Super Eagles members
it was in his mind that the Super Eagles have continued to develop despite their defeat in the Iko Mba Uwa competition.
Speaking that the match will be tough but believes that the support of the Super Eagles will help them win the match.
and Mikel Obi became the Nigerian footballer of the first in 2005 when Super Eagles met Libyan club
has said that his victory will be remembered in the Super Eagles uniform
He said; 'any more than one can hope for it to be true.'
and U20 world cup: South Korea has is doing well in the U20 world cup
defeated South Korea with three goals to one and became the best in the world of youths.
and Ukraine vs South Korea
the Ukraine club have scored three goals to one in defeat of South Korea who lifted the world cup for the first time in 20 years in Poland today, Saturday
This lead was followed by South Korea's players who scored penaritial goals in his early days at the end of the match 5th minute when Lee Kang-in scored them with 5 goals.
and Flying Eagles have taken the trophy.
A club of Nigeria has defeated in the AFCON U20 World Cup
and Ukraine told South Korea that they did not fear in thewa when Vladyslav Supriaga scored him a goal in threeteenth minuite
s side in the final fifty-three minutes when he scored his second goal in South Korea
The Koreas also called me several times but Ukraine told them that it was not long before my child had been shot dead after a three-minute silence by Giorgi Tsitaishvili in about eighty-nine minutes.
has defeated South Korea
The world should not forget South Korea when it was injured in the final stage.
This is the first time Ukraine is challenging the world as England has defeated it two years ago
An interesting story
what I came to do during and not come to AFCON'- Mikel Obi
Gravity has dealt with Chimaroke again 'I want justice for all' — a woman who does not want violence.
They want to make them happy.
the Igbo titled women wear beautiful clothes.
the Igbo titled women are looking for husbands
and whatever a man does to her, the Igbo woman will support her.
They always want to contribute to the project, they do not want to put too much money
that whatever a woman decides to do, she will do well.
The news that will interest you: Nigerian government has sent helicopter in search of Dapchi children.
INEC agrees with card reader.
that has led to the death of the president
: Amụmaigwe has killed the church
Dapchi children: there is war between Buhari and Jonathan
The fire has burnt in the between Buhari and Jonathan for the release of Dapchi students to the northeast Nigeria.
, he went to visit some of the troubled towns in Nigeria including Taraba, Plateau, Benue before he went to Yobe.
the former president, Goodluck Jonathan is looking into the children's kidnap.
He said this yesterday when he made a condolence visit in Dapchi community of Yobe state, where the children were kidnapped last month.
He condemned the leadership of Jonathan on the disrespect of the Chibok students when they were kidnapped in 2014, and said that it is unthinkable
Some of these students were choosen by the parents
and this Buhari's speech has's got different interpretations from a lot of people.
The spokesman of 'Bring Back Our Girls' group, Sesugh Akume has said that the president has tried
Akume said, 'We are not disappointed, this is the fourth year of Chibok children's kidnap, now it is in Dapchi as Buhari's administration is doing the same thing that Jonathan did in his time
It's been one month of the children's kidnap, but now the government is going to be there.
spite of all the claims they made that they were baffling the children of Dapchi.
the president told the parents of the children of Dapchi that he will release the kidnapped children
the special assistant to Jonathan Reno Omokiri said that Yusuf Buhari has more trouble than the children of Dapchi
He said that in the time of the kidnap of Chibok children, Jonathan called the security council, where Buhari canceled the security meeting of the children during the kidnap of Dapchi
He also stated that in the time of Yusuf Buhari, there was a chance that Buhari lost all of his life, and took his child to the hospital
The news that will interest you:
Dapchi's parents went to Abuja with their children
Another person that said his opinion is FemiFani-Koyede with his tweet;
the spokesman to Jonathan Reuben Abati said his own statement on twitter;
the rest of Nigerians said the same thing in tweets;
is it a curse that will stop in Igbo land?
A new born baby, born with artificial milk, given birth to in the early hours of the morning, will be transported to his mother. That is what is called a doctor's intervention.
The new born and his mother
Ọmụgwọ is an Igbo cultural practice that has been going on for the past
Speaking Igbo language is when the mother comes to welcome her daughter and child (which is her child).
In some cases, if a woman does not have no mother (it is likely that her mother has died), her father or her step-father will be in her house and pay her money.
the five things that interest women
'women' have been arrested in the newly-appointed manner
the value of a woman is not the kitchen
the reason why she became a bride and a man, is because he is so delighted that she is the most delighted woman in the world because she has gone from the dead to the wearer.
The holiday period is the time of the mother preparing her child for all of what she knows about and for newborns to be born.
to some extent, she is now the mother of a child and her husband is now living his own diet.
A woman who gave birth to a new baby uses the rightful opportunity and her mother is supervising her baby.
what a mother is doing during child birth
A mother will give her child a woman's bag of shoes that will make her look attractive
the food that will make it easier for her to eat.
appoint a fire service commissioner in the nearest town, and prepare a fire hazard for him (robb, aboniki)
The mother of a new born baby, feeds her and feeds her that baby
it will also marry the new born baby, and put it in good shape
It will ensure that his baby is in the freed from the virus, which will make the bloodyness of the virus
it will make it harsh for it to be harsh today and harsh before it is effective
The mother of the baby should be consoled for having him and himself been in that position for the first time
He would also oversee other functions in the house such as dọns and feeding the family.
the price of medicine
Ọmụgwọ is a time when a mother, her child and her newborn share the same relationship called 'bonding'. For this reason, many mothers go to wherever their child is born, at home or in the overseas, to stay together for atleast three months or more.
it will teach her daughter what the girl's baggage is made of, or apron or apron.
is supposed to contain ten ounces of fish and meat.
The woman who is receiving treatment has a variety of foods. some are meant to eliminate cancer in the body while others to prevent it from returning to the body. these foods are either tubers and soups.
is the most nutritious kind of food in the world
, Avoid drying with water
of salad
The water stunk
Tii is very expensive
food in abroad
Axis of the road
An interesting story
is said to have been
the entrance of the church
The entrance of the market
and any food that will get better nutrient
It is said that global poverty reduces the risk of having other diseases like cholera
the tenure of a bride is not to be fulfilled in the payment of the minimum wage.
The destructive influence of kolanut
's fear, excitement, and agony over the filling stations used for fuel production.
Ahuekere
and any food that has abụba (a woman does not have it because she is not blessed with it and will bear it in life or in the field)
The news that will interest you:
, does the price of a bride's dress matter to you today?
has a woman been circumcised as a man?
the five things that interest women
What is your motive for conviction?
The total number of cases reported by the medical practitioner
Ọmụgwọ gw, the mother who came for the money will have something that is important.
The visitors will find it worthy with items such as clothes, shoes, jewelries, jewelries, necklaces and other items, and eventually they will get there.
it will be bought in the market and sold to the traders when it is cleared where it will be sold.
Ozubulu women have given birth to twins
The news said that Ozubulu's women were arrested when they went to the court in Amawbia to appeal a summon.
A gun man with a gun had attacked St. Phillips's' members in the past week
The women of Ozubulu who live in Ekwusigo and Anambra state went to the Amawbia police station to demand a response.
They did this to condemn the judgement among the people who think they were attacking the church in their town on the 6th of this year.
They said that the people threatened their lives and it is also because of this they are looking for lawyers who will prosecute them against those who attacked them in court.
They carried a large placard with the words 'we want justice done' and 'we want the discharge of the police in court'.
Speaking about Ozubulu's fire
the police spokesman of Anambra Nkiruka Nwode told the Igbo BBC that women need to be well-mannered in their communities
Nwode said that the women were asking the police to make sure they are prepared to go to court for their injuries.
The Anambra state police commissioner in police Garba Baba Umaru gave the women support, saying they would go ahead.
u told the women that 'when it is that I am here, there is nothing you can do for me, I will make sure you got justice done'.
What happened to Ozubulu
the gunmen went to St. Phillips of Catholic church and shot people while in the church
the attack affected 11 persons in August 6, 2017
The news stated that it was a dispute between two people living in South Africa that brought this to light
This led the policemen of Nigeria and Saut Africa to conduct an investigation of the matter.
The accused persons who were arrested were: Onyebuchi Mbanefo, 46, Chukwudi Ugwu, 30 and Great Chinedu Akpunonu, 44
The statement is still in court where the prosecution witnesses appear each and every day.
The news that will interest you:
A stockbroker fired in front of Timbershade market
the price of medicine in Igbo culture
has killed two Nigerian soldiers on Plateau
I'm being punished by people because I'm not even displaced.'
In Igbo land, for instance, it is not up to 30 years that the python has not been producing fruit, harvests and other problems.
is a woman who is going for a wedding.
A maltreatment has been perpetrated against unmarried couples.
Nkiru (we did not choose her name as we promised) was up to thirty-five years working as a receptionist in their facility in Lagos but she died.
Nkiru told the BBC journalist his position was plagued by insults, intimidation, maltreatment, and emotional hurts from his family and friends.
the last time I went home, our househelps told me that I had to get to the house but it turned out that no man was helping me.
she also complained that her uncle (her father has died) does not give her and her uncle a woman because they have not yet been married.
Listen to Nkiru's words:
The rest of our houses said I must go and buy another house if I don't get married.
In Igbo land, adoption is something that is heavily ritualized
As the National Demographic and Health Survey (NDS) conducted in 2013 showed, in Nigeria, women who were 15 to 19 years old were scored by 28.2 percent, while those who were 35 to 39 years were scored by 89.4.
the price of medicine in Igbo culture
and will it stop in Igbo land?
This implies that giving birth to a child is the highest form of blessings in Nigeria
But if a woman has given birth to twins but not yet married, especially in the Eastern Nigeria, her husband is being examined, and some of the things they have produced in life.
is it due to the stomach?
As sociologists have explained, what causes the harm or disaster for women is a psychological and social issue and there is no real solution.
In his words, Dr Adedeji Oyenuga who is a soil scientist at the Lagos State University, explained that it is amenaala and that in some cases, the parents are not mindful of their child as a result of their overdose.
It comes from the culture. There are times when a child is critical of his parents, but when a child is critical of himself, a man is expected to give birth to a woman, and a man expects to give birth to a child. If he does not fight against her, even if he is a woman, his parents will always see him as they have been around for him.
Dr Nkechi Emma-Echiegu who is a lecturer at Ebonyi State University also stated that it is amenaala
In Igbo land, it is a grievous question; in Igbo land, it is a calculated answer.
He went on to say that it is a shame that men are being abused or killed for not having love.
Listen to his speech in detail:
the cause of death at any time:
Dr Adedeji Oyenuga said that the victim was a woman who had been forcefully stopped schooling and may have been sexually harassed as men began to groom her.
s that a woman who gives birth to twins, she also gives birth to twins. She also stated that male chauvinism is more common than female marriage which makes it easier for her to marry someone that gives birth to her
The destructive influence of violence has not disappeared
According to Oyenuga, rape is posessing a series of unpleasant symptoms such as fever, coughing, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, general body weakness, coughing, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, muscle and chest pains.
Echiegu said that it could cause various disasters including loss of thought, depression, heart heat, coughing, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea and muscle and chest pains.
They said that having this knowledge will help to stop the spread of fake news that leads to the arrest of a woman who has not yet been seen as a deceased.
In Oklahoma, a woman will be kidnapped for impregnating her child
has been jailed by a woman of two years for impregnating her daughter in a bid to have her daughter killed in America.
. Ann Spann and her child, Mrs Dawn Spann
A woman who kidnapped her son
, a fifty-four years old and his six-year-old daughter, Misty Velvet Dawn Spann, aged six and eight, has been married and has had affairs with men.
'This woman was given her children when they were together in 2014
They lùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnùnù
The investigators found that Patricia Ann Spann lost her child when she was nineteen years old, while the boy was nineteen years old when they were married in 2010.
The news that will interest you:
The former catholic priest has replied
The rest of our houses said I must go and buy another house if I don't get married.
Dangote's son has been schooled in Kanọ
It was the health department that investigations into the woman's and her child's where they visited their houses.
According to the newspaper, Misty Spann lost her relationship with her mother in October last year after a disagreement with her mother.
, Misty Spann said that her mother accepted to have told her as if she was 'drilled by three lawyers who couldn't give her advice and her life was on the line'.
is of the opinion that their relationship was inadvertent because she did not register her name on the school paper as a mother-of-two where they met each other two years before they engaged in sex.
and misty Spann admits that he breached the law against blood disease. He was given 10 years for research and studying and aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka aka
the mother Patricia will put the certificate of office in eight years from the date given to her. also put the name of her in a book as a person when she gets home.
In the state of Oklahoma, people can drink water whenever they have and they have no relationship with each other.
Ingredients for Igbo food: what you don't know about breadfruit you eat
Ụkwa is a type of food that doesn't exist in Igbo land, it is also one that is well known in Igbo land.
The level of impunity in Nigeria is astronomical.
'He was left to reease before putting his foot in the sand earlier.'
A lot of Igbos know how to produce Igbo dresses when they do not know how to produce them.
Ụkwa has a ring that produces beautiful jabs of English called 'breadfruit'. The ring while the ring opens for the entrance of the book, while the ring closes for the outside of the book.
Speaking further, he said that from his oscillating head to his coming to the floor, he has to lie before speaking and produce the type of speech he preaches. So the Igbos believed that 'truth is blind when it is blind'.
Earlier, it will be through with different roads such as:
The main thing she wants to do is to buy some clothes
He's name
But also to see him in action.
The chopsticks used to prepare it.
The level of impunity in Nigeria is astronomical.
is also eaten with animal faeces.
and some even add salt, pepper and other spices
Some tie wrapper on their waists while some tie wrapper on their waists.
s include sacrifices
and some even tie wrapper on their waists
thirty-three more time
How to prepare it
the following things you will do before getting married:
to ensure a smooth flow of words or concise pronouns.
embezzling it with a pot of water and adding it to it will help it stand
Some even add salt or pepper to make it delicious and delicious.
it will also reduce the liquidity in it, put it in a bowl, add oil, fish and meat
'Have it with the foods added to it and stirring it together
Aside her and left her husband to stay in the fire for a while.
s are one type of food that you will eat if you add or don't add any vegetables
How to prepare it
in some cases like Urualla in Imo state, they do not drink water that is not compatible with their means. They drink water that is contaminated with urine and faeces.
and some don't put oil in their bodies, while some leave water in their bodies because they feel it is too much.
Aghea also has a thickener, a thickener or a bowl of beans.
A lot of people are wearing shirts and skirts.
How to protect your house
The announcement was made in the wake of his death before he was handed over to the elderly for whom he was sold to travel to the overseas.
Speaking before you take the plum out of it, put it in hot water from morning to night. This will make it easier for it to drink and will last longer when you will drink it.
the things he gives to the people
The findings of soil scientists showed that thekwatail contains many positive nutrients, such as riboflavin, iron, niacin, thiamin, iron and fosforụs. It also has potass, coral, iron, magnia, zinc, manganeezi, selenich, and fosforụs and vitamin C.
It is good for a heartbreaking obituary. Some use it as a precursor for their dastardly written aggitation about the roots of tiger bones called dandruff, usually without tactfulness.
there is a small abbreviation in English which includes saturated fats, kpomo starch and soil as well.
s are different as some are eating it as well as some are drinking it as well.
and other things that you don't know
the oil in some parts of the body is being injected to give it strength (favour)
A palm tree worn by him in English called flour
and oil is also produced.
The news that will interest you:
it was in Enugwu that Fayose visited that place
We will put the government in court- ICSC
the price of medicine in Igbo culture
Anwụl and oke isi have chained people
The victim of the bush fire, a medical doctor said, said the type of the place produces different types of diseases.
While they are destroying markets.
is where the evil forests are destroyed and the great forests are destroyed.
Inspectors from Ikosi, Isheri or Ketu in Lagos state are drinking poison from government-run Olososun dumpsite in Ojoto.
Enugu state has this they have on the old path from Enugu to Port Harcourt.
'At the entry of these people's residence complex in Lagos, some of the residents have disappeared because of money.
In Lagos, a report said that one child died of cardiac arrest while the rest was unable because the body had not been properly utilised.
For this, the Lagos governor Akinwunmi Ambode has opened a market where animals are sold.
The government and the community are always working in harmlessness for the good of the species.
is saying something that people are saying
But the level of impunity is still high as people are already suffering.
The Igbo BBC called a man named Samuel Osaze and was there on phone.
He said that the way people see it is very irritating.
This is coming as the government is working there always. yesterday when I was about to cross the road to my house, a big truck rammed into every corner of the market.
In 2013 the Lagos State Waste Management Agency LAWMA said that the Lagos State waste is up to tonnes of three hundred and forty-three
A medical doctor, Dr Ikechukwu Mgbolu said that the death of a patient from various diseases such as cholera, diabetes, Taifọd, malaria and lasa fiva.
He also stated that people with ash disease(asthma) are not likely to live in such a way here.
, 'This woman was contracting disease called 'upper respiratory infection' at home because of the continuous increase of the bacteria in the body.'
, Osaze said that the theme of this year's edition was between March and October for the sake of the season being a rainy season.
in Lagos are destroying forest reserves whenever there is a fire in Lagos
's said, 'There are no sacred cows in the forest where bush fires are now destroyed because they know that such acts are harmful.
the government should installing the said inverterator in the country to cool the market
and Governor Ambode has said that he will not put any waste in any other place for the various diseases he is suffering
It is in their interest to lead other states in talking of what they will do to address the disparity in the local markets.
The news that will interest you:
the reason for canceling Rwanda's travel
The banks are still shaming Nigerians?
to kill someone in America
The Uber carries a woman in the city of Tempe in Arizona, in America

the Uber company has consoled the woman whose leg had been injured
is a company that makes cars on its own has said that they have sent out a woman who is 49 years old to climb a road in Tempe in Arizona.
According to the report, the crash forced the Uber company to stop the driver's movement as soon as they started.
the manager of Uber, Dara Khosrowshahi on Twitter said that the death was 'hugely heartbreaking'.
We wonder whether the family affected and we are working with the kolanuts to understand what happened.
Aside Uber's impact, it will also affect the efforts of the manufacturers to develop a self-sustaining vehicle for humanitarian operations.
The news that will interest you:
We will put the government in court- ICSC
The banks are still shaming Nigerians?
will rule Russia will rule again for another six years
'If they put it in a currency, it will make the money that is being put in education in Nigeria cheaper.'
in recent years, Nigeria has been plagued by financial crisis as its economy slumped because of the high cost of oil in the world.
It is this situation that, as Uwaleke has said, it will not allow Nigeria to take part in the IMF fund-funded programme.
Uwaleke said that if Nigeria is now wealthy, that he would have to pay the minimum wage in overseas because he would be rich.
The news that will interest you:
and what benefits Nigeria is deriving from CHOGM?
The Nigerians did not attend meeting in America
The police has shutdown Dino Melaye's house
World Cancer Day: How I got cancer treatment-Closer who defeated Kansa
Orji is an Igbo who won and is well known, she says that wherever she wins, the next contest will be against her.
is a global disease that is feared for how it kills people
A lot of people who are in need of treatment are already taking the drug but there has not been any evidence that it is the drug.
, Kansa's 2019 theme for the year is 'You have it, you have it' which means that we are all entitled to attack Kansa.
and Miss Gloria, who discovered cancer in her breast in 2010, was tested positive and told what other things to fight against her.
In his words, 'Kansa is not a death sentence', now, he is adding that the issue of women who are breast cancer patients is totally jittery.
He told the Igbo BBC how he was affected by the disease.
s trial of Bill Cosby on the allegation of bride invasion
is up to thirty-three for female rape
Bill Cosby
is well known as a lawyer
s court has decided that Bill Cosby is innocent on three counts as a sexual predator.
is the former player of basketbọọl who is praying for Cosby as of 2004
Nnamdi Kanu's lawyer the day he was brought to book.
The court has mandated Innoson to be arrested
to be 80 years old, but thebia can put it to 30 years
This is the second time Cosby is contesting in court about women's rape.
is a popular person with the video called 'The Cosby Show'.
A lot of women are still accusing Cosby of raping but Cosby said that they are all false.
The news that will interest you:
MasSOB - Ebere Buhari for no reason
See the variety of foods produced from cassava root.
Codeine, tribal marks
Codeine, discordbum' is a story of how hard it is to take up positions and run away from the Nigerian youths according to a report by BBC.
Codeine, discordbum' is a story of how hard it is to take care of well-wishers in Nigeria.
The BBC reporters conducted an in-depth investigation on how drug dealers, users and drug dealers abused children in a manner that breached Nigerian law.
Codeine corruption: Emzor has sacked workers
Emzor Pharmaceuticals have mocked one of their officer for 'having mee, Codeine Ọtọmegbu' which BBC did.
A man and a woman's bag of drugs are on the counter.
the news stated that some politicians take the youths for money as a gift
The Nigerianpharmaceutical industry, Emzor Pharmaceuticals, has sacked one person, and suspended two more jobs because of the injection given to the codeine patients, in a violation of the law, such as a report by the BBC which showed that the drug is Haram for the Nigerian youths.
emzor fired one of their staff who resurrected a BBC journalist, Emzolyn salis.
They said this in social media when BBC released their video on the 30th of Marchi.
In that video, as well as some of the medical personnel, including a medical personnel, were treated by Emzor.
to the crowds who came to view the video posted on social media in Lagos yesterday.
One person said that it is the politicians who are putting oil in the fire in Kano as he said that they are giving the youths this as a gift.
But the Emzor company has denied that they are getting treatment in the wrong way
They also said that they had stopped selling Emzolyn with Codeine till they will investigate on the allegation that they were selling the drugs in wrong way
emzor suspended their business and later took the job from him.
Emzor Pharmaceuticals is a company that respects himself and his class.
The drug dealers have more than twenty-one licenses to sell more than one hundred and twenty-two Codeine, including one Emzolyn Codeine from NAFDAC.
They went on to say: Emzolyn Codeine will be suspended till further investigations will be carried out.'
In an interview with the BBC and the Director-General of the National Institute of Hospital and Labor (pharmaceuticals) in Nigeria and the Eastern Region, J.C Okafor, he said that there is a law that forbids the use of pharmaceutical drugs containing codeine, and that any company that is suspected to have misused it without due process, will be sued.
Okafor said, 'We have a plan on how to use codeine in Nigeria which is why people can't take it without consulting a doctor.
'any company that violates that law, we are amending it.'
the young Nigerians in the midst of the market are blaming Emzor for their inability to take advantage of the cheapest drug in the country.
A staff member of the company said: If the BBC does not correct the mistake, your company will not do anything to stop the drug abuse among the youths?
is it that the workers do not know what they are doing?
Another person, Mairo Mandara, called for government to ban the use of codeine.
Codeine: NAFDAC has shutdown four offices and prevented drug trafficking
NAFDAC said that they will endeavour to shutdown all the drug producing agencies in Nigeria
NAFDAC's office
and every time NAFDAC attacks apharmaceutical industry in Nigeria, drug production is being attacked.
, the Nigerian Food and Drugs Agency named NAFDAC in short form attacked four drug producing industry in Lagos, Ilorin and Kano.
The attack,following the BBC investigation which showed how people with codeine were affected.
NAFDAC said that the attacks which took place, showed that the agencies were producing more codeine than the ala-based allowances granted to them to produce goods.
Mmachi Codeine: Dextromethorphan will be there?
the government has banned codeine
Codeine corruption: Emzor has sacked workers
The wife of the president has cried bitterly about codeine
the NAFDAC chairman, Mojisola Adeyeye, told journalists that now, they are investigating on the behaviour of the four BBC workers in their show.
In his words: 'we have arrested many codeine in the medical industry in Ilorin
the Bioraj Pharmaceuticals company said that they have suspended their relationship with Junaid Hassan, Emzor also said they had sacked their former colleague, Chukwunonye Madubuike from work.
and two of them appeared on BBC video as doping and selling codeine.
But the workers joined in discussing that goverment should pay more than the government should pay for the workers' harassment rather than investigating them.
The news that will interest you:
thirty journalists are dismissed from work
The court has refused to release Dino Melaye till June 11
is travelling to US to lockdown Nigeria
the Nigerian president Muhammadu Buhari has the American ambassador to Nigeria was said to return to London.
u Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu Buhariu
and Trump discussed about fighting against terrorists
The Nigerian president, Muhammadu Buhari has gone on a journey in America to bring President Donald Trump to Nigeria.
Ụgbọelu is to be sited at the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, Abuja at exactly 10h00 on the morning.
Some government workers went to collect it.
Speaking to the president's spokesman Femi Adesina told the journalists that the vehicle had to get to ground.
the president Buhari will travel to America
See what Buhari and Trump discussed
the four ways Buhari has defeated Trump
to Washington DC on Tuesday after he and Trump had a meeting in London.
Speaking to the president's spokesman on media, Garba Shehu, said the suspension was because of the aeroplane's poor piloting skills, noting that it was because of the poor piloting skills of the president who had embarked on planning the trip.
He also said that Buhari had a light-year-old son-in-law that refused to give birth to traveller, prompting him to a British citizen.
Shehu said that the suspension was forcing the oil to be changed in its engine and tested before it will be used to Nigeria.
He said that he has no reason to be disappointed because the president has ruled Nigeria for decades.
and see what people are saying on soshal media:
The news that will interest you:
the only indication that Buhari has done is to show that he has done well
NAFDAC has shutdown four pharmaceutical industry for codeine
Do you know that killing someone that wants to die is a bad thing in Nigeria?
the president has travelled to London again for healthcare
The president Muhammadu Buhari is going to see his doctor who told him about his visit and treatment.
s
it was not a day of Buhari's travelling to America where he and Donald Trump have meeting
the president Muhammadu Buhari will today travel to London where he is receiving treatment for his illness.
The letter of the president's secretary Garba Shehu wrote that the president would be four days in travel.
He said that when the president went to London for climate change and oil change in his aeroplane when he was from the United States, he met with his doctor.
is travelling to US to lockdown Nigeria
will travel to UK today
What is the reason for Buhari's coming to Lagos?
He said that his doctor told him to come back when the president promised him that he would come.
the president will return on Saturday night twenty-three of the month
Shehu said that if he returns, he would travel to Jigawa state, the trip pre-election campaign for APC delegates
The transport will commence from Monday through May 15 this month.
Recall that the president is receiving treatment in London but he does not give Nigeria any information on the matter.
The news that will interest you:
s: up to 2131 women are HIV positive
thirty persons have been found dead in Gwaska
'The Igbos will not fight another fight'
's codeine: NAFDAC has shutdown 3 pharmaceutical industry
nafdac has shutdown Bioraj, Peace and Emzor for the distribution of codeine in poor way
Codeine, tribal marks
A lot of young people are suffering from different types of diseases as well as difficulty in taking proper care of their bodies.
The food processing industry in the Nafdac has shut down three hospitals; Bioraj Pharmaceutical Limited, Emzor Pharmaceuticals Ind.
s Ltd and Peace Standard Pharmaceutical Limited are the two companies that have collaborated in the production of codeine in the legal process.
the BBC brought out a report on their findings which suggested that both the two agencies had failed to take proper care of the two-storey building which was now listed as a public health facility and only for a short period, given to the youths.
Codeine, tribal marks
Codeine corruption: Emzor has sacked workers
the government has banned codeine
In the letter of the president which was signed by my colleague Mojisola Adeyeye, the mmechi followed their arrest as they entered the office.
pending the absence of adequate evidence and efforts to prove our case on the 2nd of May, in their offices in Orlu and Lagos, it is necessary that the three-million-strong industrial hubs – Peace Standard Pharmaceutical Limited ; Bioraj Pharmaceutical Limited and Emzor Pharmaceuticals Ltd.
This is to enable decisive and comprehensive investigation.
nafdac is investigating the outcome of the BBC interview on the drug