The news that will interest you:
Joseph Achuzie, Daughter of Biafra
Dapchi: the government has not defeated Boko Haram-Massob
Tottenham is looking for FA Cup victory in Rochadale's victory
Son Heung-min, Fernando Llorente and Kyle Walter-Peters of Tottenham were the suspenders of Rochadale in yesterday's match.
Son Heung-min of Tottenham and his team heard when he scored a goal in the FA cup.
Tottenham has won the FA cup seven times
In sports, Tottenham team scored six goals against Rochadale in the FA cup.
The victory means that Tottenham and Swansea will play the Quarter Final of the FA match that will be held on 17th March.
Son Heung-min scored the first and fifth. Fernando Llorente scored three goals in the second half, while Kyle Walter-Peters scored three goals in the second half, while Kyle Walter-Peters scored the
Son Heung-min stops Rochadale football
What will happen forward?
Tottenham will go to Wembley stadium on three days of March. They will play against Huddersfield in Premier League, before they will play against Juventus.
Rochdale football team has 16 matches to defeat themselves before they go to relegation in league one.
Their first match will be at Plymouth in three days in March.
The news that will interest you:
Guardiola has become his first cup in England
Champions League: Neymar has returned
Police Commander: Build cattles before banning them
The commissioner of police has urged Governors to develop cattle farming places before banning cattle farming in their state.
Ibrahim Idris
The commissioner of police Ibrahim Idris has said that the state should be the place for cattle training before they ban from cattle removal.
The commander of police said this yesterday in Kaduna at a community security meeting in Kaduna saying it would help solve issues among workers.
He went on to say that the problem in Benue was because the state government had not built a cattle before they banned the farming of cattle.
In the seminar with the theme, 'Community Development: Security Crisis and the need to find a sufficient way to stop it,' the crisis between agricultural professionals and agricultural professionals
In my opinion, to reduce the conflict between farmers and farmers, the state government will try to build a cattle training centre in the state.
The news that will interest you:
Goods have fired in Alaba International
For Achuzia, we will ensure that Biafra is finished.
In Imo state, the animal farm has many animal farms
The zoo of animals in Imo state has different types of animals.
Different animals are in their houses in Imo state.
These animals were also built in perfect houses so that they can live well.
Timothy's son of George Weah has started competing in PSG
Timothy Weah has gone to PSG where his father George Weah was a good musician from 1992 to 1995.
Timothy Weah
Timothy Weah will do well as his father as people think?
The Liberian president George Weah known as Timothy Weah has started playing for the PSG club, where his father played first.
Timothy appeared in the ring yesterday as PSG and Troyes played a match.
As Neymar and Kylian Mbappe were not injured because they were injured, Angel di Maria and Christopher Nkunku were the PSG goalkeepers who scored the victory in the competition.
Neymar and Mbappe without him are part of Weah's opportunity to play in this competition.
George Weah scored 55 goals during playing in PSG
Timothy's father, George Weah, played for PSG before in 23 years, before joining AC Milan.
PSG has 10 matches ahead of the competition, of which they should win 17 points if they will take place in the French League this year.
They will meet against Real Madrid on Tuesday in their second Champions League match. In the first round, Real Madrid defeated them with 3-1.
Their singer Neymar will not play any competition in this season because he injured.
The news that will interest you:
Nigerian government has sent aircraft to search Dapchi children
A man has killed his children in Awada
The song of Fulani cattle ruling has attacked many
Charly Boy has said that she wants special youths for ruling Nigeria
Charles Oputa who is known as 'Charly Boy' expressed his anger about the Nigerian government process.
A well known as the king of youths in Nigeria, Charly Boy said she is not happy about the condition of Nigeria
When the Igbo BBC interviewed him, he asked 'Why did he become the wrong people ruling Nigeria?
Charly Boy said that she is looking for special youths that will support for the position of Nigerian government.
'I am happy since thirty-five years ago that the rescue of Nigeria will be for the special youths,' Charly Boy said.
Oscars 2018: Kobe Bryant is among the winners
American basketball player, Kobe Bryant has been among the winners of this video.
Kobe Bryant, a well known American player
Special Victory- Kobe Bryant has defeated.
Instead of why Kobe Bryant is a well known American basketball player has won the Oscars contest.
This award was awarded for the periodical video.
See other awards at the Oscars held this morning.
The winners:
The Shape of Water won the award of 'Best picture.'
Frances McDormand Won 'Best Actress' For Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
Winner of this award is Gary Oldman for Darkest Hour
Guillermo Del Toro won the Best Director for The Shape of Water
Get Out by Jordan Peele won 'Best Original Screenplay'
Oscars 2018: what the actors saw in the building
The best Hollywood awards has happened
See pictures of what people wear from the red carpet
Danai Gurira who directed Black Panther and Walking Dead showed something serious in her head
The 90th Academy Awards presentation as Oscars 90th edition held on night where people showed their authorities.
See the actors who are coming to this event.
Daniel Kaluuya
Daniel Kaluuya the British actress who directed Get Out is among the nominated for winning Oscar awards
Lupita Nyong'o
Lupita Nyong'o won Oscars in 2012 for her movie titled 12 Years a Slave
Jennifer Lawrence
Jennifer Lawrence's uniform of the Hunger Games is like a golden Oscar jersey
Andara Day
Andara Day, an American reading and musician, stays on red carpet, said people came to see his uniform.
Oscars 2018: How it goes
Black Panther is very popular
Africa was shown during the Black Panther ceremony
Black Panther: How do you be in this movie?
Tom Holland
Tom Holland who directed Spider Man's movie in a good uniform came to nominate the winner who won the award at the ceremony.
Chadwick Boseman
Chadwick Boseman who is the king of Wakanda in the film Black Panther in the movie Black Panther wearing Givenchy uniform comes to Oscars
Ashley Judd
Ashley Judd who participated in Time's Up show was wearing a black dress on red carpet
Adam Rippon
Adam Rippon who played figure skating called figure skating made people apprehended him while wearing a jersey uniform and made him looking like an international player.
Salman Hayek
Halman Sayek wears a white dress
Darrell Britt-Gibson
Photographers have walked as Darrell Britt-Gibson did Three Billboards movie started on red carpet
Whoopi Goldberg
Whoopi Goldberg's dress looks like a dragon on her body
Patrick Stewart
Sir Patrick Stewart made the X-men movie wearing Time's Up in his uniform as he gave photos to the public
Sally Hawkins
Sally Hawkins, a British actress, was among the nominated for winning The Shape of Water she directed for her movie The Shape of Water she directed.
Saoirse Roman
Saoirse Roman made Lady Bird in pink on the red carpet Oscars 10 years later before her first appearance in 2008 when she was a 13-year-old child.
Meryl Streep
Meryl Streep has been named for winning 21 Oscars awards since she started acting
Margot Robbie
Margot Robbie made Tonya's movie beautiful in her wedding dress
Tiffany Haddish
Tiffany Haddish congratulates the African women's rights which were known as Eritrean and Ethiopian women
All these pictures are copyrighted.
What other African countries do make Nigeria better in film
It is coming to the most popular in the world film called Oscars, where African regions are showing Nigeria.
Oscar awards
2018 made him 90 years of Oscars in Hollywood
After the Oscars which was the most popular in the world film ceremony of 2018, Igbo BBC investigated and saw Nigeria better than other African countries were better than Nigeria better than Nigeria
Oscars 2018: Between Africa and Nigeria
BBC noted that even though some Nigerian film producers are putting some Hollywood actresses into their films, it hasn't happened to be part of the films.
Nollywood is the producer of films in Nigeria and other African countries are part of its names, and other African countries have shown them much of their popularity.
Lupita Nyong'o a Kenyan residing in America won the award of 'best actress woman' in 2013
In few years ago, Nigeria was seen as a 'dike' in film in Africa, but now it is like others have passed them.
While Nollywood itself is the top third in the world film produces more than 1000 films in a year, Hollywood produces up to 1000 films in a year.
But if it comes into Africa, Kenya and South Africa are showing Nigeria much when it concerns academic awards and Oscar awards.
Head in South Africa
What I am targeting is the security and the country's economy
How the senators put Nigeria's funds
See who is involved in the senatorial trafficking
Nigerian youths have criticized Buhari for calling them 'witnesses'
Nigerian youths do not agree with Buhari's statement at CHOGM that they are disappointed.
Muhammadu Buhari
Nigerians are saying that President Muhammadu Buhari has taken them to overseas for some times.
People are still participating in the case of the 'insecurity' the Nigerian president called youths.
When Buhari visited London for the Commonwealth government meeting called CHOGM, he said that Nigerian youths are expensive.
His statement did not appreciate many Nigerians, which caused them to show their anger on social media.
Three words Buhari 'left Nigeria from'
Buhari's speech is angry for youths
The president will not forgive Nigerians
The spokesman of Buhari, Femi Adesina, said that Nigerians did not understand what he said.
Adesina's statement did not stop people to say what they are in their mind
LazyNigerianYouths is popular
Many of them continued to demonstrate their efforts, and saying that they are not experts despite that Nigeria's economy is not good.
One white person contributed to this issue.
Some said how they bought themselves in school through their efforts.
Some said that they would not join Buhari in 2019
A person who used the words shows the person who has experience still uses it
Who will be the new Commonwealth president?
Commonwealth leaders are meeting to find out if the mother of Wales will represent her mother as the head of the department.
Ezenwaanyi Elizabeth
The English queen wants her son Charles to represent her in the position
Commonwealth leaders are meeting to discuss if the Wales Mother will represent his mother as the chairman of the 53 United Nations.
It was on Thursday when the British Queen decided that her son Charles would rule the group called CHOGM in Buckingham Palace.
She said that it was her interest to run CHOGM one day.
But the position is not what the woman is giving to her child if she dies.
It is expected that the Commonwealth leadership will decide who will rule them if they meet at Windsor Castle but nothing has been shown that the decision will be declared in Windsor Castle.
Is it nobody capable of ruling Commonwealth?
BBC reporter James Landale said that the position has been conducted among the leaders of Commonwealth.
But, South African President Cyril Ramaphosa has shot his mouth at a meeting in London to know the cause of the attack in his country.
The attack is happening in South Africa where protesters are saying to give them jobs, residences and injuries.
What is the job of the Commonwealth president?
The position of the British Queen in it is important.
The department represents fifty-three countries to ensure that the Commonwealth identity is implemented.
This includes the uniting of these countries through trade and international relationships.
An interesting story
Chimamanda said that there was a person who attacked him
The president will not forgive Nigerians
Nigerian youths have worried Buhari
The president of the group who are visiting with the whole countries is in the organization, to strengthen the agreement.
It is the leadership of the group that are deciding who will become their leader.
Prime Minister Theresa May and Prime Minister of Canada Justin Trudeau have supported Priest Charles to become the president
What is CHOGM?
CHOGM is the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting in English.
It is a meeting of the leaders of the Commonwealth Union, which is held every two years.
Those who are doing it are leaders and Presidents of fifty-three nations and their families, speakers and journalists.
The year's meeting held in London, whereas the last in 2015 was in Valletta in Malta
The money invested in Imo will not come to us-Speech of Rochas
Imo state government is saying that the tax plan is not completed by them, but they will support it.
Rochas Okorocha and the Ogoni King, King Godwin Gininwa
Rochas Okorocha's leadership will commence in 2019
According to the news that Imo state government has explained that all youths ready to work their work to pay three thousand naira, Imo state government has explained that they will pay three thousan
Ebere Iwuji the spokesman of the governor on public media told BBC Igbo on phone that the bill would be paid one time.
He also said that the fund would be used to support different projects that communities in Imo state are doing.
Although the report says it is six million naira to one community, Nzewuji said that there is no name of any money called, because the residents of the community now live in the middle of the communi
Nzewuji said 'The money will not come to the face of the Imo state government, it is owned by the Community Government Council (CGC).
Nzewuji further said that Imo state government would use 100 million naira to support every community who borrowed the bill, to ensure that it would be used to build communities in the country.
I think anyone who wants progress will need to support it, especially when they are involved in the development of the country,' Nzewuji said.
Nzewuji went on to explain that no king of any country has been removed from medicine for this issue.
Listen to his explanation here
Other stories that will interest you:
Why Nigerians give one road to 10 roads
The president will not forgive Nigerians
The best news today: Buhari is the father of Nigeria
What are the parties that will forgive the demolition of APC?
The 2019 election has been threatened as some unionist parties are trying to remove APC from office in 2019.
Olusegun Obasanjo
Olusegun Obasanjo reinstated office in 1999
Many parties in the government position called APC and stakeholders in Nigeria are trying to remove the government from the APC.
Reports say that many parties might begin to unite in the next week to start uniting in the upcoming election.
Those included in the party include the following parties: Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), some leaders of All Progressives Congress (APC), Social Democratic Pati, the Nigerian Peoples Congress (NPC)
As well as the Coalition for Nigeria Movement (CNM) that killed the Nigerian president, Olusegun Obasanjo.
Obasanjo's union has begun
The 2019 election: Keyamo is Buhari's spokesman
Buhari: I will contest in 2019
APC took office in 2015
The arrested Nigerian president in Nigeria, military leaders have returned to relationship including Military General T.Y Danjuma who is supporting the protest.
In the opinion of a party, this would not look like a revolution that led to the APC.
We do not send the INEC change number.
This new party will give everyone the opportunity to declare his opinion.'
Up to 14 senators and governors are supporting the parliament.
PDP ruled Nigeria for sixty years before APC ruled them
On the other hand, PDP party is investigating if they will change their party.
The president of the party, Uche Secondus said that he is still testing the idea.
But people are saying that rather than changing name, the PDP party produced different ways that will solve Nigeria's land and remove APC from office.
The news that will interest you:
What to pay N3000 naira in Imo
Treatment receivers have been arrested by health workers
Nigerian youths have worried Buhari
Death Attacks Father's Church 'Mission'
Attackers attacked Catholic Church in Uke Anambra state injured many people and destroyed 30 vehicles.
Youths are dead
Kidnapping is a cultural ceremony known as Igbos
The protestants of the ceremony, 'Road Iyi' in Uke in Idemili North Local Government Anambra State attacked a Catholic Church in Uke in Idemili North Local Government Area in Anambra State.
The chairman of the church, Father Emmanuel Obimma, who was known as 'Spiritual Ceremony' and other priests, and other priests were involved in the campaign.
The priest assistant Francis Okoye told the BBC reporter on phone that the dead members attacked the place of the meeting at about 5pm.
Aguleri and Igboukwu were not the beginning of the Igbos
A man has killed his children in Awada
After the event, we read the dead vehicle that they died and read three.
They injured many people.
There are many people who were taken to the hospital.
We have not known whether he is alive or died.
He expected that the Uke youths did supportingly supporting violence against the church because, in the 'Uzo', the death is stopped and the sixtieth of the afternoon.
They started bringing vehicle drivers to people who came to meeting, sending them their money and their phones.
Death destroyed many vehicles in the meeting
Our security officers tried to stop destroying them but when we saw that something was going on, we called on the police.
They came to arrest some of them.
The Anambra state police said that the death attacked the churches in Uke but they said that nobody died
The spokesman of the police in the state Nkiru Nwode told the BBC that 'We arrested three dead and we are investigating what happened there.'
The report said that this is not the first time youths of the community are attacking participants of the special Catholic meeting held on Friday night.
Those who were at the incident said that the youths of the community are probleming with drivers and churches that take them money and save something.
Eventually, they took the worker of Father Obimma which made the commission condemned the policemen who arrested the youths and released during the arrest.
There was allegations that youths are violently abusing people who are attacking people.
The news that will interest you:
Up to 888 children can die in high blood
Benue: The kidnappers have killed 20 people
What are the parties that will forgive the demolition of APC?
Ezeife: The Igbos will ask Buhari again
Ezeife and some leaders have said that told the Igbos to support Buhari to get their position in 2023 is a false issue.
Chukwuemeka Ezeife and some Igbo youths
Chukwuemeka Ezeife, an Igbo-Ukwu former governor of Anambra State is one of the representatives of the Igbos in Nigeria
Those in Igbo land have said that Igbo youths will refuse to support President Buhari in the 2019 election as they did in 2015.
They warned the Igbos to know that if they support President Buhari to enter the next governorship in 2019 that the presidency would be elected.
In general, many APC members included, the Minister of Transportation Rotimi Amaechi, the Federal Secretary of Transportation Boss Mustafa and also the Federal Chairman of the APC.
Give the Igbo president 2019 - Balarabe Musa
Igbos are killed as those who won in war.
But some Igbo people said that the statement was false to get the Igbo votes, saying that people like Buhari blamed the Igbo for the election.
In an interview with the Sun, the former governor of Anambra State Dr Chukwuemeka Ezeife said: 'It is not seen how it can be done.
I do not think we should be asking people for the position of president.
My thought is that we will go to ask God, who knows that if an Igbo takes the position as president, heart will be better for the Fulani, the Yoruba and the Yoruba people.
Speaking for 2023 is not wrong, everyone who says it is to destroy the Igbos.
In the same way, the former leader of Ohanaeze Ndigbo, Dozie Ikedife, said that the Igbos who have promised to get the position of president do not mean anything in the country.
He told the Sun newspaper saying: 'The Igbos have been promised to such promises in the past, and our people have been disappointed.
If someone has threatened you twice or three, it comes to the fourth, you prevent the idea of doing.
The power of this land has killed humanity.
Ikedife went on to say : 'My importance is how to follow law and dialogue to get Biafra without fight or defeat anyone.'
Remember that in 2015, many Igbos did not address Buhari the election card which made him not give 95 per cent supporters among those who gave support.
The news that will interest you:
Death Attacks Catholic Church In Anambra
Up to eighty-eight children can die in high blood
Benue: The kidnappers have killed 20 people
A man has attacked a restaurant in America
Police are searching for a man who attacked restaurants and killed four people while four others were injured
The house was the place where the incident happened
Police found guns to attack this restaurant
The gunmen said that a man has killed four people in a restaurant in Nashville in the United States.
The man went into the restaurant at eight of the morning in Antioch and started shooting people.
Four others were injured before another person was eating where another person was shot down with a gun and she was shot down.
The police have given the name of the man as Travis Reinking who is from Illinois where they are searching for him.
An interesting story
Death Attacks Catholic Church In Anambra
Up to 888 children can die in high blood
Benue: The kidnappers have killed 20 people
Soyinka: Look at the water in 2019
Wole Soyinka
The Nobel awarder, Wole Soyinka has said that true government has been taken away in Nigeria
Wole Soyinka warns Nigerians to take care of Nigeria
Wole Soyinka another well known author has warned Nigerians to watch water that water will not allow politicians to fight for politicians.
Soyinka, who said this on Sunday at the ceremony of the deceased lawyer, Gani Fawehinmi which held in Lagos, said that there was not an important lawyer, Gani Fawehinmi who held in Lagos said that th
He said that those who put Nigeria in the problems it is now through their plans, have been ready to be rescued as rescues as the coming elections, and they are ready to be rescued as rescues as the
Buhari and the leaders of APC have had discussion
Wole Soyinka: Collaborate yourselves so that you are strong
He said: 'He is not alleged that the democratic government is in problem.
It is not just a democratic government, our country is in problem.
I don't think there is a time in every life in the world, especially in this country where everything is such a time.
We all know this.
Is the question if we are seeing it as a restorative opportunity to continue to do the things that happened in our land and continue to do the things that happened in our land?
It is not a new history the need to do what will come to Nigeria.
It is understandable that those who are the democratic administrators who have installed the plan that led to us in our condition today are those who have taken us to our condition today are those wh
Soyinka further urged Nigerians to watch water to flood.
The news that will interest you:
Death Attacks Catholic Church In Anambra
Up to 888 children can die in high blood
Benue: The kidnappers have killed 20 people
It reminded me that when the thing is talked about restoring Nigeria, one or two mean those who have their leaders.
People are being told to arrest them because those who are suspected to arrest them because they are participants in the democratic condition of Nigeria in the democratic condition.
Why did Nigerians not hold a terrorist meeting in America?
Nigerian government has apologized for what happened in the meeting of those who wanted to invest in Nigeria with ministers in America.
Yemi Osibanjo in Abuja
Yemi Osibanjo is among the names in the book organised by the meeting.
Many representatives of the Nigerian government expected that they were in a meeting organized by the Nigerian Commission in the United States.
The uncoming of the government's not coming made people hopeful that Nigeria would not access to investment from overseas.
Those who should go there include the vice president Yemi Osinbajo, the minister of finance Kemi Adeosun, the minister of finance Ibe Kwachu.
The death of wine has increased money
Switzerland has accepted to refund the Abacha money
One of the persons of the action by the government is the Emir of Kano Sanusi Lamido, who has worked as a bank manager in Nigeria.
What Sanusi said
Sanusi said that the supporter of investment in Africa, he has Nigeria, has Gana, he has Gana, he has Rwanda, Kenya and South Africa'.
He went on to say, 'Nigeria is better than all others in trafficking, but he might say if he will put 500 dollars into Nigeria, let me put 500 dollars into Nigeria.
We went to meet with the investors that are investing in the country to meet, we should start at nineth, we should start at 10pm.
When I arrived there, they called me to the Nigerian representative house.
Those who attended the meeting were there, no vice president, no minister, Sanusi said.
Sanusi said that the incident is not good, because it shows that Nigeria has not been supported for his speech.
He said, 'You called people to come and hear how trafficking is taken in Nigeria, but you did not come.
It is not how to get those who will invest in Nigeria.
If it is the Rwandans organized the meeting, their president Kagame will stay there and tell people to come to Rwanda.
People also participated in the matter on social media.
The user @SegunAndrews agreed on what Sanusi said.
But, the government has said that they were not how they were going.
Lai Mohammed the minister of public information sent a message explaining that it is not true that those who should go to the meeting would not go.
Mohammed explains that the named ministers at the event did not get the documents to come to him, or were in Washington DC during the meeting.
He said that the Ministers of Agriculture, of Electricity and Finance did not get a bid because their names are in the books that will speak about the government.
Minister of Corruption joined the president to attend Commonwealth leadership meeting in London.
The minister of finance is in Washington DC, but it is for the world bank meeting with the IMF.
He went on to say that the Minister for Information and Culture got a certificate, but he refused to answer him and told the organizers of the conference that he would not continue to continue for th
Lai Mohammed said that 'These factors show that the Ministers are not supposed to go to the meeting.
It is not possible for the Igbo to die
Ikeogu Oke won N100 million dollars as the best writer in Nigeria in 2017.
The winner who won as the best writer in Nigeria in 2017 Ikeogu Oke has said that Igbo language will not die if the Igbos are living
Ikeogu won N100 million dollars as the best writer in Nigeria known as the best writer in Nigeria known as the Nigerian Prize of Literature for his book titled 'The Hero'.
The difference made the book different is that it was written in Igbo language.
In his interview with the Igbo BBC, Mr Oke said concerning the security of Igbo language, and who he thought it should be in his own.
The federal government has declared what to do with Abacha
Kemi Adeosun the minister of finance has said what the federal government will use Abacha money in Nigeria
Kemi Adeosun and Christine Lagarde are chairmans of the IMF
Nigerian government has supported the use of over three million dollars of Abacha received by Swiss government will do.
Minister of Finance Kemi Adeosun has said that the money would be used to buy the migrants as President Buhari agreed on promises while presiding for the presidential election.
He said this while talking to journalists at the global financial meeting IMF that held in Washington in the United States.
Adeosun also said that the money has been invested in a special bank called the CBN in order to begin developing strategies that will help the poor poor people.
The death of wine has increased money
Senators have called on the chairman of the bank
In his message, he said that the federal government hopes that they hope that they create their own plan, which will be good for Nigeria.
In his words, 'We put these programmes into development, Nigeria's economy will increase'.
What does Nigeria benefit from CHOGM?
Igbo boy has defeated Big Brother Naija
Did Nigerians not have a meeting in America?
Three factors to have a lot of financial change causes
IMF urged Nigeria to collect its exchange rate in one, while experts are concerned that having many.
Naira
EFCC said that Umar wants millions of naira
In order to strengthen Nigeria's exchange rate, the IMF has urged Nigeria to unite its exchange rates.
Nigeria has at least five exchanges; one for the importers of fuel importers in Nigeria, one for Muslims travelling to Saudi Arabia.
According to economists Pat Utomi and Uche Uwaleke explained to the BBC journalist, having a lot of financial changes is difficult.
See some factors of having many money changes
It causes injuries
Pat Utomi explained that he explained that 'Anyone who knows a person has the opportunity to buy money in the market and take it to buy it, but he has the money to bring to what he will do.
It is not good for business progress.'
Where salad money will come
Currency change: Has dollar changed on naira?
In his words, Uche Uwaleke gave a proposal, 'As the government's revenue rate is N305, and a person with that price, he might leave what was said.
It is firing the fire of empowerment and production in the country.
Uwaleke said that having many financial changes makes many of them difficult.
Just what they will do is buying quality money, they will not be producing.
It is affecting the increase of the country's economy
Utomi said that 'if people make exchange money from land to transfer their children to school for school, it will make everyone free to school.
Saraki and Ekweremadu: what people are saying about prevention
Ekweremadu 'forgives his economy'
The peace of Nigeria has been put to another Ekweremadu
If the senate senators are 109, if 108 people are in Ekweremmadu's house, it means that all are in his house.
Remember that the senate house decided today to security officers return to the senate president, Ike Ekweremadu, where they attacked today.
Ekweremadu was prevented from appearing from his house yesterday, making him failing to come to the senate meeting today, where up to 14 senators left APC.
Uche Anichukwu the spokesman of Ekweremadu, told the Igbo BBC that the EFCC banned him from leaving his house in Abuja, and not the DSS as we earlier wrote.
@MrBanksOmishore, the special assistant of Bukola Saraki, wrote the letter that the EFCC sent to Ekweremadu this morning, on Twitter.
In the letter, the EFCC said that they wanted to investigate Ekweremadu for corruption, corruption of his position to him and the exposure of the English money launder.
After Saraki entered the house and started plenary, he confirmed that Ekweremdu did not come, and said that there should be ensured that his democratic government is sustained.
Senator Sam Anyanwu said that he was with Ekweremadu yesterday, but not got a document showing that the police was seeking him.
After the plenary, the senators decided that the security officers should leave the house of senate president, Ike Ekweremadu immediately, so that he could be able to benefit from the senate presiden
This morning, Saraki was among those who prevented leaving his true home.
On the other hand, the Nigerian President Muhammadu Buhari thanked those who came from APC today for he gave them well.
He said this through his Twitter handle @MBuhari:
The EFCC bans Ekweremadu's road in Abuja
The video shows where the EFCC decorated the front of Ekweremadu's house:
Those killed and killed Catholic priests have been convicted of death
The federal court has convicted those who killed and killed Father John Adeyi by suicide
The court has ordered to arrest victims
The high court in Makurdi, Benue state has decided to kill two people, Hartuna Idi and Suleiman Gina who are among the killers of killing and killing Friday.
Remember that four kidnappers including Saidu Abdullahi and Aliyu Garba killed Father Adeyi, a Vice-Jeneral of the Catholic Church in Otukpo Dayosis, Benue state, when he was arrested.
What I took to the kidnappers
Mikel Obi's father has been released from another kidnappers
But the police eventually arrested the four, they said that they received one million naira as his money but they shot him
One of them stated that it was he who killed him, while two members were accused of death today being Wednesday.
In the message sent to the family to the Daily Post, they showed confidence that finally, justice had approached them.
But they wondered that the decision reminded them of the killing of Adeyi, who was a professor.
The senators have met Ekweremadu
Saraki and Ekweremadu: what people are saying about prevention
APC is paying their governorship wage-Expert
Is there a spirit to live with a child whose mother comes to the world?
What Igbo culture said about mother in the olden days and also the objectives are part of it now.
In the olden days, the Igbos believed that the leaders of the mother can do science
The new children's dress in every home brings great delight to everyone.
But there are some places in Igbo land where a new born child can cause fear.
The people are like Igbuzo(Ibusa) in Delta state, where children are seen as different.
Who is the head of daughter?
Some reports explained that the new born child was because her mother asked a God to give her child.
Will you kill the same type of kidnapped during the olden days?
Do you know the children of the Igbos in the olden days?
They believe that the mother's mother is the signature of the Spirit to the child who will use to know him.
They are calling these children 'Ezenwa'.
They believe that their mother is their clothes.
According to them, the believed child will be a good child to do good in the world because her husband is strong on her part, they are good and also that they are good.
But there are many problems are among the mothers.
It is difficult to maintain mother's head well
Nso participated in the mother's birthday
Many of these people, believe that a child whose mother will suffer serious disease or death if the body is involved in his body.
It is the ability to contribute to the head of the mother.
Anyone who does this act should give the child money immediately and should give the child money immediately.
Only this ceremony will stop the child from suffering from big disease.
It is only the mother of the child that can affect the number of the baby.
Religious ceremony
The news said that it was the doctors who were kidnapping the baby by the doctors.
Now, popular people in the movie and also many people use their mother's hand.
The child who has been thirty, will become a speaker.
Her family will ask her what she wants to have her husband's daughter.
Everything he wants in that day will be given to him.
Christian sacrifice
All Igbo lands are where the prophesy of the Christian Church.
This has made many Igbo cultures change.
Now, many Igbo people do not believe that the evil soul lives in making every child becoming the head of the world.
But they were still calling that kidnapped the boy to the church as the priests prayed him.
Dr Anthony Mgbolu told the Igbo BBC that the mother comes from the family.
What Igbo culture explains about mothers
A professor of African and language at the University of Lagos Chiagozie Nnabuihe explained the Igbo BBC that the Igbo land in the olden days had no belief.
Nnabuihe stressed that if the Igbos in the olden days had believed in their father they should give him name.
In her words: 'Mother is the name given to her.
The Igbos who care for daughters are so that they have had a relationship with Yoruba.
But is the head of mother really wrong?
Nnamdi Daniels is a movie actress
Many of our interviewed people said that there is nothing wrong in the mother but in reality, many people are still looking at those who have their daughters.
Nnamdi Daniels a man who is the head of mother told BBC Igbo that he has forgiven their accusations and accusations against her daughter.
In his words: 'I remember one time I travelled to the university of Niger State.
The security officer started interviewing me and angry about my daughter's father. This brought me a lot of trouble.'
Government has shutdown over two million Codiene drugs
The Ministry of Health has arrested over two million codien fighters and currently looking into others.
Codiene drug
Youths are drinking very much codian music
The federal government has said that they have disqualified over two million codiene drugs in the market in Nigeria.
Minister of Health, Professor Isaac Adewole said this when his office's committee on looking at Codiene's issues came to show him his investigations.
He also said this is in order to show that the government strengthened their aim to ban codiene fighting in Nigeria.
Mmachi Codeine: Drugs have been priced
Nafdac has stopped Emzor's ban on others
Adewole said that his office with the National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control in English were working with the National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control.
Remember in May this year, BBC released a video showing the importance of codiene drugs in Nigeria
It is when the video means that the government said that they will prevent diseases and drug use.
Government is saying that they are still looking into other medical drugs that are my death.
An interesting story
2019 Election: See some Igbo youths who want to contest for presidency
Why do Igbos go to these churches?
Why Igbos expulsion people from evil farm
The wrong market is where the Igbos make land but is it corruption that they are killing those they enter the market?
The people of death
Igbo prays different spirits
Why did Igbo call evil farmers evil farmers?
Do you know that evil farming has still been in Igbo land?
What is the evil farm?
A professor of African and language at the University of Lagos, Chiagozie Nnabuihe explained the Igbo BBC that Igbos took this place a spirit of spirit, which is a spirit of spirit.
As the Igbos are believing, the spirit park is where they live in the land.
There is also a place where they are exposed to everyone the land.
In Igbo land God is the most important, but spirit is under him the land.
Nnabuihe explained that the Igbo land believes that the land is the spirit that creates all things in the world.
Is there a spirit to live with a child whose mother comes to the world?
Will you kill the same type of kidnapped during the olden days?
The land is still weak (weak weak weak weak weak weak weak weak weak weak weak weak weak weak weak weak weak weak weak weak weak weak weak weak weak weak weak weak weak weak weak
Igbo believes that the land, sees everything, this means that there is no weakness you can take away from it.
The wrong market still is in Igbo land until now
The land will kill this person fairly.
See the disease that costs those who cause it
Ekpenta (Leprosy)
The next year
Response (Dropsy)
Hernia
Nnabuihe explained that at that time, there was no doctor who could try to treat these diseases we called.
Anyone with this disease should express his wrongful effects before death.
If he does not respond to his weakness, they will leave him to mind.
Do you know the children of the Igbos in the olden days?
Things you should not do at an Igbo person
Other things such as competition with a husband or another wife, or birth of another wife, can make the land more difficult for the person.
Human expulsion is not worse
According to Nnabuihe, the expulsion of this person was due to the security of his children and family.
Christmas is the best in Igbo land
Igbos in the olden days believe that everyone who accepts this person has accepted the anger of the land in his family.
Where is the spirit rich in Igbo land now
The importance of Mbaise in Imo state
Fire fire in Okija
The beginning of the land
Ihiala
Arusi Okija
Igbo culture is dead
Nnabuihe said that this is the worst thing that is happening now in Igbo land
He said: 'Various cultures in Igbo land are dead because Christianity came to Igbo, people have affected many of these spirits, nobody has been affected by these spirits, nobody has been affected by
An interesting story
This woman is seen on Twitter for what she said
New politicians look at social media
Ahmed Musa: Al Nasr group has received it today
It has been recently heard that Musa might go to Al Nasr but now, it has been declared.
Ahmed Musa
One people thought he will join a strong football club is Ahmed Musa.
But now, Musa has defeated in the recent world cup from Leicester City to Al Nasr of Saudi Arabia.
It has not been known what money they bought it from Leicester City but it is reportedly reported that it was worth 70 million pounds.
Do you know women are working with the Super Eagles?
Super Eagles are like the new woman who wants to marry
World Cup 2018: Why Nigerians thanked Ahmed Musa
Leicester City first sold him from CSKA Moscow in 2016 but he returned there during the last 2017 year.
After the world cup, people thought he would go to Galatasaray because the supporters of the club called him very much.
The video above shows how her new group said her'stay' and welcomed her in their group.
As it is now, Ahmed Musa has not said anything about the issue.
Babatunde Fashola says Nigeria is in chaos with electricity
If what Babatunde Fashola said about the production of electricity is true, it will be a great thing to the economists in Nigeria.
Animal flour
Many Nigerians are condemning for unemployment fire
Minister for Electricity, Service and Home Babatunde Fashola said that the electricity produced in Nigeria has increased to seven megawatts.
Fashola said this in Kalaba, the capital of Kros River state yesterday.
Electricity will not go well until 2023 - Electricity workers
PHCN should give you three months before they shut down-lawyer
Fashola was in Kalaba where the head of services in his department meeting.
He said that despite the project was like fire, his department has increased the status of electricity in Nigeria more than it was since they started working in 2009.
Fashola said the three departments united in Buhari's government
Three years ago, the news is that the production of electricity is a great problem we have in Nigeria.
Then, the firefighters said that they do not have anything they will give to Nigerians.
Then, we were giving 2,690 megawatts to Nigerians, but the news has changed.
What we have now is 5,222 megawat, which is the highest since Nigeria came.
Now, the production is 7000 megawatt, and also 7000.
The problems are still problems, but we will say that we are continuing.
The news that will interest you:
'Give your baby a chance to breastfeed'
The Igbos are contesting for king in Kano
Four money exchangers have been killed in Port Harcourt
The ways you can use to make your children happy during breakfast
Either with money or not, see what you can do with your children during this long week.
Students and Oprah Winfrey
The time has come again when students have a special relaxation time because it is long.
Some parents have promised how to take their children to school called 'Summer Lesson' but it is not all children
If you are not among those who will call their children 'Summer Lesson', see what you could do for them.
Women want government to pay them wages
Arrested 4 out of 12 children who were kidnapped in Thailand
Buhari: Fight against child abuse
Teach them how to play water
Water drinking is a way your children will transform the body and learn to flee themselves when they leave themselves in the water.
It will also make them more easy to treat them well so that they can eat well and eat well.
Stop calling them today.
Teach them kolanut and other ways.
Teach them how to play
Igbo know you!
Does he have more timely music than timely music?
The nation!
Will we teach our children?
Eeeeeeee
Tell them the olden history
Do you know when the bomb was killed in Igbo land?
Do you know the name of the first man who released himself?
You can know this and teach your children.
One way you can do this is to take them to a popular show in Igbo land.
Assistant
Call them to a place where they will learn education.
This will help them learn about jobs that could give them food for future if they do not get jobs during the university.
One Group
On the other hand, if you are a traditional interested culturer, this long season is when you can put them in oil or one bar in the country.
This will make them good knowledge, knowledge and thoughts about Igbo culture and where it is.
The news that will interest you:
'Give your baby a chance to breastfeed'
Why Igbos emigrate people in the wilderness
A woman kills herself, while blood led to another killer takes Tramadol
The professors have said that it was a lot of corruption that led to many things that have been done in Nigeria.
Edgal Imohimi
The commissioner of police in Lagos state Edgal Imohimi said that they have reduced the power of the group in Ikorodu.
Police arrest a woman who killed herself to receive N15m in Ogun state
Again, the resident was arrested where he went to kill a person and fever caught him after taking tramadol.
But specialists in human activities who are psychologists in English say that this kind of condolence is much corruption and evil friendship is the reason.
Mikel Obi's father has been released from another kidnappers
Femi Joseph and his gang attacked a market to kill his owner but Joseph found tramadol from the market.
The suspects explained that when they arrived the owner of the market, the drug owner was shocked and went from the house's driveway.
According to a spokesman of the Ondo state police said, But as they did not get what they want, one of them began to discuss because of tramadol.
He was arrested for 24 hours after he was arrested.
Tramadol was also found in his cap.
On the other hand, a woman named Hadijat Kabir and two other people including one man and another woman including one man and another woman committed sexual attacks and suspects.
The commissioner of police in Lagos state Imohimi Edgal, said that it was her complaint that made them start investigation to find out if her wife and the people were involved.
A professor of human behaviour and lecturer at Ebonyi State University, Nnachi Amos said, that it is not the key cause of this type of clothing but 'wrong'.
Some are wrongful conversations by having evil eyes.
His father at the Federal Neuro-Pychiatric Hospital in Yaba, Lagos, Chinyere Okonkwo believes in what Amos said.
They should have too much.
If you look, kolanut production is not a simple job.
Corruption and wrongfulness are more.
The news that will interest you:
Ozubulu Church Massacre: one year has passed
Can a man and a woman be friends?
Things you should not do at an Igbo person
A heavy kidnapper has died after nine days
The police in Ondo state have said that the kidnapper does not kill anyone he came to kill because he died.
The person who suffers fever
The BBC doctor interviewed said that the kidnapper should get treatment
The Ondo police spokesman Femi Joseph has told the journalists that a heavy drug drug dead has died according to News agency of Nigeria.
Remember that she has been fever since the police arrested her on August 5 where the drugs are being sold.
Joseph said that the kidnapper died in a hospital in the state where English doctors were trying to treat him
A kidnapper should get treatment - English doctor
Evans' lawyer has removed his case
What affects their musicians?
In his words, 'This investigator died after nine days we arrested him.
We thought we would treat him so that he could help us in our investigations, but she died yesterday.'
This could come from the drugs he takes.
We use this opportunity to urge parents to know their types of friends.'
The news said that the kidnapper went to kill the drug seller but the kidnapper fled away.
He and his team later took one person, Daudu Wale's tuber, where he went to buy drugs where one of them was injured.
The news that will interest you:
What will you tell Nnamdi Kanu if you meet him on the way?
A new baby was dead in Onitsha today
Buhari and Osinbajo will meet in 2019?
Five services you can begin with N10,000
His statement strengthened several questions in the speakers in Nigeria as well as the federal government.
Another story is the story of an Igbo woman called Mama Boko Haram.
Aisha Wakil told Igbo BBC how she sold the children that were members of Boko Haram today
A well known priest in Nigeria gives birth to three babies after 18 years ago, gave the Igbo and all Nigerians
Abaribe's words about kidnappers became popular in 2018
World cup also interested Igbos.
World Cup: The true 'way' has said that Super Eagles will go to the last qualifying qualifying
Another part of it is the news of 140 Ipob women in Owere.
The women are in court today.
Our women do not violate any law- Ipob lawyer
The women of IPOB have been released in Owere
Flood has been serious in Igbo land in 2018
Their report strengthened the discussion about IVF.
Five women from Regina Pacis School in Onitsha also welcomed the Igbo when they won the Technovation 2018 competition by being the best in the world.
The news that will interest you:
Three king festivals will start on January 1 - Nigerian military
Green Revolution: what Shagari made from Nigerians
How to stop attacks in events
Second Niger Bridge as a promise given to a woman
Igbo Tradition: Why marriage is used in ceremony in Igbo land
Sometimes as people are asking why women are used in ceremony in some parts of Igbo land, this news was explained.
Man and woman join
Igbo does not accept marriage of a man and a woman without marriage
There are often news about some young or young people who love themselves, and agreed to collaborate as a wife and couple.
Some accidents are also observed in some cases of accidents in this situation, especially a woman staying in the house of the man without any marriage programme.
Women's character in Igbo land
Five things that interest women
Will tax stop in Igbo land?
However, this puts more families into different families.
Because of this wrong situation, some countries in Igbo land, made it law that a man must marry with her wife in celebration, which he does not do when he is dead.
Why marriage is used in ceremony:
In Igbo land, it is not acceptable that a man has married a woman if he has not fulfilled something on his behalf.
If he did that in court, it is expected that he would come to do something as the children wanted.
According to a cultural specialist Nze Olueze Ukaejuoha (Second Duruagwu) in Umuakara, Isu in Nwangele of Imo state told the Igbo BBC, the law that has been implemented by the Igbo BBC, the law that
A person who is not married in life, he marries him in death, is the process many countries do.
But in Akukwa town as well as Imo state, the plan is not easy, where the girl families come to take their corpses and go to their home.
How to marry a woman in ceremony:
The person will come to tell the parents and their children with fire (he will not go a way to tell them that he has died).
They will join him to 'visit' their child, when they saw her corpse, they will accuse the man of killing their child, which will make him explain that he was the one who killed their child, which wil
To show that not he killed her, he would agree to marry the woman's corpse
She will come to marry her
She will come back and tell the children who have died
The man will continue to celebrate his ceremony.
What will happen to someone who refuses to marry a woman in ceremony:
According to Nze Ukaejuoha, these are things that will make a person who refuses to marry a woman who does not do his rights in ceremony:
The person will get suicide in different ways
Different things are meeting with the person
There is nothing that would not go well for such person.
The person could also die in the death
But that person may reflect, refuse if all these distractions begin to distract him.
What the person will do if he remembers
If the man stopped and eventually refused to remember because of the suspension he gets, these are the following things he will do:
That person will send their elder communities to come to make the land free
He will be given transparency by ensuring that he has done what he needs to do in two ways.
Nigeria 2019 elections: The recognition of the candidates  Muhammadu Buhari
The Nigerian president Muhammadu Buhari is contesting for his second presidency in the Democratic Administration under the Party.
President Muhammadu Buhari
President Muhammadu Buhari is now calling for the third president of Nigeria.
He entered the presidency in December 1983 (1984) as the Nigerian military reached office, but some of his soldiers defeated Buhari in the 1983 election.
BBC discussions are still continuing now
Buhari later became the president through a democratic politics in 2015, after the efforts to achieve the seat three times.
As he was ruling as a military, Buhari did not have a certain name about human rights.
Although living in a democratic administration, many people in jail for Buhari did not release them as the court said.
The 76-year-old man was arrested in 2015, and promised to fight against corruption and corruption, as well as boost Nigeria's economy.
Four years are coming to the end but many people do not believe that what he did means is seen.
He promised to win Boko Haram fighting against Nigeria's armed group fighting against those who want to separate the countries in eastern Nigeria, but in recent years, there has been a recent attack
Their opponents believe that Buhari will meet a fight against a non-party party their names are better than the PDP candidate
Buhari is the leader of the All Progressives Congress (APC) who has been known as his head in politics in Nigeria, even though he has been prominent in the politics.
The news that will interest you:
It is little like 'Egwu Eke II' looks for Nnamdi Kanu - Buratai
I am not happy for corruption in the 2019 election - Atiku
Nigeria Election 2019: the candidates and their vices
Do you know the six people that are most important among the presidential candidates in 2019 election?
BBC will deal with them
Those who contest for presidency
See the six people that are contesting for presidency the best people and their vices
As the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) published a document showing that more than 700 people were elected in the 2019 election.
Election support in the Eastern East has fired
I will not be like Tinubu to tell people who they will join'
Peter Obi will not give you money but will support any good project.
Among these six members and their vices, there are three women; one contests for president while others contest for vice.
1) Muhammadu Buhari and Yemi Osinbajo
Buhari and Osinbajo have ruled Nigeria since 2015 under the All Progressives Congress (APC).
Who is Muhammadu Buhari?
She was born on December 1942
He has ruled Nigeria twice; as a military and civilian.
He came to president three times (2003, 2007 and 2011) before winning it in 2015.
In this way he is the president, he is also the minister of oil production in the country.
Who is Yemi Osinbajo?
She was born on eighteenth of March, 1957
He is a priest in the Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG)
He won the position of vice president Buhari in 2015
He is also a lawyer
2) Atiku Abubakar and Peter Obi
Atiku and Obi are fighting for the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in this 2019 election
Who is Atiku Abubakar?
She was born on twenty-five November in 1946
He was the vice president from 1999 to 2007
He has contested for the presidency twice; in 2007 under the AC and 2018 under PDP.
He is a financial businessman who has many different businesses.
Who is Peter Obi?
She was born on July 1961
She won Anambra state governorship under the APGA party in 2003 but he did not remain in court until March 2006 when he won in court, but he was later released in court, but he was later released in
He later returned to his seat in February 2007, and left in May when Andy Uba won him, but the court said that he was left for his four years.
He joined the seat as governor of Anambra in 2014 after succeeding twice.
He is an economist in economy
3) Oby Ezekwesili and AbdulGaniyu Galadima
Galadima is also the chairman of the Allied Congress Party of Nigeria (ACPN) they want to get the governorship.
Who is Oby Ezekwesili?
She was born on twenty-eight of April 1963
He was the Minister of Infrastructure from 2005 to 2007 and of Education from 2006 to 2007.
He is part of the Bring Back Our Girls (BBOG) group that responds to kidnapped Chibok children since 2014
If he wins, she will be the first woman to become president of Nigeria
Who is Ganiyu Galadima?
She was born on June 1, 1964
She educated at Kwara State University where she later became one of the leaders of the institution.
He was a former presidential candidate under the ACPN in 2015
He is a businessman
4) Kingsley Moghalu and Umma Getso
Moghalu and Getso are contesting under the Young Progressive Party (YPP)
Who is Kingsley Moghalu?
She was born on May 7, 1963
This is the first time he is contesting in Nigerian politics.
She studied law and got a certificate as a lawyer in university
He is also an economist in the matter of economy.
He worked as a director in the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) in English.
Who is Umma Getso?
she was born in 1981
He is the vice chairman of their party, YPP
He is a financial analyst, and an effort engagement in the rights of women.
5) Omoyele Sowore and Rabiu Ahmed Rufai
Sowore and Rufai are contesting under the African Action Congress (AAC).
Who is Omoyele Sowore?
She was born on February 1971
He is a person who talks about the rights of the leader.
She started it when she was in university
He opened Sahara Reporters publication
He founded the AAC party in August 2018
Who is Rabiu Ahmed Rufai?
She was born on July 1976
He is a doctor or a health specialist in healthcare
She lectured at Bayero University in Kano
6) Fela Durotoye and Khadijah Abdullahi-Iya
Durotoye and Abdullahi-Iya are contesting under the party Alliance for New Nigeria (ANN).
Who is Fela Durotoye?
She was born on twenty-twenty May in 1971
She got to Obafemi Awolowo University in Ile-Ife
He is a person who teaches people how money is used, and also a person who uses spirits to increase the spirits of people.
He is contesting for president under the party Alliance for New Nigeria (ANN).
Who is Khadijah Abdullahi-Iya?
He is the founder of the Women Community of Africa (WCA) and Rags to Riches (R2R).
He is also a lawyer
Who will you join?
Imo Election Results: Seven things that affected Uche Nwosu
Only Uche Nwosu came to the Igbo BBC conversation for the governorship election in Owere Imo state
Igbo heard in Owere when Igbo BBC made the discussion of the governorship candidates in Imo state but it was what interested the Imo people that only one of the candidates of the candidates in Imo st
Imo state APC spokesman has condemned Uche Nwosu
Imo APC Primaries: Uche Nwosu has been nominated as the candidate of Imo governorship candidate
Those who took the Imo forward were Emeka Ihedioha PDP, Hope Uzodimma of APC and Ifeanyi Ararume of APGA.
The Igbo BBC chairman Adline Okere said that it is only Ararume who told him that he might not come because he is starting his voting campaign.
The ceremony started at two hours afternoon.
In the separate discussion, Uche Nwosu promised that he would pay N30m as a minimum wage if the governor would not pay the minimum wage.
Nwosu also said that his party had no presidential candidate when he participated in discussions on the support to President Muhammadu Buhari.
Another thing he said was; 'There is nothing in my manifesto I cannot do.'
Seven statements followed by Uche Nwosu:
Uche Nwosu from APC joins AA to contest for governorship election in Owere Imo state
Nwosu declared what he will do for Imo states if he contests for the governorship election in March 2019.
Buhari for President: 'AA might rescue Uche Nwosu'
It is not true that Action Alliance does not pay Uche Nwosu-Obidiche
Finally, see what he did in minutes and minutes:
I will bring to me an education that is taking through the church meeting.
I will make health better for children, young women and younger women.
I will make youths into agriculture
I know that power is running in political issues
I will make the people who lived to the Imo people
I will pay at least three month wages if the Federal Government announces it.
I will look into the issue of wedding wages.
An interesting story
Uzodimma, Ihedioha and Ararume do not come to BBC Igbo conversation
Atiku comes to America he has a question he will ask us-Lai Mohammed
What Nigerians are saying about Atiku's visit to America
Atiku: Abuja was firefighted as Atiku returned to America
News about Atiku Abubakar's Return, Guinness Wine Production Company, President Buhari and Political Economy, Onnoghe News
Important letter:
PDP members and interested Atiku Abubakar's interested people were in the toilet at Nnamdi Azikiwe Airport in Abuja to welcome Abubakar, who visited the United States.
Atiku and the Nigerian President of the House of Representatives Bukola Saraki paid two night visits in the country whereas Atiku explained, he and the national government officials were involved in
Atiku will participate in the presidential election that will held on Saturday night in Abuja.
Fire in Guinness wine production factory
The Guinness Wine Production Company in Osisioma Industrial Layout, Aba, Abia state on Friday.
The fire which lasted six hours was caused by the firefighting industry, as well as other nearby agencies, the police and the community.
Guiness spokesman Nike Onakoya told the Igbo BBC that the fire did not injure the person because it was creating a big thing.
He also said that their wine production is still available in their office in Benin and Ogba, Lagos Breweries.
There was no damage or major damage from the incident like the Aba fire was due to workshop and only few people were injured.
Where we did our wine production is mostly in our hotels in Benini and Ogba(Lagos).
It is fake news that Onnoghen was supposed to be arrested
Femi Adesina was a well known journalist before serving in the presidency.
The Presidency has reported that the news that the government wants to arrest the Nigerian Justice Onnoghen is false.
The spokesman of President Muhammadu Buhari's spokesman, Femi Adesina stated on his Facebook page that the 'false news' that they boycotted the Nigerian Party (NPP).
Donald Trump: Progress has been on the removal of the North Korean nuclear war
US government shut down last week because the senators did not support their budget
The American president Donald Trump has said that there has been progress in the matter of removing North Korea's nuclear war.
He said him differently with what experts are saying that he has not gone the way and also going to the place.
Liverpool and Crystal Palace defeated him
In sports,
Liverpool defeated Crystal Palace with two goals in the premier league competition they did on Saturday.
Government will sell the wealth of those who are in corruption
President Muhammadu Buhari has said that his government will bring money to the politicians for corruption and corruption.
Buhari said this in Kaduna where he planned the vote yesterday
He said that the plan was because he did not want to do what he said he did in 1985, with the release of these people's lives.
The Nigerian Supreme House of Assembly has started training Onnoghen
Reports coming to us indicate that the Federal Government has visited the Code of Conduct to remove Justice Walter Onnoghen from his position as Justice.
The name they put in the CCT is the Nigerian Supreme Lawyer Abubakar Malami
In abroad
Up to 20 people have died in Mexico after the fire of a car fire.
Many others were injured in the accident that happened in Hidalgo state in Northern Mexico
In sports
When Lobi Stars and Heartland FC met
Lobi Stars of Nigeria will meet Asec Mimosas of Ivory Coast today in their second round in the CAF Champions League.
Lobi won the first round with four goals against Mamolodi Sundowns in Enugu.
Listen to these sessions here:
Watch today's video:
Obasanjo: 'We want a responsible president'
The former Nigerian father, Olusegun Obasanjo has expressed several things about how the statement is in Nigeria now and what he wants Nigerians to live in the country and what he wants Nigerians to
Obasanjo
Olusegun Obasanjo has said that he does not think that Inec will do a good election in the coming month.
If they want to do a fair election, the present opposition will not give them the opportunity.
Obasanjo's union has begun
This government has been involved in 2019 - Obasanjo
Obasanjo said this while reading his book called 'Points for concern and action' in home where he was writing a book called 'Points for concern and action'.
He said that what Nigeria needs now is a clear president who is clear and eager to rule the country.
Obasanjo said that Nigerians should listen to the small things Buhari has done to them since he was in office.
In his words, 'Buhari has left us first, we will be famous if we ask him to left us again.'
He added Buhari's administration to the army of the Nigerian military known as Sanni Abacha during his lifetime as president.
The news that will interest you:
My child has been arrested because of incomplete money
Do you know Igbo leadership very well?
Day 28: Do you know the name of 91 parties in Nigeria?
#BBCNigeria2019
Atiku comes to America he has a question he will ask us-Lai Mohammed
Olusegun Obasanjo: Why Atiku told Buhari
Obasanjo told BBC that he has looked at what Buhari has done and seen that Atiku has given him two salads.
In his interview with BBC Yoruba, the former president of Nigeria, Olusegun Obasanjo said about the former vice and contestant in the politics.
He said that his words are now false that he will forgive Atiku than Buhari because Buhari has done.
Those who have to choose between them are APC and PDP.
From what I like to Buhari  inability, corruption, corruption, corruption, corruption, corruption, corruption and all the other things he added to him.
Atiku will try two more than Buhari.
He also said about Boko Haram and the Independence National Electoral Commission (INEC).
Obasanjo explained that he believed in President Muhammadu Buhari to Atiku, which was why he left to support youths out of 73 presidential elections.
He also stated the incident before the soldiers attacked Odi town in 1999, when up to 2500 people died by the soldiers
The discussion will be held on the 22nd of January 2019.
Absence also made people drink unsubsidiary drugs because they do not use their money to go to the hospital.
According to Oriuiakhi, 'it is the wrong type of preventive measures that some are doing against preventive measures why some measures used with malaria are dead.'
Four things you do not know about malaria
He said that some people who went to Kemist, take unlimited drugs from the doctors.
This will make that when they seek the drug, it will not work in their bodies.
He also said that this is a problem concerning the health workforce.
What will the preventive drugs work as supposed?
People should be given good training on how to take preventive drugs.
Only when a doctor has written these preventive drugs is the time that it should be heard.
Nutrition: High nutrition is not in your body's body
The sellers of preventive drugs should not bring it to anyone if the person does not use his doctor's certificate.
There should be an English study called 'Culture and Sensitivity' before preventive drugs.
The person was not away to the hospital to do a testimony to give him the appropriate drug.
Healthcare workers should explain people the need to know how to take these preventive drugs.
An interesting story
There is no money for the transmission of Imo state government
The closure of Nigeria's headquarters and what it means
What will happen if you stop using clothing jackets?
Nigeria Vs Ukraine: Flying Eagles have been the last team to become the last team
Nigerians defeated Tijani Mohammed with the gun as Nigeria defeated in their match with Ukraine on Thursday.
Ademola Olajire
Flying Eagle musicians defeated in their competition in Ukraine
Nigeria and Ukraine scored one goal in the U20 World Cup match between Nigeria and Ukraine on Thursday.
But Nigerians were not happy as the Flying Eagle musicians have called their 'band' in the competition as they played as a cat with a cat.
Nigerians angry and angry told Tijani Mohammed of Flying Eagle as Nigeria is defeating in the competition
Tijani scored a penalty, Ukraine's goalkeeper reminded him few times before the end of the competition.
Which made as Danylo Sikan of Ukraine scored their first goal.
But Tijani won himself with another penalty after scoring another goal in the 47th minute of the competition.
Many Nigerians expressed their anger on Tijani.
See what some said:
@10Qmedia said that Tijani Muhammed is the best player among Nigerian players
@vic_MLS warned that Tijani lost the penalty opportunity.
@rappatek said that the Flying Eagles coach had to release Tijani at the time.
@SSnetwork said that they do not play in one hand.
Jane Ada: I use the world to show the world the Igbo identity
Jane Ada an Igbo living in America explained how she saw some of the children in Igbo land
Jane Ada who is well known for clothing said that it was through the description of some Igbo children.
Jane who studied Secondary in Enugu before traveling to America working said that she did not know when the began but God gave her a gift.
The songs he has called include Amadioha and Ala,two popular songs in Igbo land.
Listen to how he did that and his objectives concerning Igbo culture and language.
The news reporters: Chioma Nkemdilim and Nnamdi Agbanelo.
Women's World Cup 2019: Super Falcons Against Super Eagles
Some women in sports have explained some of the problems women play in Nigeria.
Football journalists also women have said that Nigeria's Super Falcons should play more than their men.
They said despite this that people especially these men do not participate in women football in Nigeria and Africa.
They went on to say that the government does not invest in women's football as they do in men's football even though they do in men's football as they do in men's football as they do in men's footbal
That it is these things that we do not hear about the different women's competitions in Nigeria.
Nigeria vs Norway: Nigeria has defeated France today.
Norway has scored three goals to defeat Super Falcons in the women's world cup in France
Norway and Nigeria in the women's world cup in France
Norway has scored three goals against Nigeria in the women's world cup which started in France today
Norwegian women played as male while Nigerians made their women until they returned to wedding their women until they returned to wedding.
France defeated Super Falcon
Why do women football do not interest you?
First Norway goal scored in the 17th minuite (17') while the second goal scored in the 34th minuite by Utland
The fear for Nigeria was which showed that Ohale scored the third goal against the Nigerian player which scored the third goal in the 37th minuite (37').
While doing this, Nigeria used a golden book by Francisca Ordega and Desire Oparanozie who was the way of winning the book by Francisca Ordega and Desire Oparanozie who was the way of winning the boo
Norway defeated Nigeria with three goals which Nigeria did not make its wins after the competition.
On Saturday night was the women's world cup held in France which was held by Nigeria and 24 other countries.
Nigeria is in the group A who started the match at Stade Auguste Delaune in France
Nigeria and South Korea will meet on Wednesday at 2pm at Stade des Alpes, Grenoble.
Spain has defeated South Africa with three goals against one.
An interesting story
Abuja Supreme Court has inaugurated another AIT
NBC has disqualified AIT, Ray Power media permissions
Why do women football do not interest you?
Nigeria vs South Korea: Falcons have defeated
Nigerian Falcons have defeated their country of South Korea with two goals.
Nigerian Oshaola
French football has been fired now as the Falcons of Nigeria won
Nigeria's first goal came from South Korea when Kim Do-yeon scored the goal in the 29th minute.
This happened when investigations were begun through VAR technology before the goal was received.
Asisat Oshoala showed South Korea and Nigeria did not come to child games in 75th minute
Nigeria vs Norway: Norway has defeated Nigeria
He scored them with one goal which made Nigeria win the competition.
Finally, Nigeria defeated Nigeria with the victory as Norway defeated them in their first match.
George Weah has met Buhari in Abuja
Liberian president George Weah came to meet President Muhammadu Buhari on Thursday in the government of Abuja.
Weah came to meet Buhari
George Weah and Muhammadu Buhari
Liberian president George Weah came to meet President Muhammadu Buhari on Thursday in the government of Abuja.
According to a social media adviser which the president posted on Twitter, the both presidents had made a discussion on the relationship between the two countries.
Chiji Collins has been elected as the Imo state house president
New legislators in Imo state have nominated Mr Chiji Collins as their speaker.
The girl, is representing the Isiala Mbano Local Government of the state.
He was elected without anyone knowing him.
This is the second time he was taking the house of senate as he was elected first in 2015.
The house also elected Okechukwu Onyekanma, who represents Mbaitoli of the state as his vice.
The kidnapper has removed the head of a child in Ekiti
The community of Ilasa Ekiti in Ekiti State is in trouble now due to the death of one young girl who refused to marry him.
The unnamed cattlemaker removed the cattlemaker on the road where he went to fish and removed him from his head on Tuesday.
A man has fired a woman with his family for asking friends
A man has killed his wife because of talking
The commander of the village, Ajayi Omolagba said that the earlier killed the kidnap through his family according to the Fulani law.
But the family of the girl's family refused to marry him with the child which made him killing the girl.
The Ekiti State police said that this happened, that they had arrested the man through the records they got.
Fire in Port Harcourt
River state government has announced the fire in Port Harcourt Shopping Mall.
The state secretary Tammy Danagogo told the writers that they will complete the shop so that people start business today being Thursday.
The council leader in Katsina has been kidnapped
The kidnappers have killed many people in Benue and other states in Nigeria
Reports coming to us say that the kidnappers have killed one king in Garin Labo in Kastina state
The king was in his farm when the kidnappers came to fight.
In abroad
You have yet heard that the Mexican president Andres Obrador has stated that he will buy the president's aircraft to travel to America.
Obrador said that he will be transporting public airlines to ensure that he implements his promises for the American country that wants to save their people.
In sports, Enyimba FC won the award as 'best team' in African region in 2003.
In sports, Enyimba has topped the Nigeria Premier league seventh round by scoring three goals against Akwa United yesterday.
Enyimba scored 22 points in their five matches, while Reuben Bala, Stanley Dimgba and Abdulrahman Bashir scored Enyimba goals.
Listen to these news here:
Child trafficking: Police has arrested child traffickers in Imo State
The police in Imo said that Immaculata Edward kidnapped and kidnapped 5 children from a family in Ngor Akpala in the state.
The suspects killed the children
The department of Operation Puff Adder of Imo State Police has arrested 2 people whose duty is kidnapping children
On 24th April, 2019, a woman named Immaculata Edward said that she was a 31-year-old woman from Okondo in Cros River State killed five children.
NAPTIP has arrested those who are trafficking child trafficking
A doctor charging child trafficking
Immaculata took the five children of her friend's friend who were their parents told him to care for them.
These children were given by a group of mothers including; Somto Eke, a six-year-old woman, Kelechi Ekeh, a five-year-old man.
Others are Chisom Ekeh, a three-year-old woman, Ebuka Enwerem, a three-year-old man, Chioma Enwerem, a five-year-old man and Lucky Ida, a five-year-old man.
Children were rescued from their family
Immaculata called them to a popular child kidnapper Perpetual Iwuji from Obokwu Ulakwo, Imo State
Perpetual called two of these children and born them by Grace Nwachukwu from Aboh Mbaise and lives in Mpape Abuja
Immaculata also born two children who were her father's uncles from Cross River State and sold them from Ifeoma Ndubuisi from Lokpanta Abia State.
The child was rescued from his parents
Through investigation to the police administration, all the kidnapped children have been found and put to their families.
In the investigation, five other children were found by Perpetual Iwuji and they were taken to a home where the children were cared.
Those suspected in this include; Perpetual Iwuji, Isong Ifara, Immaculata Edward, Grace Nwachukwu, Ifeoma Ndubuisi and Stephen Ezenwa.
Child trafficking is nothing unknown in the Eastern part of Nigeria.
The news that will interest you:
There is nothing like Igbo president-Okorocha
Does a woman who is not married without marriage?
Rochas Okorocha has forgotten service as Nigerian Senator
AFCON 2019: Competition Process and Results
This process will hold the African Cup of Nations which will start on twenty-one of June in Egypt.
African cup
Inec Server: 'We have collected all the number of card readers on the computer'
Inec said that all those who registered for the 2019 election were in their computer.
Festus Okoye and Emeka Unachukwu
The Inec spokesman, Festus Okoye is still expressing that the industry did not have a server that allowed them to send the 2019 election documents.
Okoye said that the Nigerian law did not give them the opportunity to do so.
Judge Garba has presided in the case of Atiku and Buhari
The House of Representatives has declared progress for the 2019 budget
In his words, 'the Nigerian Act grants the right to collect all elections in the form EC8A form and put to the place where they will be collected.'
The Nigerian law we do this election is unknown to use the communication technology.
The Collation Officers or their job of taking these documents from them to the place where it is needed.
There was no time we sent the election results.
Okoye admitted that all the names registered for the 2019 elections are on the computer, and all parties were given these names.
Unusual use of 'Incident Form' will stop coming elections
He stressed that 'it is only when commutation is used with a commutator that the vote will be from the sava'.
He said that he does not know about the result of the 2019 election in any sava.
Similarly, BBC also asked a popular computer engineer Emeka Unachukwu what is'server'?
Unachukwu said that 'Server' is a component that integrates other components with other components used to send different services.
He said that Inec might say that they do not have a server because there is another company that has been arrested but it is not true that they do not have a server.
He said that the Internet has its own server where many people share their messages.
Unachukwu said that Inec will not tell them that they do not have a sava because they have a place where they are sharing data.
They can call this 'data base' but what it is sava because the computer collaborates with other parts of the computer with other parts of the computer with other parts of the computer with other part
He said that the Inec does not have a server.
They are calling people to come and wear their PVC prepared for the election.
Unachukwu said that even if the vote was taken to the server, the Inec would also put it into the server.
But they might say that they have not installed the 2019 description on the server which shows that they have not functioned their operations.
An interesting story
How to stop transmitting your new baby
Do the Igbos contribute to the government of Nigeria?
To pay two months wage within 10 months is impossible-Abia teachers
Watch our video
World Blood Donor Day 2019: what people are waiting about blood
As today is the time of blood being remembered, the Igbo BBC went to ask people what they know about blood.
Today is the World Blood Donor Day 2019.
BBC Igbo asked people what they know about blood giving and what types of things they are hearing about.
Listen to them.
Diet and Dementia: How to use chocolate in food to avoid dietary problems
Read this article to learn how to use good foods to make your child strengthen and strengthen.
Rice and food should be prepared for birthday.
Learn about nutritional foods that give you longer life and health.
Do you know seven foods that can help you solve your daily problems?
Over 50 million people in the world are suffering from breast mental diseases that cause malaria and educational problems, adding up to 100 million people in the world.
Even though the victory has been identified that the victory participated in responsibility, but there is no experience and support.
Red Wine drinks, Coffee, and Chocolate as well as Champagne drinks have been popularly popular for family problems.
But, does there be truth in these issues?
Read what Sheila Dillon a BBC worker found when she interviewed lecturers when she interviewed lecturers about what concerns the matter.
As you can find, these foods help your birthday health:
Food from milk
Excellent protein, contains little salad and also contains Omega Fatty Acids.
Feeding food contained in it one time or more during the week gives a great help.
Vine rice and other rices are like it.
Use wine rice to prepare breast feeding in your body
Fruits such as strawberries and blueberries prevent breast problems like strawberries and blueberries prevent breast problems.
There are different types of cassava and cassava
Different types of water provide health and effectiveness.
Anyone can only eat only 30mg of various fish, rye, rice, rice rice, rice rice, milet rice, milet oats and eat every protein, minerals and fibre.
Flour
Food gives blood and is prepared every day.
A person who said that taxes and other foods are meaningful, the person knows what he said.
Vitamin B
Vitamin B: it has been used in music
How many people who have birth problems given to Vitamin B indicates the excellent mental relaxation.
Do you even eat something that do not eat something that you do not eat something that you do not eat something that you do not eat something that you do not eat something that you do not eat somethi
Let us thank the residents of Olmec-Mexico for presenting the world the cocoyam water.
Cocoya is good for message and always responds to life.
But remember that you are drinking cold water that contains diabetes.
English
You can get Uber clothes from all the environmental clothes
The factor that makes English vegetable popular in the world is because it helps its better daily.
Now, have you looked?
These are all these foods you cannot get and you have other foods you do not find in your country.
And remember, these foods are not only for your birthday, they are addressing your body to make you small!
This article is a change of the article 'Diet and Dementia', a special article by the BBC's The Food Programme.
Mikel Obi: What did I do not to win AFCON cup?
The Super Eagles player has agreed that it was a victory that they came to play in the AFCON 2019
Mikel Obi
Nigerian Football Chairman - Mikel Obi
Mikel Obi who will join Nigeria's Super Eagles team to Egypt for the African Cup of Nations called AFCON 2019 has said that it is not coming because it is not coming because it is not coming because
It is six years Mikel Obi won the African cup of nations.
That was when Nigeria defeated South Africa.
Mikel will not participate in Poland
Mikel Obi is not good for Mikel Obi
Mikel Obi's father has been released from another kidnappers
Another time Mikel won Africa is in 2006 and 2010 when the Super Eagles defeated the third team.
During this AFCON, Mikel will lead the bloody youths with their bloody blood to qualify for this year's qualifying in Ijipt.
Mikel said: 'Although the new Eagles members are not the oldest in meeting with other African countries like him, this competition will give people like Samuel (Nigeria) like Samuel (Nigeria) like Sa
I also hope that we will go to Egypt and hopefully return.'
Super Eagles team
He also said that he was excited of how the Super Eagles were efforted despite their defeat in the Uwa Cup of Nations.
Mikel believed that the competition would be weak but believed that the support and support of the Super Eagles would help them win the competition.
Remember that Mikel Obi played for Nigeria firstly in 2005 when Super Eagles met Libyan club
Mikel said that this match might be his last match in the Super Eagles.
He said; 'whenever it is, I will try to make it beautiful.'
Ukraine and U20 world cup: South Korea has defeated the U20 world cup
Ukraine has defeated South Korea with three goals in the youth world cup.
Ukraine vs South Korea
Ukraine's football players have scored three goals against South Korea to defeat South Korea in the 2020 world cup.
The victory came after South Korea scored a penalty in the morning's morning match in five minutes which Lee Kang-in scored them in a goal.
Flying Eagles have travelled to the kingdom
Nigeria has qualified for the AFCON U20 competition
But Ukraine told South Korea that they did not see a month after Vladyslav Supriaga scored the goal in 34 minutes.
Vladyslav Supriaga said he really did not spend the money in fifty-three minutes when he scored his second goal in the South Korean match against South Korea.
The Koreans also called many times but Ukraine told them that they were not long after they made it three goals by Giorgi Tsitaish
This clothe was shot from South Korea
The world defeated South Korea after heartbreak on the start of the match.
This is the first time Ukraine is defeating the world cup after England two years ago.
An interesting story
What did I do not to do nor to win AFCON cup - Mikel Obi
Reversed court has taken Chimaroke again to another high court 'Who wants to release' women who do not want to release the violence.
They want them to maintain good capacity.
Igbo women use good dresses anytime.
Igbo women are looking for effortless men
Whatever a man involves, an Igbo woman will support him.
They want to participate in any project, they do not want to be conscious.
Whatever a woman wants to do, she will do it well.
The news that will interest you:
INEC agrees on card reader
China has made Xi the president until death
Rwanda: Priests have killed churches
Dapchi children: There has been fight between Buhari and Jonathan
There has been fight between Buhari and Jonathan over the killing of Dapchi students in Northern Nigeria.
Buhari started a visit to troubled cities in Nigeria including Taraba, Plateau, Benue before he got to Yobe.
President Mohammadu Buhari said that he is good to the former president Goodluck Jonathan in looking at the kidnapping of students.
He said this yesterday when he made a visit to Dapchi in Yobe State, where the children were kidnapped last month.
He condemned Jonathan's administration in the misleading of the Chibok students when they were kidnapped in 2014, and said it was unfortunate.
Some of these students were kidnapped
But Buhari's words have brought different controversies by many people.
Spokesman for Bring Back Our Girls group, Sesugh Akume has said that the president did not try.
Akume said, 'We are not excited, this is four years of kidnapping Chibok children, now it happened in Dapchi as Buhari's administration is doing just as the administration of Buhari's administration
The children have been kidnapped, but now the government is going there.
Despite all their words that they have released the children of Dapchi.
The president urged the parents of Dapchi children that he will release the kidnapped children
The special assistant of Jonathan Reno Omokiri said that Buhari's son, Yusuf Buhari had better children than Dapchi children
He said that during the kidnap of Chibok children, Jonathan called a security meeting, while Buhari suspended the security meeting during the kidnap of Dapchi children.
He also said when Yusuf Buhari had a road accident that Buhari closed all transportation traffic, and went to visit his child at the hospital.
The news that will interest you:
The parents of Dapchi students arrested in Abuja
Another person who said his opinion was Femi Fani-Koyede in his tweet;
The representative of Jonathan, Reuben Abati said his own in the television;
Other Nigerians are thinking in tuwita
Will tax stop in Igbo land?
The new baby was born, with hot water, heated water and salad to visit his mother. This is what is called pregnancy.
New baby and her mother
Tax is an Igbo culture that started since the olden days which is still happening until now
Most of the wedding in Igbo culture is when a mother comes to visit her daughter and her grandson (who is her grandson).
Sometimes, if a woman does not have a mother (if the mother has died), her mother or her husband's wife or her husband's mother will be staying in her house.
Five things that interest women
Women have not been removed from the new manner
The value of a woman is not part of the shoe
Why she became a woman that was taking payment rather than a man, is because she was thought to be the most known woman because she had gone to this position.
The wedding period is when a mother teaches her baby everything she knows about careing the new baby.
Sometimes, it is a mother gives birth to a child, her mother comes and starts giving her her own salary.
A woman who gives birth to a new baby uses security opportunities and her mother is charging her child.
What mother does in salary
A mother will be giving her baby something that will make her breast feeding well
Mother will be eating her foods that will heal her well
The mother will wash her water in the food and other places she wants, and also take her what will disturb her (robb, abonic).
The mother will be giving food to the new baby, stir his bag and stir him
She will also attract the new baby, and handle her well.
She will ensure that her child is under the box comprised of heat and water and vaccination drugs, which will cause blood from the baby.
He will be condemning him to be able today and love how democracy before she is able
A mother will be taking care of her girl because she has been in the first position
She will also do other house activities like organisation of the house and maintaining food for the family.
The benefits of the debt
Birthday is the time when the mother, her child and her new baby called 'bonding'. This is why many mothers are used to take bonding with their mother.
She will teach her girl what her girl means, either clothes or clothes of violence.
The foods that should be eaten in a day
A woman consumes the foods that she eats. Some are in order to remove blood from her baby during the time of her baby's age. These foods are vegetables and vegetables. These foods are vegetables and
Dry water
Use water with water
Salad of fish
Fresh water
Hot tea and cattle
Traditional food
Trafficking on the road
Fire
Colorful and colorful
Answers
Tazi
Every food will have good rice
It is said that fever prevents suicide and other diseases such as corruption.
Women's food should not be in payment
What happened to something
Salads, salads and any oil produced with oil
Ahuekere
Every food that has saliva (a woman does not eat it because the saliva will contain it in the body or in the body).
The news that will interest you:
What is it important today?
Have a woman taken kolanut as a man?
Five things that interest women
What is your objective for judging?
Salary expiration
The mother comes to the payment, the mother comes to the payment will get something.
Those who come to the visit will be bought various gifts such as money, schools, clothes, shoes, and various food and food.
It will be buyed with necklaces and waterproof clothes that will be served to his residents when he returns to his place.
Ozubulu women have done promotion
The report said that Ozubulu's women were dressed as judges went to the headquarters of the police in Amawbia to request.
People with guns attacked St. Phillips church last year
The ladies of Ozubulu women living in Ekwusigo in Anambra state went to the police office in Amawbia to ask for them suspension yesterday.
They did this concerning the prosecution between those thought to have attacked a church in their community on 6 August last year.
They said that the people are fearing their lives and it is also because of this they are looking for those who will give information against them in court.
They were putting a big document where they were written 'we want full judgment' 'we want full prosecution of the police in court'.
What an evident said about Ozubulu's killing
The spokesman of the police in Anambra Nkiruka Nwode told the Igbo BBC that what is important for women is to peace in their country.
Nwode said that the women who are doing this were asked by the police to support them to go to court for the killing of their country.
The commissioner of police in Anambra state, Garba Baba Umaru gave the women support, to go forward.
Umaru told the women that 'if I am here, there is nothing to do for you, I will ensure you have full justice'.
What happened in Ozubulu
The gunmen went to St. Phillips Church of Catholic priest and killed people where they were praying
The attack happened to 11 people on August 6, 2017
The news said that it was a conflict between two people living in the South African country that caused this incident.
This made the police of Nigeria and South Africa began investigating on the matter
Those accused of having been accused of the criminal issue were: Onyebuchi Mbanefo, 46, Chukwudi Ugwu, 30 and Great Chinedu Akpunonu, 44.
This matter is still in court where suspects are appearing daily
The news that will interest you:
Timbershade market has been restored
The benefits of salaries in Igbo culture
Two Nigerian soldiers have been killed in Plateau
The words of people about marriage are angry for me.
In Igbo land, women up to 30 years old are experiencing problems, trauma and other problems.
Women are joining a woman who is schooling
The unmarried girls are being violently married
Nkiru (we do not put her father's name as we promised) has over 30 years working as a visitor of people in their office.
Nkiru told the BBC journalist that her situation has caused her condemnation, violence, suicide and despicability from her family and others.
The last time I went to home, our housemates told me that I had returned home and it seemed that no man had returned.
She also thought that her father (her father has died) does not give her and her uncle because they have not been married.
Listen to what the video said:
Our househelp told me not to return to another house but I did not see my husband'
In Igbo land, marriage is something that is written by a young person
According to the investigation of the National Demographic and Health Survey called 'National Demographic and Health Survey' in 2013, in Nigeria, the number of the population and population of Nigeri
The benefits of salaries in Igbo culture
Will this stop in Igbo land?
This means that marriage is a traditional culture in Nigeria.
But if a woman has reached the stage of marriage or not, especially in the Eastern Nigeria, she is being loved, and also affecting some of the countries.
What is it caused?
According to students of human relationship called'sociologists' in English, the major reason that causes violence or destruction of children
In his remarks, Dr Adedeji Oyenuga, a professor of Sociology at Lagos State University, explained that it is culture and that some parents are married.
It comes from culture. There are times a child was looked at his parents, but when the child was looked at his parents, a man was looked at marrying a woman, and the man was looked at marrying a woma
Dr Nkechi Emma-Echiegu a lecturer at Ebonyi State University also said that it is culture.
In Igbo land, it is a question of the marriage, the marriage is questioned.
He further said that it is a wrong culture that a girl is kidnapped or killed because of no marriage.
Listen to his statement:
What causes disappointment in time:
Dr Adedeji Oyenuga said that the reason for unmarriage is the woman to read high school which could make male married with her.
Another thing is that a woman is more than male in population. He also said that men leave their parents to the country than women.
The causes of unmarried marriage causes
According to Professor Oyenuga, violence against women has not been caused by various factors like drinking, drug drinking, poverty and increased security of people.
Echiegu said that it could lead to various tragedies including poor thinking, wrongful thinking, marriage and death.
They said that having knowledge would help stop the wrong culture that makes a woman married as an unfortunate.
In Oklahoma, one woman will go to prison for marrying her child
One woman has been jailed for two years of marriage in Oklahoma in the United States.
Patricia Ann Spann and her son, Misty Dawn Spann
This woman married her son
Patricia Ann Spann, who was fourteen years old, agreed that she and her daughter, Misty Velvet Dawn Spann, were studying and had a husband.
The woman was killed by her children and they met another time in 2014.
They married themselves at the time of marriage of a woman or a man to marry his husband or a man to marry his husband in that area.
The investigators found that Patricia Ann Spann married her son when she was 18 years old, while a black boy launched the relationship in 2010.
An interesting story
Former Catholic priest has signed
Our househelp told me not to return to another house but I did not see my husband'
Dangote student has studied in Kano
It was the visitor department found about the woman and her child when they were visiting their home.
According to the report, Misty Spann stopped her relationship with her mother in October last year after discussions with her mother in October last year.
Misty Spann said that her mother said that she and her mother said that she and three lawyers arrested her with 'three lawyers who assisted her in the association'.
Patricia Ann Spann said that she believed that their association was not against law because she was not registered in her daughter's school as a mother where they were not registered.
Misty Spann agreed that she violated the Blood Law Against Blood Law. She was granted 10 years of research and visits and spiritual practicing.
While her mother Patricia will continue to investigate her eight years out of the jail and her name will also be placed as a victim of human rights.
According to the law in Oklahoma State, a person who marries his blood is an infection whether they have or not have any sexual relationship.
Igbo food: what you do not know about the food you eat
Kolanut is an unusual food in Igbo land, it is also an Igbo tradition.
There are no reasons for the presence of the presence of the presence of the presence of the presence of the presence of the presence of the presence of the presence of the presence of the pres
She is left from being sacked before taking her breast before taking her breast before taking her breast
Many Igbo people know that they do not know how to produce kolanut before it is produced.
The toilet has a structure that produces breadfruit in English called 'breadfruit'.
A horse comes out from its head, it was left from its head, it was left from its head before it was cut and produced. That is why the Igbos were saying that 'the horse comes out from the head of the
Before eating salad, it will go to different ways such as:
His position
Eating it with him
Or seeing him in fire
Ingredients that are used to use
There are no reasons for the presence of the presence of the presence of the presence of the presence of the presence of the presence of the presence of the presence of the presence of the pres
Food petrol
Some add yabasi, maggie and salad
Some add fish while some add food.
Some also add rice
Some also add water
Till the time it comes
How to prepare it
These are things you should do before sitting your side
Wash your hands well with water to ensure that there is no one in your hands.
Put her into a pot called 'pressure pot' and add water to her with water that will clean her well.
Some add salt or salt to make it smooth and dry.
Stir it and add the water inside it and add the water inside it.
Let it leave it with the ingredients you add in it together.
Remove it and leave it in cold water and stir well.
Kolanut is a food that you can eat without any ingredient you can eat without adding or unadding any ingredient.
How to eat it
When coming to some towns like Urualla in Imo state, they do not remove the water used from their feet. They drink different waters and also drink their feet.
Some do not add food into their bodies, while some do not add food into their bodies which is why they put it in water.
Eggs are also prepared with eggs, they are also prepared with eggs or eggs.
Many people are using robbery jerseys
How to protect feet
She is being called out before being shot down for those who will be buying her to travel to the overseas.
Before preparing the pot, put it in water from the night until the rest of the morning. This will make it clean and dry especially when using the pot.
What it gives to body
The investigations discovered by scientists showed that rice contains many better ingredients in body, such as riboflavin, iron, niacin, thiamin, iron and fosfor.
It is beautiful for human heart. Some use its rice bags because it is killing dandruff, also stopping depression.
There is also little ingredients called saturated fats, cholesterol and sodium.
Some drink different water while some eat it with its water
Other things you do not know
Some of the popular oils are added into some of the popular oils to give it flavour.
The flour is usually prepared in the English called flour
It is also produced oil
The news that will interest you:
She is in Enugu for visiting Fayose's visit there
We will shut down the government from court- ICSC
The benefits of salaries in Igbo culture
Death and high death have forced people
The resident of the market and a doctor said that these places cause different types of diseases.
Where they are leaving the market
Toilets from this place cause great disease
People who visit Ikosi, Isheri or Ketu in Lagos state are drinking from the government's market called Oloso.
Enugu State has this on daily roads from Enugu to Port Harcourt.
The fear of these places is like the fire of the in Lagos, some people here have been released because of violence.
In Lagos, the news said that one child died because the death was not able to accept because the death was everywhere.
According to this, Lagos Governor, Akinwunmi Ambode has closed down the market place.
Government and communities are opening fish markets at all times
What people are saying
But that is still as well as the people living here.
BBC Igbo called one man called Samuel Osaze on the phone.
He said that flour that comes from the place is the cause of great disease
This building occurs because the government is always firing this place at all times. Yesterday when I was walking to the kolanut road, a big building came into my building.
In 2013, the Lagos Waste Management Agency LAWMA said that the Lagos waste management agency LAWMA stated that the Lagos waste up to thirty thousand tonnes.
A medical doctor, Dr Ikechukwu Mgbolu said that death comes from diseases causing various diseases such as child and breast diseases such as breast diabetes and diabetes.
He also said that people with asthma cannot live far from this place.
Mgbolu said: 'The high death is causing high respiratory infection called upper respiratory infection in English due to the increase of carbon monozide in the body.
Osaze said that the season was not always allowed between March and October all years because this is the season of winter.
Residents of Lagos are everywhere on the roads in Lagos
Osaze said, 'There is no experienced country where the fire fire is disqualified now because they know that such action causes great disease.
Government should buy an incinerator in English which is an electricity device.
Governor Ambode has said that any disease will not be sacred anywhere due to different diseases
It is like other states to say what they will do when they will do where the trafficking is between their communities.
The news that will interest you:
Why Buhari canceled Rwanda travel
Do these banks are trafficking Nigerians?
Uber's independent vehicle kills person in America
A Uber driver killed a woman in Tempe in Arizona, America
Uber
Uber company has shown angry about the woman they killed
Uber, the partner of the private car makers has said that they have suspended the eyewitness examination after one of their vehicles drowned a 18-year-old woman.
According to the report, the accident made the Uber company suspended its private transportation tests.
Uber chairman, Dara Khosrowshahi said on Twitter that the death was a 'heartbreaking tragedy'.
We think about the family that has been affected and we are working with the Nigerians to understand how it happened.
This accident is not only Uber involved, it will affect the efforts of Uber to develop private vehicles for human travel.
The news that will interest you:
We will shut down the government from court- ICSC
Do these banks are trafficking Nigerians?
Putin will rule Russia again for six years
But if they take it to the cost of the economic revolution, it will make much of the money invested in Nigeria genuine.'
In few years ago, Nigeria had a problem of economic change as its economy was drowned due to the rise of oil prices in international markets.
It is this case that, according to Uwaleke, it will not be for Nigeria to follow the advice given to the IMF.
Uwaleke said that if Nigeria has it now, it will be difficult for him to pay his wages from overseas because it will be cheaper
An interesting story
What does Nigeria benefit from CHOGM?
Did Nigerians not have a meeting in America?
Police have sacked Dino Melaye's house
World Cancer Day: How I got treatment for cancer - the winner of breast cancer
Gloria Orji the Igbo lady who won cancer and is good, she says where she won cancer, another will win cancer
Cancer is a disease that is shocking the world for how it kills people.
The worst is that those who are looking for drugs are looking for it but no drug has been produced on that drug.
The theme of the 2019 Cancer Day is 'I can and you can' which means that all of us can attack cancer.
But Ms. Gloria who discovered cancer in her breast in 2010, she was diagnosed with cancer in her breast in 2010, she was taken care of the disease.
In his words, 'Cancer is not a death case', now, he is participating in the topic of women with cancer.
He told the Igbo BBC how he injured the disease.
Bill Cosby has accused Bill Cosby of attacking woman
Bill Cosby may go to three thousand jail for attacking a woman.
Bill Cosby
Bill Cosby is well known as a governor
American court has decided that the judge Bill Cosby has been accused of three accusations accused of violence against women.
It is Andrea Constand the former basketball player who has been prosecuting Cosby in court since 2004
Release Nnamdi Kanu on his trial date
The court has ordered to arrest Innoson
Cosby, 80, was still accusing the allegation, but the decision could put him into jail for three years.
This is the second time Cosby is convicting himself in court for women attacks.
Bill Cosby is well known for The Cosby Show in English.
Many women are still accusing Cosby of assault but Cosby said that they are all fake.
An interesting story
MASSOB - Ebere Buhari is doing inability
See different foods produced from rice
Codeine, persecution
Codeine, a 'tragedy' is a story of how much drug taking is harming the lives of young people in Nigeria investigated by BBC.
Codeine, a 'persecution' is a story of how much drug taking is harming the lives of young people in Nigeria
BBC journalists made a secret investigation that explained how the producers, the sellers and its sellers sell children in the way of selling the drugs against the law.
Codeine outbreak: Emzor has sacked workers
Emzor Pharmaceuticals has sacked one of their employees for investigation report, 'Codeine Otomegbu' done by BBC.
A boy takes copdeine
The news says that some politicians are taking youths as a gift.
The Nigerian drug producer industry, Emzor Pharmaceuticals, has sacked one worker, and suspended two workers due to their intervention in the country.
Emzor sacks one of their suppliers who sold their BBC journalist, Emzolyn syrup.
They said this on social media after BBC released the video they did on Monday 30th of April.
In the one-hour video was shown that one of the drug suppliers including one of the Emzor workers who included one of the Emzor workers was selling drugs to people.
Angry and confidence attracted those who attended the video which was shown in Lagos yesterday.
A person said that it is putting oil in the fire in Kano as he said that they are putting oil in the fire in Kano as he said that they are bringing oil to youths.
But Emzor's company has argued that they are not producing drugs in false ways.
They also said that they had suspended the buying of Emzolyn with Codeine until they will complete investigations on the allegations that they are being buying their drugs without payment.
Emzor stopped one of their businesses and later left him from work.
Emzor Pharmaceuticals is a company that is respectful and respectful.
They have over one hundred and twenty-twenty drugs including Emzolyn Codeine from NAFDAC.
They went on to say: Emzolyn Codeine has been stopped today when the complete investigation will be completed.
In a BBC interview with the Director-General of the Department of Training and Pharmacists in Nigeria in the Eastern Region, Dr J. Abubakar.
Okafor said, 'We have a plan on how to distribute drugs with codeine in Nigeria which makes people cannot buy it without payment of a doctor.
Any industry found violates the law, we are closing it.
Many Nigerians who are in choal miditis are blaming Emzor for their benefits between young people.
One person who asked the company said: So, if the BBC does not show the report, your company will not do anything to protect the information.
Does your workers do not know what they are doing?
Another person, Mairo Mandara, called for government to ban food containing codeine.
Codeine: NAFDAC has attacked four industries and shutdown many drugs
NAFDAC said that they will try to stop all facilities supporting codeine drugs in Nigeria
NAFDAC officers
Always NAFDAC is attacking drug producers in Nigeria
The Nigerian Department of Food and Food Safety Corps (NAFDAC) attacked four drug producers in Lagos, Ilorin and Lagos state.
The attack, was part of an investigation by the BBC which showed how people destroyed the drugs containing codeine.
NAFDAC said that the attack they attacked, showed that the companies still producing drugs that contain more codeine than the required number of law, giving them the opportunity to produce more codei
Codeine Ban: Will Dextromethorphan be a discussion?
Government has banned codeine
Codeine outbreak: Emzor has sacked workers
The president's wife has called for codeine
NAFDAC Director, Mojisola Adeyeye, told journalists that now, they are investigating the work of the four institutions that BBC showed in their video.
In his words: 'We have banned many drugs containing codeine in the manufacturing plant in Ilorin.
Bioraj Pharmaceuticals company said that they have suspended their worker, Junaid Hassan, and Emzor also said that they have suspended their worker, Chukwu Chukwu.
They were appeared in the BBC video as people who were selling codeine drugs.
But stakeholders say that government should protect these industries more than investigations are investigated.
Other stories that will interest you:
Four ways of journalists are expected to work.
The court has refused to release Dino Melaye by June 11
Buhari has left his US visit to Nigeria
The Nigerian president Muhammadu Buhari has fled to the United States to expel Nigeria after he stopped in London.
Muhammadu Buhari
Buhari and Trump joined for fighting against military terrorists
The Nigerian president Muhammadu Buhari has left his visit to the United States to visit President Donald Trump.
The airline landed at the Presidential Airport of Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, Abuja at 10 am.
Some government workers went to accept him.
He was the spokesman of the president Femi Adesina told the journalists this after the airline fled out.
President Buhari will go to America
See what Buhari and Trump discussed
Four ways Buhari told Trump
Buhari who left Washington DC on Tuesday after had a meeting with Trump after had a meeting with Trump in London.
The spokesman of the president on information Garba Shehu, called the suspension of the accident using a plane investigation and said that it was because of the airlines.
He also said that Buhari used a little aircraft to travel a long way to travel, the reason why he stopped from Britain.
Shehu said that the suspension was for pumping oil in his aircraft and inspection of the aircraft before returning to Nigeria.
He said that there is nothing that has been stopped because the president has received Nigeria.
But see what people are saying on social media:
The news that will interest you:
Only the majority will agree that Buhari has done well
NAFDAC has attacked four companies for codeine
Do you know that killing a person who wants death is wrong in Nigeria?
President Buhari has visited London again for health visit
President Muhammadu Buhari is going to see his doctor who asked him for a visit and treatment.
Buhari
It has not been a week Buhari fled to America where he returned to Donald Trump where he had a meeting with Donald Trump.
President Muhammadu Buhari will arrive today to London where he is receiving treatment for his disease.
A letter written by the president's spokesman, Garba Shehu said that the president will stay for four days on the journey.
He said that when the president went to London for repair and change of petrol in his airplane when he returned to America, he made a meeting with his doctor.
Buhari has left his US visit to Nigeria
Buhari will go to work in UK today
Why did Buhari come to Lagos?
She said that her doctor told her to come back while the president promised to come.
The president will return on Saturday 12th of this month May.
Shehu said that if he returns, he will visit Jigawa state, a travelling journey for the APC meeting.
The trip will take place on Monday 14 and Tuesday 15 this month.
Remember that the president is getting treatment in London but he did not tell Nigeria what he is disease.
An interesting story
Lagos: Over 2131 women are diagnosed with HIV
There are 45 corpses have been found in Gwaska
Igbos will not marry anymore
Sweet sweet codeine: Nafdac has shutdown three drug plants operating codeine
Nafdac has shutdown Bioraj, Peace and Emzor due to illegal distribution of drugs containing codeine.
Codeine, persecution
Many youths are suffering from infection in different diseases due to high trafficking drugs
The Department of Food Management and Production of Medicine and Medical Production Nafdac has closed down three facilities; Bioraj Pharmaceutical Limited, Emzor Pharmaceutical Limited and Emzor Pha
Ptd and Peace Standard Pharmaceutical Limited are a company engaged in the production of drugs containing codeine against law.
BBC released a report from their secret investigation which revealed how the three companies used to sell the drug which was unlawfully imported.
Codeine, trafficking
Codeine outbreak: Emzor has sacked workers
Government has banned codeine
In the letter released by the chairman of Nafdac, Mojisola Adeyeye, the closure comprised the investigation they did as they went to the institutions.
Because there was no complete evidence and efforts to prevent the production of the necessary documents after our investigation on the 2 of May, in their office, they were involved in the investigati
This is in order to provide complete investigation.
Nafdac investigates patients for the investigation BBC did about the drug