The news that will interest you:
Joseph Achuzie, Dike Biafra
Dapchi: Government has not defeated Boko Haram - Massob
Tottenham is looking into winning the FA title in Rochadale match
Son Heung-min, Fernando Llorente and Kyle Walter-Peters of Tottenham were the winners of Rochadale in the match yesterday.
Son Heung-min of Tottenham and his team were angry when he scored a goal in FA Cup competition.
Tottenham has defeated FA Cup four times
In sports, Tottenham defeated Rochadale with six goals to one in FA competition.
The win means that Tottenham and Swansea will play quarter final in FA cup on 17th of March.
Son Heung-min scored the first goal and sixth. Fernando Llorente scored three goals in the second half, while Kyle Walter-Peters scored the second goal.
Son Heung-min stops playing for Rochadale
What will happen next?
Tottenham will travel to Wembley on the fourth of March. Tottenham and Huddersfield will play in Premier League, before they and Juventus will play their match in Champions League on seven days in March.
Rochdale club had 16 matches to qualify for relegation in the league one.
The first match will be held in Plymouth on three days in March.
The news that will interest you:
Guardiola has made his first goal in England
Champions League: Neymar has defeated Ronaldo
President of Police: Open a fence before allowing them to move
The commissioner of police has urged Governors to create a place to sell rice before allowing them to sell rice in their state.
Ibrahim Idris
The State Commander of Police Ibrahim Idris has called for the state to be a leading state to produce land for crop training before they commence importing crops.
The commissioner of police said this yesterday in a joint meeting with the Local Government Security Council said it would help address problems and interaction between farmers and farmers.
He went on to say that the problem that occurred in Benue was because the state government had not opened a farm before banning rice imports.
In the meeting's main theme was, 'Development of the country: Security challenges and the need to find a solution to it,' the problem between farmers and farmers has not started in the administration of President Muhammdu Buhari.
Idris said: 'In my view, to reduce the gap between farmers and farmers, the state government would try to establish agricultural training facilities in their states before making a ban on importing ehi.
The news that will interest you:
Market has burnt in Alaba International
For Achuzia, we will see that Biafra won'
In Imo state, children's camps have lots of bushes
The Igbos in Imo state have different species of birds.
Different species of animals live in their homes in Imo state.
These babies were also kept in a safe environment so that they could live well.
Timothy the son of George Weah has started playing for PSG
Timothy Weah has gone to PSG where his father George Weah was a well known musician from 1992 to 1995.
Timothy Weah
Timothy Weah would it be better than his father as people think?
The former president of Liberia, George Weah known as Timothy Weah has started playing for PSG, where his father played first.
Timothy came out yesterday when PSG and Troyes scored a match.
As Neymar and Kylian Mbappe are not in league due to their loss, Angel di Maria and Christopher Nkunku were the goal keepers of PSG in this competition.
Neymar and Mbappe did not join Weah in this competition.
George Weah scored 55 goals in PSG
Timothy's father George Weah played for PSG before 23 years ago, before he went to AC Milan.
PSG has 10 matches ahead, each of which they should score 17 points if they qualify for the French League this year.
They will meet in Tusde for the second Champions League match. In the first match, Real Madrid defeated Real Madrid with 3-1.
Neymar's player, Neymar will not play another match in this season because of his victory.
The news that will interest you:
Nigerian government has decamped a plane to rescue Dapchi children
One man has killed his children in Awada
Fears of Fulani rulers have killed many
Charly Boy has said that she wants special guests to visit Nigeria
Charles Oputa who is known as 'Charly Boy' has expressed his anger over Nigeria's governance system.
The famous Nigerian Eze of Youths, Charly Boy said that he was not happy about Nigeria's situation.
When the Igbo BBC interviewed him, he asked 'Why did he become the bad people in Nigeria?
Charly Boy said that she wants special youths she would support for taking over the Nigerian leadership.
'I have been thinking for twenty-five years that Nigeria's creation will be for special guests,' Charly Boy said.
Oscars 2018: Kobe Bryant is among the winners
The American basket player, Kobe Bryant was among the winners in the release of this video.
Kobe Bryant, a well known American footballer
Important feat- Kobe Bryant has defeated.
In fact, Kobe Bryant is a well known NBA player in America has won the Oscars.
He paid this for the video of a childhood movie.
See other winners in the Oscars that were held this morning.
Winners:
The Shape of Water has the award of 'Best picture'.
Frances McDormand won the award known as 'Best actress' for Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
The awarded 'Best actor' is Gary Oldman for Darkest Hour
Guillermo Del Toro won the award known as 'Best director' for The Shape of Water
Get Out that Jordan Peele made was awarded 'Best original screenplay'
Oscars 2018: actresses appear in the ring
The highest award given to him in Hollywood has been awarded.
READ ALSO: See what people are wearing on the red carpet
Danai Gurira made the Black Panther movie and Walking Dead showed a scene in her head
The award ceremony of the 90th Academy Awards known as Oscars was held on Sunday where people showed their strength.
See what the producers come to this event.
Daniel Kaluuya
Daniel Kaluuya who was a British actor in Get Out was among the winners of the Oscars.
Lupita Nyong'o
Lupita Nyong'o won the 2012 Oscars for her film titled 12 Years a Slave
Jennifer Lawrence
Jennifer Lawrence's dress in Hunger Games is a red carpet.
Andra Day
Andra Day, a American musician, dressed on the red carpet, said people came to see her dress.
Oscars 2018: How to go
Black Panther is well known
Africa was captured in the beginning of the Black Panther campaign.
Black Panther: Do you think you are in this movie?
Tom Holland
Tom Holland made the appearance of the Spider Man in a beautiful dress to announce the winner of the event.
Chadwick Boseman
Chadwick Boseman the king of T'challa of Wakanda in the Black Panther movie went to Oscars
Ashley Judd
Ashley Judd who appeared in Time's Up appeared in red carpet
Adam Rippon
Adam Rippon in a figure skating competition called figure skating made people scream for him to wear a dress with a red cuff making him look like he was in the film Fifty Shades Of Grey.
Salman Hayek
Halman Sayek wears a black dress
Darrell Britt-Gibson
The photographers have been following Darrell Britt-Gibson's performance on the Three Billboards movie.
Whoopi Goldberg
Whoopi Goldberg's clothes looked like a dragon
Patrick Stewart
Sir Patrick Stewart made the X-men movie titled Time's Up in his uniform as he gave photos to the fans.
Sally Hawkins
Sally Hawkins, a British actress, won the award for her film The Shape of Water which he directed against the media.
Saoirse Roman
Saoirse Roman made the movie Lady Bird dressed in pink on the red carpet of Oscars after 10 years after her first appearance in 2008 when she was 13 years old
Meryl Streep
Meryl Streep has been named Meryl Streep for winning 21 Oscars since she began her film.
Margot Robbie
Margot Robbie made Tonya a great movie in her appearance on the red carpet.
Tiffany Haddish
Tiffany Haddish expressed the courage of African women who are known as Eritreans and Ethiopian women
This photo has a name called copyright.
Other African countries have made Nigeria better in film
When it comes to the world's highest Oscars, African countries represent Nigeria.
Winners of Oscars
2018 is the 90th year of the Oscars in Hollywood
After the 2018 Oscars, the Igbo BBC studied and found that other African countries are better than Nigeria in the film world.
Oscars 2018: between Africa and Nigeria
BBC found that despite the fact that some Nigerian filmmakers are using some of the Hollywood stars in their films, it has not been possible for the names of these names to get any award in Hollywood.
Nollywood is a movie producer in Nigeria and other parts of Africa which are known as known as known as known as known as known as known as known as known as known as known as known as known as known as known as known as known as known as known as known as known as known as known as known as known as known as known as known as known as known as known as known as 'Nollywood', other African countries have expressed their appreciation.
Lupita Nyong'o, a Kenyan born in America received the award 'the best actress' in 2013
In the past few years, Nigeria was seen as a 'dike' in the movie in Africa, but now it is like other countries have taken them.
While Nollywood is among the two top two in the world movie industry that produces more than 1000 films a year in one year, Hollywood is still producing almost 1000 films a year in one year, but it has not told them to be the world that they can produce the best movie.
But when it comes to Africa, Kenya and South Africa are showing Nigeria scepticism when it comes to awards and Oscars.
The bottom line in South Africa
I am concerned with security and the country's economy.
How the Senate accounts for Nigeria's foreign currency
See whose hand is in the ring of the senate
Nigerian youths have thanked Buhari for calling them 'witches'
Nigerian youths do not agree with what Buhari said in CHOGM that they are weak.
Muhammadu Buhari
Nigerians are saying that President Muhammadu Buhari is hiding them in abroad some times
People are still focusing on the 'death' of the Nigerian president called youths.
After Buhari went to London for the Commonwealth summit called CHOGM, he said that Nigerian youths are tired.
The statement he made did not attract many Nigerians, which caused them to express their anger on social media.
Three words Buhari used to 'throw Nigeria in the land'
Buhari's words are scary to the youths
President will not insult Nigerians
The spokesman of Buhari Femi Adesina, said that Nigerians did not understand what he said.
Adesina's statement did not stop people from saying what they want.
#LazyNigerianYouths are trending
Many of them went on to begin demonstrating their skills, and said that they are not lazy despite the fact that Nigeria is poor.
One white man contributed to this matter.
Some said how they used their hand to steal themselves from school through their efforts.
Some said that they will not support Buhari in 2019
One person who used a joke to show a job does not use it
Who will be the new president in commonwealth?
Commonwealth leaders are meeting to find out if the wife of Wales will be appointed as the head of the department.
Ezenwa Elizabeth
England woman wants her son Charles to take her to the position
Commonwealth leaders are meeting to find out if the Prince Wales will succeed his mother as the governor of the 53 states.
The day after Ezenwa Briten decided that her son Charles will govern the CHOGM in Buckingham Palace.
He said that it was his desire to take his son Charles to the CHOGM one day.
But that position is not what Ezenwa is giving to her child if she dies.
The Commonwealth leaders are expected to decide who will govern them if they meet at Windsor Castle but there is no evidence that it will be announced at the meeting.
It isn't there any other person could win commonwealth?
BBC journalist James Landale said that the position has gone on to shift between the leaders of the Commonwealth.
But, President of Saut Africa Cyril Ramaphosa has canceled his visit to the London meeting to know the cause of the violence in his country.
The attack is being carried out in South Africa where protesters say they are offering jobs, homes and schools.
What is the job of the president of Commonwealth?
The position of the Briten woman in it is very important.
The Division represents twenty-three countries to ensure that Commonwealth's identity is coming to maturity.
This includes connecting these countries through trade and international relations.
The news that will interest you:
Chimamanda said that there was a man who killed him
President will not insult Nigerians
Nigerian youths have thanked Buhari
The head of the travel agency in all countries is in the group, to ensure that the agreement remains firm.
He is the leader of the group that decides who will be their leader.
President Theresa May and President of Canada, Justin Trudeau have endorsed Prince Charles to be president.
What is CHOGM?
CHOGM is the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting in English.
It is a commonwealth summit, held every two years.
The victims of the attack were five hundred and thirty-three Brazilian Presidents and their families, who have spoken to them and journalists.
The year's meeting held in London, where the previous meeting in 2015 was in Valletta in Malta.
The money spent in Imo will not break our pockets- Rochas
Imo state government is saying that the bill is not approved, but they will use N100m to fund it.
Rochas Okorocha and Ogoni King, King Godwin Gininwa
Rochas Okorocha's governorship election will resume in 2019
As the news reports that Imo state government has granted all the workers to complete their work for three million naira, Imo state government explains that it is not their responsibility.
Ebere Iwuji a spokesman for the governor in the media told BBC Igbo on phone that the bill will be paid only one time.
He also said that the money will be used to fund various projects of different communities in Imo state.
Although the news reports that it is Nzewuji's money is worth fifty billion, Nzewuji said that there is no name for any money, because the people living in the country now should pay this tax.
Nzewuji said 'Ego would not enter the Imo state government, it is the entire Community Government Council (CGC) that owns it'.
Nzewuji went on to say that the Imo state government would use millions of naira to support every country that borrowed the money, so as to ensure that it would be borrowed from manufacturing companies and other things the country wants.
It is believed that everyone who wants progress will want to support it, especially when they are involved in the development of the country, Nzewuji said.
Nzewuji went on to explain that no king of the country has been punished for this.
Listen to his story here:
Other news that will interest you:
What happened to Nigerians to give one road in 100 roads
President will not insult Nigerians
The most recent news: Buhari is Nigeria's father
What are the party that will reject APC?
2019 election has flooded as some parties are trying to defeat APC in the 2019 election.
Olusegun Obasanjo
Olusegun Obasanjo declared office in 1999
Many APC senators in the governorship position called APC and senators are angry that Nigeria is trying to leave power from Buhari's party in 2019.
The news reports that many parties could start collaboration in the coming elections to express any victory in the next election.
Participants in the association are the following party: Peoples Democratic Party(PDP), some leaders and All Progressives Congress (APC), Social Democratic Party (SDP), Social Democratic Party, Social Democratic Party,
also the Coalition for Nigeria Movement (CNM) of the former Nigerian President Olusegun Obasanjo.
Obasanjo has started a meeting with Obasanjo
2019 election: Keyamo is the candidate of Buhari
Buhari: I will contest in 2019
APC won in 2015
The former president of Nigeria, military leaders have completed their funerals including the soldier T.Y Danjuma who supports the invasion.
In the words of one who claimed that it was a coup, 'this would not be a change to the APC party.
We do not give INEC the name of change.
The new party will give everyone the opportunity to express his thoughts.'
The house of senate and the senators are supporting the invasion.
PDP ruled Nigeria six years before APC took them to power
In other words, the PDP party is being asked if they will change their name.
The chairman of the party Uche Secondus said that he and his team are fighting for him.
But people are saying that instead of changing names, the PDP party has developed various ways to destroy Nigeria and remove APC from power.
The news that will interest you:
What to pay for Nigerian naira in Imo
The patients who are receiving treatment have been persecuted by health workers
Nigerian youths have thanked Buhari
Suicide destroyed Fada 'Ebube''s church
Suicide bombers attacked the catholic church in Anambra state and injured three people and destroyed three cars.
The youths are praying for death
Suicide is a tradition of the Igbos.
The prayer gathering, 'Iyi Road' in Uke in Idemili Nọt Anambra State attacked the Catholic Church and destroyed more than 30 cars, killing many people, while one of them was believed to have died on Saturday.
The chairman of the church, Father Emmanuel Obimma, known as 'Ebube Mmụonsọ' and other religious figures, and a group of women who were known as 'Ebube Mmụonsọ' and other religious figures, arrived where the youths attacked the youths who went to pray for God on Friday morning.
The counselor Francis Okoye told BBC reporter Francis Okoye that the suicide bombers attacked the venue at about 7pm on the morning and injured more than 100 people and destroyed more than 30 cars.
Aguleri and Igboukwu are not the start of Ndigbo
One man has killed his children in Awada
When things started, we checked their vehicles and checked their vehicles.
They killed many people.
He has a lot of patients who have been taken to the hospital.
We have not knowed if he died or died.
He noticed that the Uke youths made this known to support the gathering because, during the 'Easter', death commences at 10am and the victims were taken to the church after 8am.
They started tracking those who took vehicles to meet people, stealing their money and their phone.
The accident killed many cars at the meeting
The security officers tried to stop them from stealing things but when we saw something happened, we called the police.
They came and killed some of them.
Anambra State police said that the death killed the churchmen in Uke but they said that nobody died.
The spokesman of the police in the state Nkirụ Nwode told BBC that 'we have three deaths, we are investigating what happened there.'
The news stated that this is not the first time the youths of the town are among those who attend the special catholic gathering every Friday which attracts more than 200 people each week.
Residents in the area said that the youths of the community are terrorizing the drivers and the Christians stealing them money and stealing some things.
On the other hand, they arrested the officer of Fada Obimma who caused the killing of the youths and arrested the policemen who killed the youths and summoned them during the civil war.
The youths were accused of terrorizing the students who attend the church each time.
The news that will interest you:
88 children can die in a heart attack
Benue: armed robbers have killed 20 people
What are the party that will reject APC?
Ezeife: Igbos will ask Buhari again
Ezeife and some lawyers have said that encouraging Igbo to support Buhari to win in 2023 is a shame.
Chukwuemeka Ezeife and some Igbo people
Chukwuemeka Ezeife, the Igbo-Ukwu former governor in Anambra State is one of the leaders of Ndigbo and Nigeria
The Igbos have said that the Igbos will contest for President Buhari in the 2019 presidential election as they did in 2015.
They urged the Igbos to know that if they support President Buhari to enter the next governorship election in 2019 and the nomination of the president will be taken to Igbo is a false promise.
In short, many members of the APC including, Minister of Transport Rotimi Amaechi, Secretary General of the Federal Government Boss Mustafa and Vice President of Voice of Nigeria, Osita Okechukwu told Igbos to support Buhari in 2019, to reach their 2023 goals.
2019 Nigerian president - Balarabe Musa
'The Igbos are being killed as soldiers in war'
But some people in the igbo said that the matter was a misdemeanor to get Ndigbo voters, saying that Buhari brought Igbo voters, saying that those like Buhari brought Igbo voters in 2015, and they threatened him in the 2019 election.
In a conversation with the Sun newspaper, a former governor of Anambra State Dr Chukwuemeka Ezeife said: 'It is not clear how it will be done.
We do not think that we should be asking people to contest for president.
I am going to pray God, Who knows that if an Igbo takes office as president, it will be good for Fulani, Yoruba, and also the diverse areas of Nigeria good because we will change the Nigerian economy as it goes on.
'To say 2023 is a shameless matter, everyone is saying it is to insult the Igbos.'
In the same way, the former Ohanaeze Ndigbo, Dozie Ikedife, said that the Igbos have promised to win the presidency without anything previously.
He told the Sun newspaper that: 'We have given the Igbos a lot of promises in recent years, including our residents.
If someone notices you two or three times, then come the fourth, you know what to do.
This land has killed people
Ikedife went on to say : 'What is my priority is how to enforce laws and consultations to get Biafra free and without violence or intimidation.'
Remember in 2015, many Igbos did not contest for Buhari's election which made it clear that he did not give the 95 per cent support and the five per cent he gave, a statement many believed he had fulfilled by his predecessors since he was in office.
The news that will interest you:
The death has destroyed the catholic church in Anambra
Around seventy-seven children can die in a heart attack
Benue: armed robbers have killed 20 people
The kidnapper has attacked a restaurant in America
Police searching a man who attacked eating eaters killed four people while four others injured.
The restaurant where the incident happened
Police found a gun used to attack the compound
The police said that a man has killed four people in a restaurant in Nashville in America
The man entered the restaurant at about 8pm in Antioch and started attacking people
Four others injured the victim before another person eating food while the other kidnapped him with a gun, he was shot dead.
The police have given the name of the man to Travis Reinking twenty-one years old who is from Illinois where they are searching for him.
The news that will interest you
The death has destroyed the catholic church in Anambra
88 children can die in a heart attack
Benue: armed robbers have killed 20 people
Soyinka: Watch water in 2019
Wole Soyinka
The Nobel winner Wole Soyinka has said that good governance has gone on in Nigeria.
Wole Soyinka advised Nigerians to be careful
Wole Soyinka also a well known author has urged Nigerians to heed the warning of the Nigerians to be careful not to let the ruling party lose them again in the 2019 election.
Soyinka, who said this on Wednesday during the commemoration of the late senator Gani Fawehinmi who was held in Lagos, said that Nigeria's country and the democratic government are in trouble now.
He pointed out that Nigerians who are now struggling with the current problems through their policies, have turned themselves again as candidates when the election is coming, and urged Nigerians to reject the old Left to lead the new Left.
Buhari and the leaders of the APC have had a meeting
Wole Soyinka: Be careful for your own self-defense.
He said: 'It is not seen that the president's administration is in trouble.
It is not only a political crisis, our country is in trouble.
I don't think that there is time in every life in the world, especially in this land where everything is connected to this group.
We all see this.
The question is is we see it as a opportunity to continue to do what happened to us in the country and continue to do what happened to us in the country?
It is not a new story the need to create what will lead to reconciliation of Nigeria.
It is a shame that the youths of the former colonial rulers who developed the plan that brought us to our present position were who appeared to show themselves as the creators of Nigeria's future, a country that has a fewer than 200 million people.
Soyinka went on to advise Nigerians to avoid flooding.
The news that will interest you:
The death has destroyed the catholic church in Anambra
88 children can die in a heart attack
Benue: armed robbers have killed 20 people
He shocked me that when it is talking about the creation of Nigeria, one group or two means those who are behind it and the rest.
The people are being told to look into them because they are supposed to be looking into them because they are among those who have joined Nigeria in the current political situation today.
What is the reason why Nigerians will not meet in America?
Nigerian government has spoken to them about what happened to the meeting between Nigerian investors and the ministry in America.
Yemi Osibanjo in Abuja
Yemi Osibanjo is among the names in the book which they wrote is a lecture.
Many Nigerian executives believe that they were in a meeting of the Nigerian Ministry of Information and the United States held in Washington DC noted that it was a ceremony.
The arrival of the government has made people feel confident that Nigeria will not get foreign currency.
The need to go here include the vice president Yemi Osinbajo, the Minister of Finance Kemi Adeosun, the Minister of Agriculture Kemi Adeosun, the Minister of Agriculture Ibe Kwachukwu, the Minister of Agriculture Ibe Kwachukwu, the Minister of Agriculture Audu Ogbeh, the Minister of Agriculture Audu Ogbeh, the Minister of Agriculture Audu Ogbeh, the Minister of Agriculture Ogbonnaya Onu, the Minister of Information Technology Ogbonnaya Onu, the Minister of Communications Ogbonnaya Onu, the Minister of Information Technology Ogbonnaya Onu, Chief Journalist Lai Mohammed, Chief Journalist Kayode Fayemi and Chief Chief Chief Chief Chief Chief Chief Chief Chief Chief Chief Chief Chief Chief Chief Chief Chief Chief Chief Chief Chief Chief Chief Chief Chief Chief Chief
Alcohol and wine have added money
Switzerland has agreed to refund Abacha's debt
One of the things that the government has done is Emir of Kano Sanusi Lamido, who has been a successful executive in Nigeria.
Sanusi's words
Sanusi said that the advocate of investing in Africa, 'we have Nigeria, we have Gana, we have Nigeria, we have Nigeria, we have Nigeria, we have Nigeria, we have Nigeria, we have Rwanda, Kenya and South Africa'.
He went on to say, 'Nigeria can be more than any other country in making money, but he could say, 'I can add 500 dollars in Nigeria, and I add 100 dollars in Ghana, 100 dollars in Nigeria, 100 dollars in Rwanda, 100 dollars in Code Vuwa, to get a boost.'
We went to meet with those who have their money in the country to meet, we had to start at 10am, we then started at 10am.
When I arrived there, they called me to the house of a Nigerian governor.
The attendees of the meeting were there, the vice president was not, the ministers were not, Sanusi said.
Sanusi said that the incident was not good, because it shows that Nigeria is not ready for the matter.
He said, 'You called people to come and see how corruption happens in Nigeria, but you didn't come.
There is no way to identify those who will invest in Nigeria.
If it was the Rwandans who organized the meeting, their president, Kagame would be there telling people to come to Nigeria.
People are involved in this issue on social media.
The user of @SegunAndrews believes in what Sanusi said.
But, the government has said that it is not how they are going.
Laị Mohammed a journalist released a message stating that it is not true that those who should go to the meeting will not go.
Mohammed explains that the executives in the event have not received a certificate of their arrival, or stayed at Washinton DC during the meeting.
He said that the ministry of Agriculture, Electricity and Infrastructure and Financial Services had not received a certificate despite their name in the books they will speak about.
The former president and his wife went to the Commonwealth summit in London.
The minister is responsible for money in Washington DC, but it is for the global financial summit with the IMF.
He went on to say that the ministry of media and culture received a certificate, but he refused to tell the organisers of the investigation that he will not go for any other things he is doing with him.
Lai Mohammed said that 'These things show that the Minister does not want to go to him is a discussion.
'Let Igbo die
Ikeogu Oke won 100 million dollars as a singer in Nigeria in 2017.
The winner of the award as a scholar in Nigeria in 2017 Ikeogu Oke has said that Igbo language will not die if the Igbos call it important.
Ikeogu won 100 million naira as the best poet in Nigeria known as 'Nigerian Prize of Literature' for his book titled “The Heresiad”.
What made the book different is that it was written in Igbo language.
In a conversation with the Igbo BBC, Mr Oke spoke about the security of Igbo language, and who he thought was supposed to be in his hand.
The federal government has announced what will be done with Abacha funds.
Kemi Adeosun the Minister of Finance has stated what the Federal Government will do with Abacha money in Nigeria.
Kemi Adeosun and Christine Lagarde are the president of IMF
Nigerian government has approved the withdrawal of more than three billion naira from Abacha which the Swiss government has borrowed will be done.
Minister of Finance Kemi Adeosun has said that the money will be given to indigenes as President Buhari promised and promised when he takes office.
He said this while advising journalists and the world's largest financial agency, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) in Washington in America.
Adeosun said that the money has been invested in a special fund in the Niajiria Bank called CBN in order to commence development of programmes that will help poor people.
Alcohol and wine have added money
The Senate has called on the president of the high court
In his message, he said that the federal government is hopeful that they create their own plan, which will make Nigeria better.
In his words 'We put these strategies in the production, economy and economy of Nigeria will increase'.
What is Nigeria earning in CHOGM?
Igbo woman has joined Big Brother Naija
Nigerians will not meet in America?
Three things to have more foreign exchange rates
IMF told Nigeria to calculate its foreign exchange rate to be one, while the experts say the failure is in having many.
Naira
EFCC said that Umar wants millions of naira
In order to reduce Nigeria's inflation rate, the IMF has advised Nigeria to balance its inflation rate.
Nigeria has five major changes ; one for foreign investors in Nigeria, one for foreign investors in Nigeria, one for Christian travellers in Saudi Arabia, one for Christian travellers in Saudi Arabia, one for foreign students in the country and one for foreign students.
As economists Pat Utomi and Uche Uwaleke explained to the BBC, having a lot of changes in the economy is a shame.
See some of the challenges of having lots of financial changes:
It causes suicide
Pat Utomi explained that he is doing'someone who gives money in the land has the opportunity to raise money in the land and use it to buy goods in the country and no one can help him.
Not good for business progress.'
Where the amount of Abacha will come
Currency fluctuation: Has the dollar fallen in the corner of Nigeria?
In his remarks, Uche Uwaleke explained the plan, 'As the government's inflation rate is N305, it is borrowed by a person in that rate, he could leave the same amount and give another N365, gain confidence. But if there is one inflation rate, you cannot change it.'
It is a fuel for growth and development in the country.
Uwaleke said that there are many financial changes that make many of them weak.
'The only thing they will do is to make affordable investments, agricultural production.
He is increasing the growth of the country's economy.
Utomi said that 'If people get money from the land to bring their children to school, it will make everyone wants to bring his child to school, the schools in our country will drop yearly.
Saraki and Ekweremadu: what people are saying about their arrest
Ekweremadu 'destroys his wealth'
The peace of Nigeria has been taken to Ekweremadu again
Senators are 109, if 108 people are in Ekweremmadu now, it means that they all are in him.
Remember that the senate council decided today to deploy security personnel to the house of senate chairman Ike Ekweremadu, where they were attacked today.
Ekweremadu was stopped from his house on Tuesday, causing him not to attend the plenary today, where up to 14 senators left APC from PDP.
Uche Anichukwu, the spokesman of Ekweremadu, told Igbo BBC that the EFCC stopped him from his house in Abuja, that he was not DSS as we had earlier reported.
@MrBanksOmishore, the special counsel of Bukola Saraki, wrote a letter sent to Ekweremadu today on Twitter.
In the letter, the EFCC said that they want to investigate Ekweremadu for corruption, abuse of his license to him and money laundering.
After Saraki entered the house of senate and started 'plenary', he said that Ekweremdu has not died, and said he would have been trying to ensure that his administration is not broken.
President Sam Anyanwu said that he met Ekweremadu yesterday, but he did not have a document showing that the police are searching for him.
After the plenary, the legislature decided that security personnel should leave the house of senate president Ike Ekweremadu immediately, so that he can obtain his mandate.
In this morning, Saraki was among the suspects to leave his house.
In other words, the Nigerian president Muhammadu Buhari commended those who went to APC today as he went well.
He said this through his Twitter handle @MBuhari:
The EFCC shut down Ekweremadu's route in Abuja
The video shows where the EFCC suspected Ekweremadu's house:
Catholic priests have been sentenced to death
The Federal High Court has identified those who killed and killed Father John Adeyi by suicide.
The court has passed a law to arrest youths
The Federal High Court in Makurdi, Benue state has ordered the arrest of two persons, Hartuna Idi and Suleiman Gina who were among the suspects and killed Father John Adeyi from their death.
Remember that four persons including Saidu Abdullahi and Aliyu Garba killed Father Adeyi, a Vika-Jenaraal priest inOtukpo Dayosis, Benue state, and burnt his body in a bush near Otukpo in 2016
I went to the victims
Mikel Obi's father has been released from another family.
But after the police arrested them, they stated that they got the family of the priest one million naira and money (N1.7m) as their principal debt but they shot him when they noticed that the villagers tried to bring him to the corpse where they found him.
One of them stated that it was him who shot him, while two of them were told to die today on Wednesday.
In a letter sent to the Daily Post to the Daily Post, they expressed joy and finally, the rescue has reached them.
But they regretted that the decision led to a suicide attack on Adeyi, who was a professor.
Senate has impeached Ekweremadu
Saraki and Ekweremadu: what people are saying about their arrest
APC is paying their corruption bills- Expert
He has a faith in a child that is the father of the world?
What Igbo culture said about breast feeding in the olden days and its objectives now.
In the olden days, Igbo believes that the fathers can make a difference
The arrival of a new child in every house brings great joy to everyone.
But there are some places in Igbo land where a newborn takes the lead of a child might get angry.
The villages like Igbuzo(Ibusa) in Delta state, where children are seen as special.
Who is the father?
Some stories explained that the baby's newborn became a mother because her mother called a man living in this country to give her child.
You would you kill the tigers that were killed in the olden days?
Do you know the prayers of the Igbos in the olden days?
They believe that the mother's head is a symbol of God that they will remember him.
They call the children 'Ezenwa'
They believe that their father is their father.
According to them, a proud father will be a great father that will do well in the world because his father is strong in his side, they are very strong, and that they will be proud of a hero who takes great pride in the war.
But most of the problems come from the leaders.
It takes time to understand your mother's body properly.
Nsọ joined in the morning
Many of these athletes, believe that a baby boy will suffer serious disease or die if the vaccination is in place.
It is a shame to be involved in the killing of the father.
Everyone who did this should give the child money quickly or support the money he borrowed from him.
The ceremony will stop the child from getting sick.
It is almost immediately the mother of the child's breast feeding.
The ritual of lifting a child's head
The news said that it is the babies who steal a child's head.
Now, the famous in the video that many people use their fingers to fight
The child would have spoken, become a talker.
She will ask her what she wants to remove her husband's head.
Everything he wants that day will be given to them.
Uka Kraist
Igbo land is a place where God's faith is true.
This has made many Igbo cultures change.
Nowadays many Igbo youths do not agree that the evil spirit lives in making every child a child a father in the world.
But they were waiting for the kind of child to go to church as the priests prayed for him.
Dr Anthony Mgbolu told Igbo BBC that the father's identity is based on the ethnicity of the family.
What Igbo language explains to young people
The expert in African and English studies at University of Lagos Chiagozie Nnabuihe told BBC Igbo that Igbo land in the olden days had no opinion on the fathers.
Nnabuihe emphasised that if Igbo in the olden days have faith in their father they should give him name.
In his words: 'Dada is a Yoruba name.
The Igbos are saying that they have had a relationship with the Yoruba.'
But is it really a bad thing?
Nnamdi Daniels is a filmmaker
Many people we asked questions said that there is nothing bad in the breast but in the end, many people see the breasts as bad.
Nnamdi Daniels who is a father told Igbo BBC that he was concerned about their abuse and abuse for his daughter.
In his words: 'I took one time I went to the Niger State University.
The security started asking me questions that shocked me for my breast feeding. This caused me a big loss.'
The government has banned Codiene drugs for more than two trillion dollars.
The ministry of health has committed more than two million cases of breast cancer and also looked into other diseases.
Codiene oil
The youths and those who have eaten a bottle of wine have collapsed
The federal government has said that they have removed more than two million drugs from the market in Nigeria.
Minister of Health, Professor Isaac Adewole said this when he briefed his office with concerns that Codiene's problem came to show him his findings.
He also said this is to show that the government is confident that their objective is to prevent violence in Nigeria.
Mmachi Codeine: Diabetes has risen
Nafdac has lifted the ban on Emzor and others
Adewole said that his office and the National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control were involved in the arrest.
Remember that in May this year, the BBC released a video showing the seriousness of breast cancer in Nigeria.
It was when the video appeared that the government said that they would fight diseases and strokes.
Government is saying that they are looking into other drugs that are my weakness.
The news that will interest you
2019 Election: See some Igbo people who want to contest for president
What causes Igbos to leave these churches?
What happened to Igbo people in the bush?
The evil forest is where Igbo are persecuting land but is it a shame that they are killing those who leave this forest?
The flood victims
Igbo believes in different cultures
What is the reason Igbo called a tiger?
Do you know that tigers are still alive in Igbo land?
What is a bush salad?
The expert in Africa and English at the University of Lagos Chiagozie Nnabuihe told BBC Igbo that Igbo is a paradise, not a paradise as many people call it now.
According to Igbo, the evil forest is where they pray for God in the land.
It is also where they are arresting each and every foreigner.
In Igbo land God is the most important, but the spirit is behind it.
Nnabuihe explained that Igbo land was based on the view that the land is the creation of the world.
He has a faith in a child that is the father of the world?
You would you kill the tigers that were killed in the olden days?
The land is evil (evil land is evil)
Igbo believes in the land, knows everything, which means that there is nothing you can do with it.
The flood has remained in Igbo land till now.
The land will kill this person completely.
See the disease that affects those who caused it
Ekpenta (Leprosy)
Another year
Question (Dropsy)
Ibi(hernia)
Nnabuihe explained that that during that period, there was no doctor who would be able to treat these diseases.
Everyone who suffers from this type of disease should explain the damage he caused immediately before death.
If he did not respond to the bad thing he did, they would take him to the evil forest.
Do you know the prayers of the Igbos in the olden days?
What you should not do in the face of a Igbo man
Other things such as having a husband or wife, or having a child with diabetes can make the country a two-state.
The killing of a person is not a bad thing
As Nnabụihe explained, the release of this man was aimed at protecting his children and his family.
Krist's faith is the most abundant in Igbo land
Igbo in the olden days believed that anyone who recognized this person has accepted the grace of the land in his home.
Where is the fire in Igbo land now?
The importance of Mbaise in Imo state
The fire in Okija
The land has collapsed
It is a sacred ceremony.
Arusi Okoja
Igbo native is dead
Nnabuihe said this is the worst thing that is happening now in Igbo land.
He said: 'There are different areas of Igbo land in the Eastern Region for the advent of Christ to the Igbo land, people have destroyed a lot of the evil forests, no one has survived this evil forest'
The news that will interest you
The woman is being chased out on Twitter for her remarks
The new generation of youths are looking into social media.
Ahmed Musa: Al Nasr group has arrested him today
He has accused Musa of going to join Al Nasr but now, he has said that Musa could go to join Al Nasr but now, he has spoken.
Ahmed Musa
One person who thought that he would join a football club, Ahmed Musa.
But now, Musa has defeated Leicester City in the world cup defeated Al Nasr of Saudi Arabia.
Leicester City did not know the amount they took from him from Leicester City but it is reported that he was worth N80 million.
Do you know women who play for Super Eagles?
Super Eagles are now looking like a new couple who wants to play
World Cup 2018: Why Nigerians thank Ahmed Musa
Leicester City first defeated CSKA Moscow in 2016 but it decamped to the position in the 2017 season.
After the world cup, people thought he would go to Galatasaray because the supporters of the club applauded him.
The video above is showing how her new friend said'very much' and accepted her from their group.
As of now, Ahmed Musa has not said anything about the popular issue.
Babatunde Fashola said that Nigeria is fighting against electricity
If what Babatunde Fashola said about the production of electricity is true, it will be a big thing for the Nigerian economy.
Fish
Nigerians are angry because of lack of light
Minister of Energy, Infrastructure and Building Babatunde Fashola said that the electricity produced in Nigeria has risen to 7 million megawatts.
Fashola said this in Kalaba, Kros Riva state yesterday.
The electricity will not be efficient till 2023 - Electricity workers
PHCN should give you three months before flooding - lawyer
Fashola is in the Department where the executives and the executives of the department are meeting.
He said that despite working as a business, his department has maintained the situation of the electricity situation in Nigeria than it was before they started in 2015.
Fashola asked three sections of Buhari's government
Four years ago, the news was that the production of electricity is a major problem in Nigeria.
When the fire workers said that they do not have what they will give to Nigerians.
When then, we were selling 2,690 megawatts to Nigerians, but the news has changed.
We can now have 5,222 megawats, which is the highest since Nigeria emerged.
Now, the production capacity is 7000 megawatts, and maintains 7000.
The problem still exists, but we will say that we are going on.
The news that will interest you:
'Allow your child to eat meat'
The Igbos are praying for God in Kano
Four persons have been arrested in Port Harcourt
How to make your children happy during pregnancy
While investing and not investing, see what you and your children can do during this long period.
Students and Oprah Winfrey
Another time has come when students have special academic weeks because it is long.
Some parents have approved how to take their children to school called 'Summer Lesson' but not all children will like this.
If you do not know who will take their children 'Summer Lesson', see what you can do for them.
Women want government to pay their salaries
The kidnappers have been identified as 4 out of 12 children who were kidnapped in Thailand's military camp
Buhari: Fight against child trafficking
Listen to them how water sounds.
Showers are the way your children can adjust to the water and learn to eat themselves when they enter the water.
It will also allow them to prepare them properly so that they can enjoy good food and eat well.
Listen to them today.
They were prepared for exercises and other exercises.
Listen to them how to play music
Igbo kwenu!
He has more music than ogene?
Mba!
We will teach our children?
Eeeeeee
They wrote the news a long time ago.
Do you know the first day of fire in Igbo land?
Do you know the name of the first man who took a break from him?
You can enjoy this and protect your children.
One way you can do this is to invite them to a live show in Igbo land.
It is a job.
Bring them to a place where they will learn leadership.
This will help them learn skills that can give them food in the future if they do not get jobs at the end of school.
One Generation
In the end, if you are a good traditionalist, this long period is when you can put them in a forest or a group of buildings in your country.
This will help them develop good understanding, understanding and understanding of Igbo culture and wherever it is difficult.
The news that will interest you:
'Allow your child to eat meat'
What happened to Igbo people in the bush?
The woman killed herself, while another woman took Tramadol
Professors have said that it is a crime that has caused many things including new roads in Nigeria.
Edgal Imohimi
The Lagos State Police Commissioner Edgal Imohimi said that they have reduced the violence against badoo group in Ikorodu
The police arrested a woman who stole herself to collect her 15 million naira in Ogun state
Otherwise, a man shot a man where he went to kill people and a gun took him to take Tramadol.
But the experts in human affairs, psychologist and healthcare are saying that such a type of speech is too much fraud and falsehood is the reason behind it.
Mikel Obi's father has been released from another family.
Femi Joseph and his team attacked a drug store which killed his owner but the money took Joseph after receiving Tramadol from the market.
According to the officer, they explained that when they arrived the owner of the drug store shouted and went to the house.
As the spokesman of the police in Ondo state said, But as they did not get what they want, one of them started screaming because of the drug he took.
He died 24 hours after he died.
There was also a bottle of Tramadol in his pocket.
In other words, a woman named Hadijat Kabir and two others including a man and a woman killed by a gang and robbed her of 15 million naira.
The spokesman of the police in Lagos state Imohimi Edgal, said that it was his complaint that they started investigation to find out that he was his wife and the policemen who caused the attack.
A spokesman on human rights and a professor at Ebonyi State University Nnachi Amos said, that it is not the main reason behind such a structure but the evil that is now.
Some are a bad mistake by eating vegetables.'
She is in the Federal Neuro-Pychiatric Hospital in Yaba, Lagos, Chinyere Okonkwo believes in what Amos said.
They are very well prepared.
You see, mining is not a difficult job.
corruption and corruption are much more.
The news that will interest you:
Ozubulu Church Massacre: One year ago
Does a man and a woman have a sexual relationship?
What you should not do in the face of a Igbo man
The patient who took drugs has died after twenty days.
The police in Ondo state has said that a suspect who has not been arrested has died.
Trader of fuel
Doctor BBC answered the question that the victim needs treatment
The spokesman of the police in Ondo Femi Joseph has told reporters that a suspected drug suspect has died according to the News Agency of Nigeria.
Remember that he has been sick since the police arrested him on August 5 where he was given drugs.
Joseph said that the victim worked in a hospital in the state where the English doctors were trying to pay her.
Pregnant should be treated - Doctors
Evans' lawyer has decamped from his trial
What happens to the musician?
In his words, 'The suspect died after the twenty-five days we arrested him.
We hoped that we would arrest him so that he would help us in our investigation, but he died yesterday.'
This could be from the medicine he took.
We use this opportunity to advise parents to understand their relationship.'
The news stated that the suspect went to kill a drug trader but the suspect hit a gun.
He and his team successfully rescued a man named Daudu Wale, where he went to buy drugs where he was killed one of them.
The news that will interest you:
What will you tell Nnamdi Kanu if you meet him on the road?
a new girl was arrested in Onitsha today
Buhari and Osinbajo will meet in 2019?
Five jobs you can start with N10,000
The statement he made raised a lot of questions among those who are speaking in Nigeria and the federal government.
Other interesting story is the story of a Igbo woman named Mama Boko Haram.
Aisha Wakil told Igbo BBC how she kidnapped children of Boko Haram today
The famous news that Nigeria birthed three children after thirty years of age, brings joy to Igbo and Nigerians.
Abaribe's words about corruption in 2018
The world cup also attracted Igbo people.
World Cup: Ezi 'looking ahead' has said that Super Eagles will win the final
Also in it is the story of the killing of one hundred and thirty Ipob women in Owere.
The women are in the church today.
Our women do not respect any law-Prof Ipob
The IPOB women have been arrested in Owere
Heavy rainfall in Igbo land in 2018
The news fueled the fight against IVF.
Five women from Regina Pacis school in Onitsha applauded the Igbos when they won Technovation 2018 by being a champion in the world.
The news that will interest you:
Three Eke will commence on Jan. 1 - Nigerian military
Green Revolution: what Shagari created Nigerians
How to prevent violence in the event
Second Niger Bridge as a woman's promise
Igbo Tradition: Why women are raped in Igbo land
Many times as people ask why a woman is raped in some parts of Igbo land, this report explained it.
a man and a woman clash
Igbo does not accept a man and a woman to live without sex
Reports are circulating about some youths or women who believed in themselves, and agreed to marriage as a couple, but they did not make marriage as a couple as they should.
However, there are often tragic incidents in this situation, especially a woman living in a house where the man dies without any ceremony or ritual.
The name of a woman in Igbo land
Five things that matter to women
Does it be a religion that will stop in Igbo land?
As it is, this is being taken into account by different families.
Because of this situation, some communities in Igbo land, made it a law that a man will leave his wife and her child in prison, which he does not do when he is alive.
What happened to breast feeding a woman in the corpse:
In Igbo land, it is not believed that a man has killed a woman, if he has not done anything in his head.
If he did the case of the court, it is expected that he will come to do as the parents want.
According to a historian, Nze Olueze Ụkaejuoha (Duruagwụ Second) in Umuakara, Isu, Nwangele of Imo state told BBC Igbo, the law is very good in their country, and has various threats to it.
a person who is not living in life, he dies in death, is the way many communities do.
But in Akọkwa, also in Imo state, the plan does not sell anymore, while the mother's family comes and take her child to their home.
How to feed a woman in the breasts:
The person will come and tell the children that their child has fever (it will not be allowed to tell them that she has died).
They will take him to visit their baby, when they saw her body, they will accuse the man of killing their baby, which will make him laugh at him.
In order to show that he did not kill him he would agree to take the corpse of the woman.
He will come and kill him
He will always remember the parents of his children who have died and his wife has died
The man will continue to perform his wedding ceremony.
What will happen to a woman who wants to be pregnant:
According to Nze Ụkaejuọha, these are what will happen to a woman who does not have her head in the wake:
The person will get justice through different ways.
The bad things also happen to that person
What can't be done by this individual is not good for this individual.
The person may also die of death
But the person can shift, however, if all the evil things started to distract him.
What the person will do if he adjusts
If the man listened and then refused to move because of his weakness, these things will be done:
The person will advise the youths of their community to come and make the land shine.
He will be given justice by ensureing that he completed all the things he needs to do in two hundred steps.
Nigeria 2019 elections: The winners of the presidency – Muhammadu Buhari
Nigerian President Muhammadu Buhari is contesting for the second time as President of the party.
President Muhammadu Buhari
President Muhammadu Buhari is waiting for the nomination to be the fourth president of Nigeria.
He came to power in December 1983 (1984) when the Nigerian military took power, but some of his loyalists defeated Buhari in 1985.
BBC meeting is going on now
Buhari resigned from the ruling party in 2015, following his efforts to win the third term.
As when he was a soldier, Buhari had no name about the rights of a person.
Although still in the leadership of Buhari's leadership, many people are angry that Buhari does not leave them as the court says.
The 76-year-old man obtained a job in 2015, and promised to fight against corruption and corruption, as well as boost Nigeria's economy.
Four years are coming to an end but many people don't think what he did appears to be seen.
He promised to defeat the Boko Haram in the fight against those who wanted to divide the Eastern Region of Nigeria, but recently, the armed forces who are trying to divide the Eastern Region of Nigeria have responded to Buhari's desire to leave the area.
The spokesmen believe that Buhari will fight against a party that is not in the leadership of the PDP — Atiku Abubakar who is also a political activist and also from Eastern Nigeria as Buhari.
Buhari who joined the All Progressives Congress (APC) is known as the dominant leader in the ruling party in Nigeria, despite many people see his ruling party as a sign of corruption.
The news that will interest you:
It is too late for 'Egwu Eke II' to reach Nnamdi Kanu- Buratai
I am not ready for corruption in the 2019 election'- Atiku
Nigeria Election 2019: Candidates and their vice
Do you know the six leading persons in the 2019 presidential election?
BBC will take them to death
Candidates to contest for president
See six people contesting for the presidency among the most famous names and their vices:
As the Nigerian electoral commission (INEC) issued a report showing that over 70 million people contest for the 2019 presidency, BBC Igbo wants to show you who are the best names.
The support for the election in the East has burnt
I will not be like Tinubu to tell people who they will contribute
Peter Obi will not give you money but he will support every good job.
In the six persons and their vices, there are three women among them; one is the president while the other is the vice.
Muhammadu Buhari and Yemi Osinbajo
Buhari and Osinbajo have governed Nigeria since 2015 under the All Progressives Congress (APC) party.
Who is Muhammadu Buhari?
she was born on December 12, 1942
He has ruled Nigeria two times; as a soldier and a criminal.
He took the post of president three times (2003, 2007 and 2011) before he was elected in 2015
In the same way he is the president, he is also the minister of fuel produced in the country.
Who is Yemi Osinbajo?
she was born on March 7, 1957
He is a priest in the Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG)
He won the post of President Buhari in 2015
He is also a lawyer.
2) Atiku Abubakar and Peter Obi
Atiku and Obi are contesting for the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the 2019 election.
Who is Atiku Abubakar?
She was born on November 16, 1946
He was the vice president from 1999 to 2007
He has served as the vice president twice; in 2007 under AC and 2018 under PDP
He is a trader who has many different business
Who is Peter Obi?
She was born on 29th of July 1961
He was elected governor of Anambra state under the APGA party in 2003 but he did not appear in court till March 2006 when he won in court, but was later arrested in November 2006.
He resigned from his office in February 2007, and returned on May when Andy Uba won him, but the court ordered him to remain for four years.
He was taken to the throne as Anambra governor in 2014 after he resigned two times.
He is a specialist in finance.
3) Oby Ezekwesili and AbdulGaniyu Galadima
Galadima is also the chairman of the Allied Congress Party of Nigeria (ACPN) who wants to contest for the presidency.
Who is Oby Ezekwesili?
she was born on twenty-seventh of April 1963
He is the Minister of land damage from 2005 to 2006 and of education from 2006 to 2007
He joined Bring Back Our Girls (BBOG) group that cares for Chibok children since 2014
He wins, she will be the first woman to become president in Nigeria
Who is Ganiyu Galadima?
she was born on June 16, 1964
He studied at Kwara State University where he later became one of the leaders of the school.
He was the first person to contest for the president under ACPN in 2015.
He is a trader
Kingsley Moghalu and Umma Getso
Moghalu and Getso are contesting for the Young Progressive Party (YPP)
Who is Kingsley Moghalu?
she was born on May 7, 1963
This is the first time he represents Nigerian politics.
He studied law and obtained a degree as a judge in the university.
He is also a specialist in environmental protection.
He was registered as directon in the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) in English.
Who is Umma Getso?
she was born in 1981
He is the vice president of YPP party
He is a money smuggler, and also a serious advocate on the issue of women's rights.
Omoyele Sowore and Rabiu Ahmed Rufai
Sowore and Rufai are contesting for African Action Congress (AAC)
Who is Omoyele Sowore?
she was born on Feb. 1, 1971
He is a lawyer who is a lawyer.
She started her while she was in the university.
He founded the Sahara Reporters office.
He joined the AAC party in August 2018
Who is Rabiu Ahmed Rufai?
she was born on July 7, 1976
It is a doctor or doctor who is a specialist in health.
He took a lecture at Bayero University in Kano
Fela Durotoye and Khadijah Abdullahi-Iya
Durotoye and Abdullahi-Iya are governing under Alliance for New Nigeria (ANN)
Who is Fela Durotoye?
she was born on May 22, 1971
He went to Obafemi Awolowo University in Ile-Ife
He is a person who teaches people how to buy money, and also a person who teaches people how to buy money.
He is contesting for the presidency under the party Alliance for New Nigeria (ANN)
Who is Khadijah Abdullahi-Iya?
He was the founder of Women Community of Africa (WCA) and 'Rags to Riches (R2R)'
He is also a lawmaker
What person will you join?
Imo Election Results: Seven things that led to Uche Nwosu's victory
Only Uche Nwosu came to the BBC debate on the governorship position in Owere Imo state.
Igbo came to Owere when BBC Igbo held a meeting with the governorship aspirants in Imo state but it was a surprise to Imo people that only one of the four people wanted BBC Igbo to come to the meeting was coming.
APC spokesman in Imo state has arrested Uche Nwosu
Imo APC Primaries: Uche Nwosu is appointed as the candidate to contest for Imo governorship election
These who followed the Imo youths were Emeka thedioha PDP, Hope Uzodimma of APC and Ifeanyi Ararume of APGA.
The Igbo BBC spokesman, Adline Okere said that it was Ararume who told him that he could not come because he was busy casting his votes.
The ceremony started with a few minutes of silence.
In the meeting immediately after the meeting, Uche Nwosu promised to pay N30m as a minimum wage if the federal government accepts it.
Nwosu also went on to say that his party has no candidate to contest for President Muhammau Buhari.
Other thing he said is; 'There is nothing in my manifesto I will not do.'
Seven things Uche Nwosu said:
Uche Nwosu from APC joined AA to contest for governorship election in Owere Imo state
Nwosu stated what he will do to Imo state if he won the governorship election in March 2019.
Buhari for President: 'One AA can kill Uche Nwosu'
It is not true that Action Alliance did not stop Nwosu - Obidiche
Listen to what he did in a minute and minute:
I will get a certificate from a church gathering.
I will make health free for children, pregnant women and elderly people.
I will help the youths come to work.
I know what I believe in politics.
I will commend the killings of those who have killed Imo people
I will pay a total of three million naira if the federal government announces it
I will look into the cost of healthcare.
The news that will interest you:
Uzodimma, Ihedioha and Ararume did not attend BBC Igbo meeting
Atiku came to America he has questions he will answer us-Lai Mohammed
What Nigerians are saying about Atiku's visit to America
Atiku: Abuja flooded as Atiku went to America
The news about Atiku Abubakar's victory, Guinness wine maker fire, President Buhari and the political economy, Onnoghen's story, Mexico crash and others are among others.
Important foods:
The PDP and those who are interested in Atiku Abubakar's activities went to the Nnamdi Azikiwe airport in Abuja to welcome Abubakar, who went to America.
Atiku and the President of Nigeria Bukola Saraki went for two days to the country where as Atiku explained, he had a two day visit to the country where as Atiku explained, he had a meeting with the federal government and the financial officers.
Atiku will participate in the election that will be held on Saturday in Abuja.
The fire burnt at Guinness's Guinness liquefied liquefied liquefied liquefied liquefied liquefied liquefied liquefied liquefied liquefied liquefied liquefied liquefied liquefied liquefied liquefied liquefied liquefied liquefied liquefied liquefied liquefied liquefied liquefied liquefied liquefied wine.
The fire burnt the Guinness manufacturing plant in Osisioma Industrial Layout, Aba, Abia state on Friday.
The fire that lasted for six hours was caused by the fire workers, as well as other contractors, police and the community helped to rescue it.
The Guiness spokesman Nike Ọnakoya told Igbo BBC that the fire has not killed the person because it has done a lot.
He also said that the production of their wine is being sold in their shops in Benin and Ogba, Lagos Breweries.
There was no tragedy or serious damage from the incident as Aba's collapse was due to corruption and killed only few workers.
Where we made the manufacturing facility was in Benini and Ogba (Lagos).
It is a fake news that they want to release Onnoghen
Femi Adesina was a well known journalist before working in the president's office.
The president's office has said that the news that the government wants to release the supreme judge of Nigeria, Mr Onnoghen is false.
The spokesman of Muhammadu Buhari's lawyer Femi Adesina stated on his Facebook page that the 'fake news' was filed against the Coalition of United Political Parties (CUPP).
Donald Trump: progress has been made in the fight against North Korea's nuclear weapons
US government shut down last week because the senate did not support their election.
America's president Donald Trump has said that there has been progress in the fight against nuclear weapons in North Korea.
He said it was different from what the youths said that it was not given a way to go and it was not given a way to go.
Liverpool and Crystal Palace defeated him
In sports,
Liverpool defeated Crystal Palace with three goals against two in Saturday's premier league match.
Government will sell their wealth to those who are involved in crime
President Muhammadu Buhari has said that his government will pay millions of dollars spent on corruption and fraud.
Buhari said this in Kaduna where he went to hear the vote yesterday.
He said that the mistake was because he did not want to do what he said in 1985, is to refund these people's income.
The Nigerian House of Representatives have started their journey to arrest Onnoghen
The news reports that the Federal Government has appealed to Code of Conduct Court to remove Justice Walter Onnoghen from his position as the Supreme Court of Nigeria and the head of the National Judicial Council.
The recipient of their name added to the CCT is the Nigerian King Abubakar Malami
In abroad
Around two million people have died in Mexico because of flooding a truck.
Others injured in the incident in Hidalgo state in Mexico.
In sports
When Lobi Stars and Heartland FC defeated Lobi Stars and Heartland FC
Lobi Stars of Nigeria will meet Asec Mimosas of Ivory Coast today in Abidjan in the second round of CAF Champions League.
Lobi scored four goals to one in the first match against Mamolodi Sundowns in Enugu.
Listen to these minutes here:
See today's movie:
Obasanjo: 'We want a fully elected president and fully elected'
The Nigerian president, Olusegun Obasanjo has stated a lot of interesting things about how Nigeria is now and what he wants Nigerians to do about it.
Obasanjo
Olusegun Obasanjo has said that he does not think that Inec will hold a fair election in the next month.
If they want to contest without delay, the current leadership will not give them opportunities.
Obasanjo has started a meeting with Obasanjo
The government has been elected in 2019 - Obasanjo
Obasanjo said this while lecturing the papers he wrote called 'Points for concern and action' at his school in Abeokuta.
He said that what Nigeria wants now is a genuine leader and able to build a nation.
Obasanjo said that Nigerians should remember little things Buhari has done to them since he was in office.
In his words, 'Buhari took us first, we would be popular or we would want him to attack us again.'
He joined Buhari's administration with the military command of Nigeria named Sanni Abacha when he was alive as president.
The news that will interest you:
My mother died because of money not to give her a heart'
Do you know Igbo language well?
Day 28: Do you know the number of parties in Nigeria?
#BBCNigeria2019
Atiku came to America he has questions he will answer us-Lai Mohammed
Olusegun Obasanjo: What Atiku did to Buhari
Obasanjo told BBC that he knew what Buhari has done and knew that Atiku is a good match.
In a conversation with BBC Yoruba with, the Nigerian President Olusegun Obasanjo spoke about the current vice and 2019 presidential candidate, Atiku Abubakar.
He said that his request is now that he will take Atiku to Buhari because of what Buhari has done.
The winners among them are one of the APC and the PDP.
From what I heard from Buhari- nothing but a job, weakness, weakness, weakness, weakness, weakness, weakness, weakness, weakness, weakness, weakness, weakness, weakness of mind and everything else to Atiku.
Atiku will take two more matches than Buhari.
He also spoke for Boko Haram and the Independence National Electoral Commission (INEC).
Obasanjo explained that he agreed with President Muhammadu Buhari and Atiku, which is why he raped to support the youths of the 73 Nigerian senators.
He also said what happened before the military attacked Odi town in 1999, when about 2500 people of the town died by the soldiers.
The meeting will be expected on the 22nd of January 2019.
Residents also say that people are not supposed to take drugs because they do not have their money to go to hospitals.
According to Oriuiakhi, 'this is the kind of evil that some people do against the anti-biotic drugs that make some of these drugs dead.'
Five things you don't know about diabetes
He said that some who go to Kemist, took illegal drugs from the doctors.
This will mean that when they took the drug, it will not work in their body.
He also said that this is a serious problem with health services.
What will be done to make the anti-malaria drug work as it should?
It should be given a good education on how to take preventive drugs.
Only when doctor has given people these medications is when it should be taken.
Nutrition: High blood pressure is not in your baby's health
Consumers of anti-malaria drugs should not take a person if he has not written his doctor's letter.
'There should be a culture and sensitisation check before giving a drug.
The person who does not go to hospital will be investigated so that he should be treated properly.
The health workers should explain to people the need to know how to take preventive drugs.
The news that will interest you
There is no money to fund Imo state governorship.
The closure of Nigeria's Central Bank and what it means
What will happen and stop using a bottle of rice?
Nigeria Vs Ukraine: Flying Eagles have tried to be 'the best' to go.
Nigerians attacked Tijani Mohammed as Naijira defeated in their match against Ukraine on Thursday.
Ademola Olajire
The Flying Eagles scored a fortune in their match in Ukraine
Nigeria and Ukraine scored one goal in the U20 World Cup match between Nigeria and Ukraine on Thursday.
But Nigerians are not happy as Flying Eagle players have thrown their 'band' from the stadium as they went for a year.
Youths of Naijjiria were angry that Tijani Mohammed of Flying Eagle took advantage of Nigeria's victory in the cup.
Tijani scored a penalty, the Ukraine goalkeeper remembered him after a few minutes before the final.
This happened as Danylo Sikan of Ukraine scored their first goal.
But Tijani took the time to score another goal in the 47th minuite of the match.
Many Nigerians expressed their anger at the sight of Tijani.
See what some said:
@10Qmedia said that Tijani Muhammed is the most popular player in Nigerian football.
@vic_MLS lamented that Tijani lost the chance to the match.
@rappatek said that the Flying Eagles coach tried to beat Tijani early.
@SSnetwork said that they did not play football
Jane Ada: I use the language of Ndigbo to show the world's identity.
Jane Ada a Igbo who lives in America explained how she learned some Igbo people in Igbo land.
Jane Ada who is a lawyer said that it is through manipulation that he explained some of the things he knows about the Igbos.
Jane completed a secondary school in Enugu before going to work said that she did not know when it started but that it was God who gave her the special gift.
The projects he has committed include Amadioha and Ala, two well known projects in Igbo land.
Listen to how he did this and his objectives on Igbo language and language.
The journalists: Chioma Nkemdilim and Nnamdi Agbanelo
Women's World Cup 2019: Super Falcons beat Super Eagles
Some women athletes have explained some of the problems of women's football in Nigeria.
The players in sports are also women who have said that Super Falcons of Nigeria are playing better than their male counterparts.
They said despite this that people mostly women were not interested in women's football in Nigeria and Africa.
They went on to say that the government is not investing money in women's soccer as they do in women's soccer despite the fact that women are more involved than men.
These are the reasons why there is no news about the different women's competition in Nigeria.
Nigeria vs Norway: Nigeria has defeated France today
Norway has scored three goals to the Super Falcons in the women's world cup in France.
Norway and Nigeria in the world cup of nations in France
Norway has scored three goals for Nigeria in the women's world cup which started in France today.
Norway women played like a man while the Nigerians played like a man while the Nigerians played like a woman until they went to school.
France won Super Falcon
What is the reason women's football does not interest you?
Norway's first goal was scored by Reiten at 17 minutes (17') while the second was scored at 34 minutes by Utland.
The Nigerian sensation was shown in Ohale's face which made Nigeria score the third goal in 37 minutes (37').
As this happened, Nigeria also received a medal from Francisca Ordega and Desire Oparanozie who took the award at 13th minuite.
Norway scored three goals against Nigeria when I defeated Nigeria when I defeated the competition.
On Saturday, the Women's World Cup came to light in France which was hosted by Nigeria and 24 other countries.
Nigeria won the first round of the competition at the Auguste Delaune Stadium in France.
Nigeria and South Korea will meet on Wednesday at the Stade des Alpes, Grenoble.
Spain has scored three goals against South Africa in the market.
The news that will interest you
The high court in Abuja has developed another AIT
NBC has removed AIT, Ray Power's Broadcasting License
What is the reason women's football does not interest you?
Nigeria vs South Korea: Falcons have defeated the Falcons
The Nigerian Falcons have scored two goals against South Korea.
Oshaola of Nigeria
France's football team has defeated now as the Nigerian Falcons defeated Nigeria
Nigeria's first goal came from South Korea when Kim Do-yeon scored a goal on their side in 29th minuite.
This happened when VAR started investigating before receiving the goal.
Asisat Oshoala showed that South Korea players in Nigeria did not attend children's games in 75th minuite.
Nigeria vs Norway: Norway has defeated Nigeria
He scored a goal and Nigeria won the match.
Finally, Nigeria won the match as Norway defeated them in their first match.
George Weah has met Buhari in Abuja
President of Liberia, George Weah came to meet President Muhammadu Buhari on Thursday in the office of the government in Abuja.
Weah came to meet Buhari
George Weah and Muhammadu Buhari
President of Liberia, George Weah came to meet President Muhammadu Buhari on Thursday in the office of the government in Abuja.
As a spokesman on the social media issued by the president on Twitter, the two presidents had a discussion on the relationship between the two countries as it affected security and economy.
Chiji Collins has been elected as the governor of Imo state.
The new governors of Imo state have arrested Maazi Chiji Collins as their spokesman.
The woman, who represents the Mbano Local Government Area of the state, is representing the Local Government Area of the state.
He was elected without anyone to know him.
This is the second time he is in the house of senate as he was first elected in 2015.
The Uloomeiwu also elected Okechukwu Onyekanma, who represents the National Assembly of the state as his vice.
The governor has released a woman from Ekiti
The city of Ilasa Ekiti in Ekiti state is in trouble now because of the death of a woman who was accused of killing her.
The officer who has not been identified as the suspect shot the girl on the road where she went to drink water and killed herself on Tuesday.
The man has fired a woman and his family for calling her friend
a man has killed his wife for murder
The governor of the town Ajayi Omolagba said that the former governor had first committed suicide through his family as the law of Fulani.
But the family of the girl decided to invite her to a man who caused her to kill the girl.
The police in Ekiti state said that this happened, that they have arrested the man through their arrest.
The fire burnt shops in Port Harcourt
River State government has confirmed the fire in Port Harcourt Shopping Mall.
The state secretary Tammy Danagogo told the officer that they would inaugurate the market so that people started trading today.
The governor of Katsina has been arrested
The military has killed many people in Benue and other states in Nigeria
The news reaching us is that the dead have captured one man in Garin Labo in Katsina state.
The king was in his farm when the soldiers went to fight.
In abroad
The news has come out that the Mexico's president, Andres Obrador has stated that he would buy a president's aircraft to fight against his people to flee the United States.
Obrador said that he will travel publicly to ensure that he fulfilled his promises for America's country that wants their people.
In sports, Enyimba FC won the award as the best African team in 2003
In sports, Enyimba has defeated Nigeria Premier league with three goals against Akwa United yesterday.
Enyimba scored 20 goals in five matches, while Reuben Bala, Stanley Dimgba and Abdulrahman Bashir scored Enyimba.
Listen to these news here:
Child trafficking: Police have arrested kidnappers in Imo State
Police in Imo said Immaculata Edward captured and kidnapped 5 children from a family in Ngọr Akpala in the state.
The suspects arrested the children
The 'Operation Puff Adder' Unit of Imo State Police has arrested a person whose main duty is to kidnapper children.
In the 24th of Epurel, 2019, Immaculata Edward said that she 31 years old from Okondo village in Cros Riva State took five children who were given to a man named Ifara Isong in Ngor Okpala in Imo State.
NAPTIP has arrested child trafficking suspects
The kidnapper has been arrested because of child trafficking
Immaculata took the five children of her friend who were their parents who told her to care for them.
The children are parents including; Somto Eke, a six-year-old woman, Kelechi Ekeh, a five-year-old man
Others are Chisom Ekeh, a three-year-old woman, Ebuka Enwerem, a three-year-old woman, Chioma Enwerem, a five-year-old woman and Lucky Ida, a six-year-old man.
Children have returned to their families
Immaculata took them to a notorious suspect in the kidnapped children, Perpetual Iwuji from Obokwu Ulakwo, Imo State.
Perpetual called the two children and handed them to Grace Nwachukwu from Aboh Mbaise and resided in Mpape Abuja.
Immaculata also raised two children who were his aunts from Cross River State and took them to Ifeoma Ndubuisi from Lokpanta Abia State.
The child was born with his parents
Through investigation by the police, all children were kidnapped and taken to their families.
In the study, five children were rescued by Perpetual Iwuji and taken them to a school where children are supervised.
The suspects in this picture include Perpetual Iwuji, Isong Ifara, Immaculata Edward, Grace Nwachukwu, Ifeoma Ndubuisi and Stephen Ezenwa.
The kidnapping of children is not known for in the Eastern Region of Nigeria.
The news that will interest you:
There is nothing like President Igbo- Okorocha
Why is a woman who is not happy?
Rochas Okorocha has committed to serving as Nigerian President
AFCON 2019: Results and Results
This will lead to the African Cup of Nations which will commence on 29th of June in Ijipt.
Africa's cup
Inec Server: 'We have gathered all the card reader numbers together on a computer'
Inec said that all names listed in the 2019 election were on their computer.
Festus Okoye and Emeka Unachukwu
Inec spokesman Festus Okoye has stated that the company has no Server which gave them the opportunity to remove the 2019 election results.
Okoye said that Nigeria's laws did not give them the opportunity to do the same.
Garba Court has taken office in Atiku and Buhari's case
The House has said to go ahead for the 2019 election.
In his words, 'Nigeria's Constitution allows the cancellation of all elections held in the EC8A form of a separate chamber where they will be separated from each other.'
Nigeria's way of doing this election is not to use a polling platform to send any information.
'Collation Officers' as it is their job to take these documents to the appropriate place.
There is no time we use a polling device to announce the results of the election.
Okoye said that their names in the papers for the 2019 election were on the computer, and given all party members the names.
Not using 'Incident Form' will stop corruption in the election
He stated that 'it is only when using a cylinder to collect the votes, it is only when using a cylinder to collect the votes'.
He said that he did not know the results of the 2019 election.
In the same way, BBC also asked a famous journalist, Emeka Unachukwu what is'server'?
Unachukwu said that 'Server' is a committee that combines other committee's recommendations with other committee's recommendations.
He said that Inec could say that they do not have'server' because there is another company that has blocked them but it is not true that they do not have'server'.
He said that Intanet has a'server' where many people send their messages.
Unachukwu said that 'Inec would not say that they have no source because they have a place where they collect the data.
They can call this 'data base' but what it is is'source' because the document is a source for those who could send a letter or send a letter to it'.
He said that the new Inec is missing a server.
They are calling people to come and buy PVC they are ready for election.
Unachukwu said that if the votes were taken from him, the Inec would put it on the server.
But they may say that they have not added the 2019'server' that showed that they have not added the 2019'server' that showed that they have not done their job.
The news that will interest you
How to prevent HIV from transmitting your child to HIV
Does the Igbos take part in Nigeria's leadership?
Payment of two months in a month - Abia youths
See our video
World Blood Donor Day 2019: What people think about blood donation
As today is the day of breast feeding BBC Igbo went to ask people what they think about breast feeding.
Today is the World Blood Donor Day 2019, which is called 'World Blood Donor Day 2019'.
BBC Igbo Questioned people about breast feeding and the smells they hear about it.
Listen to them.
diet and dementia: How to use chocolate as a supplement to fight breast cancer
Listen to this article to learn how to use good food to boost your breasts.
Crops and vegetables were specially prepared to eat healthy.
Learn about healthy diet to give you long life and health.
Does you know seven foods that can help you with breast cancer?
Fourty-five million people in the world are in a global crisis which causes chaos and academic challenges, including up to 100 million people receiving this disease yearly (WHO).
Although it was found that victory contributed to healthy living, but there was no knowledge and support for it.
'Red wine, Kafi, and Chocolate and 'Champagne' have been known as a sacred wine for health issues.
But, is there a truth in these things?
Listen to what Sheila Dillon, a BBC journalist, discovered when she asked students about the issue.
According to you, these foods help for your health:
The food that comes from the water is coming from the water
Healthy protein, rich in fats and contained in Omega Fatty Acids.
The consumption of vegetables once or once in the fridge is very important for the babies.
'vine' and other vegetables are similar to it.
Bring a bottle of vinegar to your body
The fruits such as strawberries and blueberries have a negative effect on the beginning of the fruit harvest.
Opupa and rice are different
Various types of vegetables provide strength and hygiene for all types of vegetables.
The eater of 30mg of various foods, rice, rice, fried rice, fried rice, fried rice, fried rice, fried rice, fried rice, fried rice, fried rice, fried rice, fried rice, fried rice, fried rice, fried rice, fried rice, fried rice, fried rice, fried rice, fried rice, fried rice, fried rice, fried rice, fried rice, fried rice, fried rice, fried rice, fried rice, fried rice, fried rice, fried rice, fried rice, fried rice, fried rice, fried rice, fried rice, fried rice, fried rice and
Bread
Juice gives blood and protects all breasts
He said that food and other foods are healthy, the person knows what he is saying.
Vitamin B
Vitamin B : he was played a musician
The number of people with basic challenges given to Victorin B showed a good understanding of the basic challenges.
You are eating every bottle of kolanut?
As we thank the Nigerians of Olmec-Mexico for showing the world the benefits of kolanut.
Kolanut is good for breast feeding and maintains healthy breast feeding.
But remember to avoid drinking kolanut which has diabetes.
Ubebekee
You can get all types of vegetables all over the world.
What contributed to making the English popular in the world is because it helps for a better life.
Now are you interested?
The foods that are not enough to get and have other foods that can change what you do not know in your body.
But also, remember, these foods are not good for your health, they are treating your body so as to make sure you are happy!
This episode is a re-write of 'Diet and Dementia', a special edition by BBC's The Food Programme.
Mikel Obi: What did I do or not do in AFCON?
The coach of Super Eagles has confirmed that it was a win for them in AFCON 2019.
Mikel Obi
President of the Nigerian Football Federation - Mikel Obi
Mikel Obi who will lead the Nigerian Super Eagles to Ijipt for the 2019 African Cup of Nations competition called AFCON 2019 has said that he is not going to play because he is not going to play because his winning and winning the African Cup of Nations is weak.
He has spent six years Mikel Obi winning the African Cup of Nations.
Then it was when Nigeria won in South Africa
Mikel will not go for a match in Poland
Mikel Obi is not good for Mikel Obi
Mikel Obi's father has been released from another family.
Another time Mikel played in Africa was in 2006 and 2010 when the Super Eagles defeated the third team.
In this AFCON season, Mikel will lead the young children to qualify for this year's competition in Ijipt.
Mikel said: 'Even though the Eagles now are not old enough to meet African countries like it, the competition will give players like Samuel (Godfather) and Paul (Onuachu) a chance to demonstrate their talents.
I also hope that we will go and throw a flag.'
Super Eagles team
He also said it was very exciting how the Super Eagles were struggling despite their poor performance in the Iko Mba Uwa competition.
Mikel agreed that the match would be difficult but he believed that the support and support of the Super Eagles will help them win the match.
Remember that Mikel Obi defeated Nigeria first in 2005 when Super Eagles and Libya joined.
Mikel said the match could be his second in Super Eagles uniform.
He said; 'whatever it is, I will try to be happy.'
Ukraine and U20 world cup: South Korea has won the world cup
Ukraine has defeated South Korea with three goals to one in the world cup.
Ukraine vs South Korea
Russia's soccer team has scored three goals to one against South Korea and defeated the world cup of nations in Poland today.
The win came after South Korea players scored a penalty in the morning's match in five minutes which Lee Kang-in scored them with a goal.
Flying Eagles have defeated the Eagles
Nigeria has defeated in AFCON U20 competition
But Ukraine told South Korea that they were not happy a month after Vladyslav Supriaga scored the goal in 30 minutes.
Vladyslav Supriaga said that it was not a bad day when he scored his second goal in the match against South Korea.
The Korea also played a lot of times but Ukraine told them that long was not my baby's child when they scored three goals by Giorgi Tsitaishvili in 90 minutes.
The match between South Korea and South Korea
The world defeated South Korea when heavy fighting took place at the end of the match.
This is the first time Ukraine is attacking the world cup after England took it two years ago.
The news that will interest you
What did I do or not do in AFCON? - Mikel Obi
The Supreme Court has impeached Chimaroke again
They want to have good leadership.
Igbo women wear good uniforms everywhere.
Igbo women are looking for courageous women
Whatever a man contributes to it, a Igbo woman will support it.
They want to take part in any job, they don't want to be lazy.
All she wants to do, she will do it well.
The news that will interest you:
INEC believes in card reader
China has impeached Xi from death
Rwanda: Fear has killed churches
Dapchi children: fighting has started between Buhari and Jonathan
The tension has risen between Buhari and Jonathan over the killing of Dapchi students in the Eastern part of Nigeria.
Buhari started travelling to various cities in Nigeria including Taraba, Plateau, Benue before travelling to Yobe.
President Mohammadu Buhari said that he was like the previous president, Goodluck Jonathan, looking into children's education.
He said this yesterday when he made a visit to Dapchi town of Yobe State, where the children were kidnapped last month.
He accused Jonathan's administration of persecuting Chibok students when they were kidnapped in 2014, and said that it was unthinkable.
Some of the students were kidnapped
But Buhari's statement has prompted different reactions from many people.
The spokesman of Bring Back Our Girls, Sesugh Akume has said that the president has not planned.
Akume said, 'It is not good for us, this is four years of Chibok children's death, now he lives in Dapchi as Buhari is doing the same thing Jonathan did in his time.
It has been a month since the children were kidnapped, but now the government is going to stay there.
They did not answer all the questions they answered that Dapchi children were released.
President told Dapchi's parents that he will release the children
The special counsel of Jonathan, Reno Omokiri said that Buhari's son Yusuf Buhari had more trouble than Dapchi children.
He said that during Chibok's kidnapping, Jonathan called for the security meeting, while Buhari shut down the security meeting during Dapchi's kidnapping.
He also said during Yusuf Buhari's accident that Buhari took all his travels, and went to visit his baby in the hospital.
The news that will interest you:
The parents of Dapchi students invaded Abuja
Other spokesman Femi Fani-Koyede on his twitter page;
Jonathan's spokesman, Reuben Abati said that on twitter;
Other Nigerians expressed their thoughts on twitter;
Does it be a religion that will stop in Igbo land?
It was born a new baby, eaten with rice, water, urine and urine to the mother's mother. That is what was called a scholarship.
The new girl and her mother
The wage is a traditional Igbo currency that started from ancient times and continues till now.
The education in Igbo language is a time when a mother comes to visit her child and her child (the mother of her child).
Some times, if a woman has no mother (or if her mother has died), her mother or her mother will come to her home to pay her allowance.
Five things that matter to women
Women have changed their skirts in a new style
The benefits of a woman are not a matter of fact
The reason why she became a woman looking for scholarship than a man, is because she is the most knowledgeable woman about her because she has gone through the situation in herself.
The deadline is when a mother teaches her daughter everything she knows about the newborn baby.
Some times, when she was the mother of a child, her mother started receiving her child's education.
The woman who born a new baby is using adequate education opportunities and her mother supervises her baby.
What mothers do in school
The mother will give her daughter something that will make her blood better
The mother will give her food that will make her feel better
The mother will remember her water in the year and places she wants, and spray her with a spray of robb, aboniki.
The mother will give the newborn food, take her clothes and serve her.
He will also lick the new baby, and lick it in a good shape.
He will ensure that his baby is sitting on the bottom of a bottle containing hot water and urine and anti-viral drugs, which will cause fever to spread, which will cause fever to spread, which will cause fever to spread, which will cause fever to spread.
He will be waiting for him to be able today and watch how he is eating before he is born.
The mother will always encourage her daughter because she and herself have been in the same position.
He will also do other things in the house such as cleaning the house and the food the family eats.
The cost of the scholarship is enormous.
Marriage is a time when a mother, her child and her newborn babies are having a good bonding relationship called bonding. For this reason many mothers tend to go wherever their babies are born, at home or in overseas, to bond for up to three years or more.
She would show her daughter a picture of her child's corpse, or a fake corpse or a fake corpse.
The minimum wage should be equal to the minimum wage.
The student's wife has various foods she eats. Some are to remove blood from her breasts during the child's pregnancy. These foods are both fried and fried rice.
The smell of a bottle of water
Shower with water
Ofe nsala
The medicinal water is very expensive.
It is warm and delicious.
fried fish
Fish and kolanut
An oath
Ehuru and ehu
Answers
Prostitute
Every food will have good taste
It is said that the climate prevents pregnancy and other diseases such as diabetes.
The breast milk should not be added to the allowance.
What causes cold
Egwusi, kolanut and whatever bread is made of oil.
Ahuekere
Every food has a fruit (a woman does not eat it because it is eaten with fruit and it will separate it from the fruit)
The news that will interest you:
What is the minimum wage today?
Have you seen a woman carrying bullets like a man?
Five things that matter to women
What is your intention for prosecution?
Closing of a degree
A child who comes for a scholarship will get a lot of benefits.
The guests will bring him various items such as money, uniforms, shoes, bags, items of food, etc.
He will be taken with a bottle of rice and a bottle of soap that will be handed to his friends when he returns home.
Women Ozubulu have made a show
The news stated that Ozubulu's women were dressed as policemen went to the house of police in Amawbia to demand justice.
The gunmen attacked St. Phillips church last year
The women of Ozubulu who live in Ekwusigo in Anambra state went to the police station in Amawbia to demand their arrest yesterday.
They did this because of a dispute between those who allegedly attacked churches in their country in June last year.
They said that the victims are angry that it is also because of this they are looking for evidence to prove justice against the suspects in court.
They have a big letter titled 'we want a complete judgment' 'we want a full judgment' 'we want the immediate judgment of the police in court'
What a lawyer said about Ozubulu's death
The spokesman of the police in Anambra Nkiruka Nwode told Igbo BBC that what is important to the women is to have peace in their country.
Nwode said that the women who are doing this asked the police to support going to court for the alleged killing in their country.
The Anambra State police chief Garba Baba Umaru advised the women, saying they will go home.
Umaru told the women that 'when I am here, there is nothing to do with you, I will see that you have a complete justice'.
What happened in Ozubulu
The gunmen went to St. Phillips Church where Catholic priests attacked people while praying
The attack killed 11 people on Thursday, August 6, 2017
The news stated that it was a conflict between two people living in South Africa that caused this.
This led to the Nigerian Police in South Africa to begin investigation into this matter.
The accused suspects that they were involved in the incident were: Onyebuchi Mbanefo, 46, Chukwudi Ugwu, 30 and Great Chinedu Akpunonu, 44
The matter is still in court where lawyers are coming every day.
The news that will interest you:
The Timbershade market has been shut down
The importance of education in Igbo culture
The two Nigerian soldiers have been killed in Plateau
'The people are insulting me because I am not a woman'
In Igbo land, women up to 40 years are not able to get breast feeding, breast feeding and other challenges.
Women are talking to a student
Pregnant women who have not been given birth to the mother
Nkiru (we did not mention his father as we promised him) has more than 30 years of working as a messenger in their office in Lagos but has no husband.
Nkiru told BBC reporters that his situation has caused him pain, shame, shame and anger to his family and others.
Then when I went to the house, our neighbours told me that I had not entered the house and he told me that I had not entered the house and he told me that there was no man in the house.
He also complained that his father (his father has died) did not give him and his son a higher amount because they were not pregnant.
See what Nkiru said:
Our neighbours said, 'I have never moved to another house and I don't see a man'
In Igbo land, marriage is a traditional ritual for a rich man.
According to the National Demographic and Health Survey conducted in 2013, in Nigeria, women starting from 15 to 19 years of breast feeding had 28.2 per cent, while women starting from 35 to 39 years of breast feeding had 94.4 per cent.
The importance of education in Igbo culture
This is going to stop in Igbo land?
This implies that marriage is a cultural tradition in Nigeria.
But if a woman has reached the age of marriage or not, especially in the Eastern part of Nigeria, it is being looked into, especially in the Eastern part of Nigeria, it is being looked into, emphasizing some of the things they have created in life.
What has happened to it?
According to the scientists in the field of social affairs known as'sociologists' in English, the cause of violence or abuse of females is a culture and a false understanding.
In his speech, Dr Adedeji Oyenuga a professor of Sociology at Lagos State University, explained that it is a culture and that some parents see their babies as a sign that they do not know their babies well.
He comes from a culture. There are times when a child takes care of his parents, but when a child takes care of his parents, it is seen as a woman, looking at a woman, looking at a woman. If he did not do this, it would be better if he did not do this, it would be better if he did not do this, it would be better if he did not do this, it would be better if he did not do this, it would be better if he did not do this, it would be better if he did not do this, it would be better if he did not do this, it would be better if he did not do this, it would be better if he did not do this, it would be better if he did not do this, it would be better if she doesn't do this
Dr Nkechi Emma-Echiegu, a lecturer at Ebonyi State University said that it is a culture.
In Igbo land, it is a question of a born, a question of a living.
He went on to say that it is a bad culture that women are raped or killed because of their lack of birth.
See what he said in detail:
What happens to absence of marriage during the period?
Dr Adedeji Oyenuga said that the reason for not having a child was a woman taking too much education which could cause women to laugh with her.
Another thing is that women are more than women in number. He also said that women are coming from their parents to the country more than women which is why marriage is more difficult.
What the killing of a woman who has not been born is caused by the killing of a woman who has not been born
According to Oyenuga, violence against women does not affect many things such as hunger, hunger, depression, which could lead to death, pain.
Echigu said that it could lead to various challenges including fears, falsehoods, sexual assaults, suicide and death.
They said that understanding will help stop the negative culture that makes a woman who has not been born as a woman with no dignity.
In Oklahoma, one woman will be arrested for killing her child
The two-year-old woman has been arrested for having a child in Oklahoma in America
Patricia Ann Spann and her daughter,Misty Dawn Spann
This woman has killed her husband
Patricia Ann Spann, who was twenty-one years old, agreed that she and her wife, Misty Velvet Dawn Spann, twenty-one years old, have studied and had sexual affairs.
The woman was kidnapped and her children were shared in 2014
They took their own time when they were banned from the law of a woman or a man to marry a man in the area.
The investigators found that Patricia Ann Spann killed her son when they were nineteen years old, while the first man joined the relationship in 2010
The news that will interest you:
The former Katolic priest has written a book
Our neighbours said, 'I have never moved to another house and I don't see a man'
Dangote woman has written a letter in Kano
It was the ministry of travel that identified the woman and her child when they went to visit their home.
According to a news release, Misty Spann started a relationship with her mother in October last year after a discussion that her mother had been involved in the relationship.
Misty Spann said that her mother told her that 'three judges told her that 'the three judges who gave her advice will continue in the discussion'.
Patricia Ann Spann said that they agreed that the relationship did not violate law because she did not mention her name in her child's school as her mother's mother where they lived two years before they met.
Misty Spann agreed that she violated a ban on sexual affairs. She was awarded 20 years for research and examination and a degree for research and examination.
Whereas her mother Patricia will carry out a seven-year investigation on her corpse. She will also put her name on the list as a human being if she appears in the ring.
In the law in Oklahoma, a person's blood is a poison if they have or do not have any relationship.
Igbo food: what you don't know about the food you eat
Bread is a non-traditional food in Igbo land, it is also a tradition of Igbos.
Faculty
The corpse is kept for a while being buried before being buried.
Many Igbo people know soil and that they do not know how to make soil before it is eaten.
The bush has a plant that produces breadfruit which is called 'breadfruit'. Its fruit is red, while its leaves are red, while its leaves in it are producing what we call breadfruit.
'The bush, it was taken from a tree and it was taken to the ground, it was taken to the ground before being buried and added a bush that is being buried. So Igbo people said that 'the bush until it is buried'.
Before eating the kolanut, it will go through various ways such as:
It is where it is
she is hungry
Maybe see it in a light
Foods that are used for preparing it
Faculty
Food
Some use rice, tigers and tigers.
Some use rice while some use bread while some use food.
Some are also adding tears.
Some are also adding a buffet.
Prison until it is gone
How to use it
This is what you should do before taking your position:
Spray your breasts with water to ensure that the urine or urine are not in it.
She is kept in a pressure pot called 'pressure pot' and breast feeding it with water that will protect her very well
Some use a vegetable or vegetable to make it delicious and delicious.
He stirs and added the water in it, adds rice, vegetable oil and salt.
Remove it from it and the food you put in it are kept separately.
Remove it and leave it in a warm water and stir well.
The kolanut is a delicious food which you can enjoy if you add or not add any vegetables.
How to eat it
When it comes to some communities such as Urualla in Imo state, they do not take water from their bodies. They drink it differently and eat it differently.
Some do not put the food in their breasts, while some leave the water in their breasts which is why they leave it in the water.
Chickens are also eaten, using rice or vegetables today.
Many people use tear gas cylinders
How to protect soil
He is being arrested before he is taken to prison before he is taken to prison for those who will buy him to travel to the overseas.
Before you take the song, place it in the water from morning to evening. This will make it easier to drink and stir faster when you take it.
What he gives to him
The research by scientists showed that the compound had many good properties in the body, including riboflavin, iron, niacin, thiamin, iron and fosforus. It also includes potassium, copper, iron, magnesium, kalsium, zinc, zinc, manganeseezi, selenịum and fosforus and vitamin C.
It is good for the body. Some use a leaf of it to protect the body from the disease known as dandruff, stopping the spread of fever.
He also has a small amount of saturated fats, kolasterol and sodom.
Some drink different types of water while some eat it in their water.
Other things you don't know about it
They are added to some of the spices to give it flavor (flavor).
The rice is used to make a flour.
It is also produced with oil.
The news that will interest you:
He is angry in Enugu for Fayose's visit to the place
We will remove the government from the courtroom- ICSC
The importance of education in Igbo culture
Suicide and hunger have killed people
The agricultural worker and a doctor said that such a place causes different diseases.
Where they sell crops
Smoking from these places causes serious disease
Residents in Ikosi, Isheri or Ketu in Lagos state are angry to say from where the government is going to shut down the Olososun dumpsite in Ojota.
Enugu State has this in a row of roads leading from Enugu to Port Harcourt.
The pain in these areas is the same as that in Lagos, some people in the area have been displaced because of hunger.
In Lagos, the news said that one child died because he was not able to rest because the dead said there was nothing.
For this, Lagos Governor Akinwunmi Ambode has shut down the market.
Government and local government patrol shops at any time.
What people are saying
But the weakness also exists and people are living here.
BBC Igbo called a man called Samuel Osaze who is here on the phone.
He said that the soil that comes from the soil is a cause of serious disease.
The blaze is coming from the government whenever it is burnt whenever it is burnt. Today when I went on the road to my house, a huge fire broke through all the roads around the market. Yesterday when I went on the road to my house, a huge fire broke through all the roads around the market.
In 2013 the Lagos Waste Management Agency LAWMA said that the Lagos harvest of crops was up to three hundred thousand tons.
The doctor, Dr Ikechukwu Mgbolu said that deaths came from areas where diseases such as cholera, Taiffod, malaria and lasa fiva were caused by various diseases such as cholera, cholera, cholera, Taiffod, malaria and lasa fiva.
He also said that people with asthma cannot live closely here.
Mgbolu said: 'A severe breast cancer known as 'upper respiratory infection' has been diagnosed by the doctor following the injection of monozide in the breast.'
Osaze said that the declaration is being held between March and August each year because this is a season of rain.
Residents in Lagos are fleeing fires each time on the road in Lagos
Osaze said, 'There are no villages that are going to burn fires now because they know that such acts are causing serious injuries.
The government should buy this known as an incinerator in British is a fuel harvester.
Governor Ambode has said that he will not leave any farm anymore because of the various diseases he has spread.
He advised other states to say what they will do where the floods are spread between their communities.
The news that will interest you:
What Buhari did to stop Rwanda's journey
The banks are stealing Nigerians?
Uber driver kills one person in America
Uber driver has shot a woman in Tempe in Arizona, in America
Uber
Uber Corps has expressed regret for the killing of a woman they killed
Uber is one of the manufacturers of bicycles have said that they have stopped the inspection of a bicycle while one of them shot a 49-year-old woman on a road in Tempe, Arizona.
According to the news, the accident caused Uber's suspension of the inspection of their own vehicles.
The Uber CEO, Dara Khosrowshahi said on Twitter that the death was 'a'shock'.
We are concerned about the tragedy and we are working with the police to understand what happened.
This accident is not just Uber's accident, it will affect the efforts to construct a fully autonomous vehicle for human transportation.
The news that will interest you:
We will remove the government from the courtroom- ICSC
The banks are stealing Nigerians?
Putin will rule Russia for six years
But if they go with it in a currency exchange, it would make more money spent on education in Nigeria increase.'
In recent years, Nigeria had a financial problem as its economy slumped down because its economy slumped down due to the rise in oil prices in the world market.
It is this situation that, as Uwaleke said, Nigeria would not be able to follow the IMF's recommendations.
Uwaleke said that if Nigeria has it now, it would be cheaper to pay his foreign debt because it would be costly.
The news that will interest you:
What is Nigeria earning in CHOGM?
Nigerians will not meet in America?
Police have blocked Dino Melaye's house
World Cancer Day: How I get cancer treatment - a breast cancer survivor
Gloria Orji is a Igbo woman who got cancer and good, she said that where she got cancer, another person will get cancer.
Diabetes is a disease that has shocked all the world for how it kills people.
The worst is those who want treatment but no drug has been produced that it is his treatment.
The theme of the 2019 National Cancer Day is 'I can, you can' which means that we all can fight against Kansa.
But Gloria was a woman who discovered a cancer in her body in 2010, she was killed, she did kimo and other things to stop her from the disease.
In his words, 'Kansa is not a death', now, she focuses on the issue of breast cancer.
He told Igbo BBC how he survived the disease that has shocked the whole world.
Bill Cosby has been arrested in the rape of a woman
Bill Cosby may have been arrested at least three times for sexual abuse.
Bill Cosby
Bill Cosby is known as a politician
The American court has decided that the lawyer Bill Cosby was arrested in three cases accusing him of sexual assault.
It was Andrea Constand who was a basket player who tried for Cosby in court since 2004
Nnamdi Kanu's lawyer's day
The court has issued a mandate to release Innoson.
Cosby, 80 years old, is accused of the charge, but the decision could put him in jail for at least 30 years.
This is the second time Cosby is accusing him of sexual harassment.
Bill Cosby is a popular actor in the video called 'The Cosby Show' in English.
Many women are accusing Cosby of sexual harassment but Cosby said that they all are false.
The news that will interest you:
MASSOB - Ebere Buhari is doing nothing without fear
See the different foods produced from cassava root
Codeine, thugs
Codeine, Othomegbum' is a story of how high blood pressure is affecting the lives of young people in Nigeria, according to the BBC.
Codeine, Othomegbum' is a history of how high blood pressure affects the lives of young people in Nigeria.
BBC journalists conducted a detailed investigation to find out how manufacturers of drugs, dealers and dealers used drugs to feed children in violation of the Nigerian Constitution.
Codeine okwum: Emzor has released workers
Emzor Pharmaceuticals has arrested a worker for investigation, Codeine Ọtọmegbu' by BBC.
a man and taking breast cancer drug,copdeine
The news reports that some political parties are treating youths as gifts.
The Nigerian drug producer, Emzor Pharmaceuticals, has suspended one worker, and suspended two workers because of their involvement in producing codeine drugs, in violation of law, as the BBC report showed that the drug has destroyed the lives of Nigerian youths.
Emzor arrested one of their traders who sold a BBC journalist, Emzolyn syrup.
They said this on social media as BBC released their video on Monday 30th of February.
In the video which lasted a minute, a group of drug dealers including one Emzor worker who used a restaurant to treat people with drugs.
The expectations of the attendees of the video showed in Lagos yesterday.
One person said that it is the government that uses oil in the fire in Kano as he said that they use the drug as a gift.
But Emzor's office has confirmed that they do not buy drugs illegally.
They also said that they have stopped selling Emzolyn's Codeine until they will investigate the alleged drug trafficking against them.
Emzor shut down their businesses and removed it from operation.
Emzor Pharmaceuticals is a firm that prides itself on its own and its aggressive stance.
They have more than one million drugs which include Emzolyn Codeine from NAFDAC.
They went on to say: Emzolyn Codeine yue's suspension is being stopped until fully completed investigations.
In a conversation with the BBC with the Head of Science and Pharmaceuticals in Nigeria and the Eastern Region, J.C Okafor, he said that there is a law that protects how to treat drugs with codeine, and if any company discovers that they are taking it illegally, it will be banned.
Okafor said, 'We have a plan on how to treat codeine in Nigeria which means that people cannot take it without a doctor's consent.
Every company that has violated the law, we are suspending it.'
Many Nigerians in the breast feeder are blaming Emzor for their involvement in high blood pressure among children.
Another person asked the company : Why, if the BBC does not show the evidence, the company would not do anything to stop the spread of the drug among the youths?
It is that your workers do not know what they do?
Other person, Mairo Mandara, called on the government to ban drug use with codeine.
Codeine: NAFDAC has shut down four companies and shut down many drugs
NAFDAC said that they will continue to stop all companies promoting codeine abuse in Nigeria.
NAFDAC offices
Every time NAFDAC is attacking drug producers in Nigeria
The Nigerian Food Safety Agency (NAFDAC) has accused three drug producers in Lagos, Ilorin and Kano.
The attack, followed by the BBC's investigation, showed how people used codeine drugs.
The NAFDAC said that the attack, showed that the drug producers are producing more codeine than the laws that give them the opportunity to produce.
Codeine Attack: Dextromethorphan will be heard?
Government has banned codeine drug
Codeine okwum: Emzor has released workers
The president's wife has shouted for codeine
The NAFDAC Chief Executive Officer, Mojisola Adeyeye, told reporters that now, they are investigating the work of the four companies that BBC showed in their video.
In his words: 'We have taken many drugs with codeine from a drug manufacturer in Ilorin.
Bioraj Pharmaceuticals said that they have suspended their worker Junaid Hassan's work, Emzor also said that they have removed their worker Chukwunonye Madubuike from work.
The two appeared on BBC's video as suspected dealers of codeine drugs.
But some analysts are saying that government should protect the workers more than the investigations that are conducted by the investigators.
Other news that will interest you:
Four ways journalists have been seen in the work
The court has decided to release Dino Melaye till June 11
Buhari has embarked on his US visit to Nigeria
Nigerian President Muhammadu Buhari has travelled to America to leave Nigeria after he leaves in London.
Muhammadu Buhari
Buhari and Trump agreed to fight against terrorists
Nigerian President Muhammadu Buhari has embarked on a trip to America to meet President Donald Trump in Nigeria.
The plane was taken to the president's airport at Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, Abuja at 10pm.
Some government workers went to visit him.
He was the spokesman of the president Femi Adesina who told the news that the vehicle had fallen out of the air.
President Buhari will travel to America
See what Buhari and Trump did
Four ways Buhari took to Trump
Buhari who left Washington DC on Tuesday after he met with Trump on London.
The spokesman of the president in charge of media Garba Shehu, called for the escalation of the crash to a flight study said that it was because the enormous aircraft of the president had gone to a halt.
He also said that Buhari had a small plane that was not willing to take a long way to make his journey, which made him stop in Britain.
Shehu said that the injection was aimed at adding water into his vehicle and inspecting the soil before traveling to Nigeria.
He said that there is no regret that the president has invaded Nigeria.
But see what people are saying on social media:
The news that will interest you:
Only one will believe that Buhari has done well
NAFDAC has shut down four companies for codeine drugs
Do you know that killing a man who wants death is a bad thing in Nigeria?
President Buhari has travelled to London again for health travel
President Muhammadu Buhari is going to see his doctor who told him to come for visit and treatment.
Buhari
He has not had a meeting with Buhari from America where he and Donald Trump had a meeting.
President Muhammadu Buhari will leave today to London where he is receiving treatment for his disease.
The letter of the president Garba Shehu published said that the president will stay for four days in the trip.
He said that when the president went to London for inspection and injection of oil on his aircraft when he went to America, he and his deputy had a meeting.
Buhari has embarked on his US visit to Nigeria
Buhari will travel to UK today
What happened to Buhari's visit to Lagos?
He said that his doctor told him to come and the president promised him that he will come.
President will meet on Saturday twenty-two of this month, May.
Shehu said that if he leaves, he will go to Jigawa state, a trip which was scheduled for the APC meeting in Jigawa state, a trip which was scheduled for the APC meeting in a row.
The ceremony will commence on Monday 14 and Tuesday 15 of this month.
Remember that the president is taking treatment in London but he did not give Nigeria the name of his disease.
The news that will interest you:
Lagos: 2131 women are diagnosed with HIV
The 45 corpses have been found in Gwaska
The Igbos will not fight another independence war
sweet sweet codeine: Nafdac has shut down three drug companies that use codeine
Nafdac has shut down Bioraj, Peace and Emzor for injections of codeine without delay.
Codeine, thugs
Many youths are suffering from various diseases due to high blood pressure.
The Department of Food Safety and Manufacturing Nafdac has shut down three healthcare facilities; Bioraj Pharmaceutical Limited, Emzor Pharmaceuticals Ind.
Ltd and Peace Standard Pharmaceutical Limited are the leading company in the fight against codeine in violation of the law.
BBC released a report from their investigation that led to the collapse of the three agency's investigation that led to the collapse of the drug which was supposed to be sold at least once doctors were given a certificate, to the youths.
Codeine, otômegbum
Codeine okwum: Emzor has released workers
Government has banned codeine drug
In a letter issued by Nafdac President, Mojisola Adeyeye, the arrest followed their investigation as they went to these businesses.
Because there was no evidence of sufficient evidence in the effort to prevent the submission of papers needed at the time we conducted our investigation on the 2nd of May, at their offices in Ilorin and Lagos, it was necessary to shut down three manufacturing facilities - Peace Standard Pharmaceutical Limited ; Bioraj Pharmaceutical Limited and Emzor Pharmaceuticals Ind Ltd.
This is to give opportunities for complete investigation.
Nafdac conducts these investigations based on BBC's report on the drug.