The news that will interest you:
Joseph Achuzie, Dike of Biafra
Dapchi: Government has not won Boko Haram-Massob
Tottenham is looking for the FA Cup After Rochadale's victory
Son Heung-min, Fernando Llorente and Kyle Walter-Peters of Tottenham are the suspension of Rochadale in yesterday's match.
Son Heung-min of Tottenham and his team heard when he scored a goal in the FA cup.
Tottenham has won the FA cup for third time
In play, Tottenham team defeated Rochadale with six goals against one in the FA cup.
This victory means that Tottenham and Swansea will play the Quarter Final in the FA cup that will be played on 17th March.
Son Heung-min scored the first and the fifth. Fernando Llorente scored three goals in the second half, while Kyle Walter-Peters scored the second goal.
Son Heung-min stops Rochadale football
What will happen forward?
Tottenham will travel to Wembley in three days of March. They will play with Huddersfield in the Premier League competition, before they will play with Juventus.
Rochdale team has 16 matches to defeat themselves from relegation and one league league.
Their first match will be at Plymouth on three days in March.
The news that will interest you:
Guardiola has increased his first cup in England
Champions League: Neymar has defeated
The chief police commander: Create farms before banning them
The Chief Police Chief of the Police has urged Governors to be a way of developing farming places before banning farming in their state.
Ibrahim Idris
The chief police chairman Ibrahim Idris has said that the state should be a way of removing land for farming before banning farming.
The chief police said this yesterday in Kaduna at the community security meeting in Kaduna said it would help reduce problems among workers.
He went on to say that the problem in Benue was because the state government had not built a farm before they stopped the production of farms.
In the seminar with the theme of the theme, 'Community Development: Security Challenges and the need to find a sufficient way to stop it,' the challenges between agricultural farmers and agricultural
Idris said: 'In my opinion, to reduce conflicts between agricultural workers and farmers, the state government will try to create farm training centres in the state.
The news that will interest you:
Traders have fired in International land
For Achuzia, we will see that Biafra fulfilled'
In Imo state, animal reserves have multiple animals
The animal zones in Imo state have different types of animals.
Different animals are in their areas in Imo state
These animals were also built in perfect houses so that they can live perfectly.
Timothy the son of George Weah has started competing in PSG
Timothy Weah has gone to PSG where his father George Weah was a good musician from 1992 to 1995
Timothy Weah
Timothy Weah will do better than his father as people think?
The Liberian president George Weah named Timothy Weah has started playing for the PSG club, where his father first played for the first time.
Timothy appeared yesterday after PSG and Troyes matched match.
As Neymar and Kylian Mbappe were not injured because they were injured, Angel di Maria and Christopher Nkunku were the goals PSG scored in the competition.
Neymar and Mbappe without him gave Weah the opportunity to play in this competition.
George Weah scored 55 goals during playing for PSG
Timothy's father, George Weah, played for PSG before 23 years ago, before going to AC Milan.
PSG has 10 competitions, of which they should win 17 points if they will compete in the French League this year.
They will meet with Real Madrid on Tuesday to play their second Champions League match. In the first match, Real Madrid defeated them with 3-1.
Their singer Neymar will not play another competition in this season because he is injured.
The news that will interest you:
Nigerian government has sent a bus to find Dapchi children
A man has killed his children in Awada
Fulani's fear of kidnapping has attacked many
Charly Boy has said that he wants different youths for ruling Nigeria
Charles Oputa who is known as 'Charly Boy' has expressed his angry concerning the Nigerian government's administration.
A popular youth king of Nigeria Charly Boy said that he is not happy about the situation of Nigeria.
When the Igbo BBC interviewed him, he asked, 'Why did he become the wrong people ruling Nigeria?
Charly Boy said that he is looking for different youths that will support for the Nigerian government.
'I have been happy since thirty-five years ago that Nigeria's release will be for different youths,' Charly Boy said.
Oscars 2018: Kobe Bryant is among the winners
American basketball player, Kobe Bryant has been among the winners in the election of this video.
Kobe Bryant, a popular American footballer
Special victory- Kobe Bryant has won.
In surprise why Kobe Bryant a well known American basketball player has won the Oscars contest.
He won this award for the childhood video.
See other awards at the Oscars held this morning.
The winners:
The Shape of Water won the award of 'Best picture.'
Frances McDormand won the award called 'Best actress' for Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
The winner of this award was called 'Best actor' Gary Oldman for Darkest Hour
Guillermo Del Toro Wins 'Best Director' For The Shape of Water
Get Out which Jordan Peele directed won 'Best original screenplay'
Oscars 2018: what actresses appear in the bus
The night of the best award for him in Hollywood has happened
See pictures of people wearing on red carpet
Danai Gurira did the movie Black Panther and Walking Dead showed something in her head
The 90th Academy Awards winners as Oscars took place on night where people showed their creativity.
See what actresses are coming to this event.
Daniel Kaluuya
Daniel Kaluuya a British actress whose movie Get Out was one of the named to win Oscars award
Lupita Nyong'o
Lupita Nyong'o won Oscars in 2012 for her movie called 12 Years a Slave
Jennifer Lawrence
Jennifer Lawrence who directed the Hunger Games film was white Oscar shoes
Andara Day
Andara Day, an American writer and musician, standing on red carpet, said people came to see his uniforms.
Oscars 2018: how it goes
Black Panther is popular
Africa was shown during the Black Panther ceremony
Black Panther: what are you in this movie?
Tom Holland
Tom Holland made Spider Man's good uniform coming to nominate the winner who won the award at the event
Chadwick Boseman
Chadwick Boseman the king of T'challa of Wakanda in the movie Black Panther with Givenchy came to Oscars
Ashley Judd
Ashley Judd who participated in Time's Up show appeared on the red carpet
Adam Rippon
Adam Rippon in the olympic sports called figure skating made people shocked him while wearing a jersey uniform and made him looking like a boyfriend.
Salman Hayek
Halman Sayek wears white dress
Darrell Britt-Gibson
Photographers have walked as Darrell Britt-Gibson's Three Billboards movie started red carpet
Whoopi Goldberg
Whoopi Goldberg's dress is like a dragon in her body
Patrick Stewart
Sir Patrick Stewart dressed the movie Time's Up in his uniform as he gave photos to viewers
Sally Hawkins
Sally Hawkins, a British actress, who was among the nominated for the movie The Shape of Water she did directed by photographers.
Saoirse Roman
Saoirse Roman did Lady Bird in pink at the Oscars after 10 years before her first release in 2008 when she was a 13-year-old boy.
Meryl Streep
Meryl Streep has been named for winning 21 Oscars awards since she started acting
Margot Robbie
Margot Robbie made Tonya's movie beautiful on red carpet
Tiffany Haddish
Tiffany Haddish takes the great African capacity which is used to be known as Eritrean women and Ethiopian women
These pictures are called copyright.
Why other African countries are better than Nigeria in television
At the biggest world film called Oscars, the African countries are showing Nigeria.
Oscars awards
This year made it 90 years of the Oscars ceremony in Hollywood
After the Oscars which was the biggest world film competition in 2018, Igbo BBC investigated and saw that other countries are better than Nigeria in the film.
Oscars 2018: Between Africa and Nigeria
BBC noted that despite some movie producers in Nigeria are putting some Hollywood actresses in their movies, it has not made them part of the country.
Nollywood is the movie producers in Nigeria and other African countries among its names, while other African countries have shown them success.
Lupita Nyong'o a Kenyan born in America won the award of 'the best female actress' in 2013
Few years ago, Nigeria was seen as a 'dike' in African films, but now it is like others have passed them.
While Nollywood indeed is the third place in the world movie produces more than 1000 films in a year, Hollywood produces over 1000 films in a year.
But the coming from Africa, Kenya and South Africa are showing Nigeria when it concerns awards at the Oscars ceremony.
Top in South Africa
What is interesting me is the security and the country's economy.
How senators make Nigerian funds
See the person who is in the majority of the senators
Nigerian youths have condemned Buhari for calling them 'thieves'
Nigerian youths do not believe in what Buhari said about CHOGM that they are weak
Muhammadu Buhari
Nigerians are saying that President Muhammadu Buhari has taken them to foreign countries sometimes
People are still participating in the matter concerning the 'power' the Nigerian president called youths.
When Buhari visited London for the Commonwealth Government Meeting known as CHOGM, he said that Nigerian youths are strong.
The statement he said did not appreciate many Nigerians, which led to them showing their anger on social media.
Three words Buhari 'left Nigeria into the country'
Buhari's words are angry for youths
The president will not forgive Nigerians
The spokesman of Buhari, Femi Adesina, said that Nigerians did not understand what he said.
What Adesina said does not stop people to say their hearts.
#LazyNigerianYouths are popular
Many of them continued to demonstrate their efforts, and saying that they are not engineers despite that Nigeria is not good.
A white man put his voice in this matter.
Some said how they bought themselves in the school with their efforts.
Some said that they will not join Buhari in 2019
A group of people shows that someone who has difficulty is still using it
Who will be the new president of the commonwealth?
Commonwealth leaders are meeting to identify if the Wales King will represent his mother as the chairman of the department.
Elizabeth woman
An England woman wants to represent her son Charles
Commonwealth leaders are meeting to find out if the Wales King will represent his mother as the leader of 53 countries.
On Thursday was the British woman decided that her son Charles would rule the group called CHOGM at Buckingham Palace.
She said that it was her interest to her son Charles take CHOGM one day.
But this position is not what a woman gives to her child even if she dies.
It is expected that the Commonwealth leaders will decide who will rule them if they meet at Windsor Castle but nothing has been shown that the decision will be declared in the past.
Is it not anyone capable of knowing the commonwealth?
The BBC reporter James Landale said that the position has been moving between the leaders of the Commonwealth countries.
But, South African President Cyril Ramaphosa has killed himself during a meeting in London to know the cause of the attack in his country.
The attack is happening in South Africa where protesters are saying to give them jobs, houses and suspension.
What is the job of the Commonwealth president?
The position of the British woman in it is important.
The department unites fifty-three countries to ensure that the Commonwealth identity comes to achievement.
This includes uniting these countries through trade and international relationships.
The news that will interest you:
Chimamanda said that there was a person who attacked him
The president will not forgive Nigerians
Nigerian youths have loved Buhari
The chairman of the countries who are visiting all countries in the group was part of the group, to strengthen the agreement.
It is the leadership of the group that is deciding who will become their environmental leader.
President Theresa May and President of Canada Justin Trudeau have supported Priest Charles to become the president.
What is CHOGM?
CHOGM is Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting.
It is a meeting of the leaders of the commonwealth countries, which is held every two years.
The presidents and fifty-three Presidential Ministers and their families, their families and their families, their families and journalists.
The year's meeting held in London, while the last meeting in 2015 was in Valletta in Malta
The money invested in Imo will not come to us- Rochas spokesman
Imo state government is saying that the plan is not with them, but they will support it.
Rochas Okorocha and the king of Ogoni, King Godwin Gininwa
Rochas Okorocha's administration will complete in 2019
According to the report that the Imo state government has informed all youths to pay three thousand naira, the Imo state government is explaining that they should pay three thousand naira.
Ebere Iwuji the spokesman of the governor on public media told BBC Igbo on phone that the money will be paid one time.
He also said that the money would be used to support different projects that communities in Imo state are doing.
Although the reports saying that it is six million naira to a community, Nzewuji said that there is no name of the money called, because the residents of the community are now living in the community
Nzewuji said 'This money will not be into the Imo state government, it is the different communities owned by the Community Government Council (CGC).
Nzewuji went on to say that the Imo state government would use N10 million naira to support every community that received the money, ensuring that it would be used to build communities in the country
I think everyone who wants progress will need to support it, especially where they are partnering in the development of the country, Nzewuji said.
Nzewuji went on to explain that no king of the country has been released for this.
Listen to its description here:
Other stories that will interest you:
Why Nigerians gave one road in 10 roads
The president will not forgive Nigerians
The most popular news today: Buhari is the father of Nigeria
What parties will condemn the demolition of APC?
The 2019 election has been fired as some parties want to remove APC from office in 2019.
Olusegun Obasanjo
Olusegun Obasanjo declared government in 1999
Many leaders of the government party known as APC and leaders in Nigeria are trying to remove the government from the Big Brother Party.
Reports say that many parties might start uniting in the next week to express any problem in the next election.
The parties included in the party are the following parties: Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), some leaders of All Progressives Congress (APC), Social Democratic Pati,' the parties: 'Peoples Democratic
As well as the Coalition for Nigeria Movement (CNM) of the accused of the Nigerian president, Olusegun Obasanjo.
The union of Obasanjo has begun
The 2019 election: Keyamo is the spokesman of Buhari
Buhari: I will contest in 2019
APC officed in 2015
Those accused of the president in Nigeria, the military leaders have returned to wedding including Military General T.Y Danjuma who is supporting the invasion.
According to a member of the party, 'this will not look like a revolution that has learnt to the APC party.
We do not send the INEC change name.
This new party will give everyone the opportunity to express his confidence.'
House members and up to 10 governors are supporting the campaign.
PDP ruled Nigeria sixty years before APC gave them office
On the other hand, PDP party is still investigating if they will change their party.
The president of the party, Uche Secondus said that he and his members are still investigating the idea.
But people are saying that instead of changing name, the PDP party created various ways to solve Nigeria and remove APC from office.
The news that will interest you:
What to explain about 3000 naira in Imo
Treatment receivers have been arrested by health workers
Nigerian youths have loved Buhari
Death Attacks Father's Church 'Murder Accusation'
Those who attacked the Catholic Church in Uke Anambra State injured many and damaged three vehicles.
Youths are fighting for death
The killing of death is a cultural ceremony known to Igbos
Residents of the dead, 'The Road' in Uke in Idemili North Local Government Area in Anambra State attacked a Catholic church in Uke in Idemili North Local Government Area in Anambra State.
The chairman of the church, Father Emmanuel Obimma, popularly known as 'Ebube Mmusic' and other priests, as well as members of the church.
The secretary of the church Francis Okoye told the BBC journalist on phone that the dead attacked the church at about 4pm.
Aguleri and Igboukwu are not the beginning of the Igbo
A man has killed his children in Awada
After the incident, we looked at the damaged vehicle to learn three.
They injured many people.
There are many people who were taken to the hospital.
We have not known whether he is living or dead.
He expected that the Uke youths did what were supported and supported to attack the church because, the 'Uzo of death', death is stopped and after six hours of the church.
They started using vehicles to take people coming, sending them their money and phones.
Murder destroyed many vehicles in the meeting
Our security officers tried to stop them but when we saw they were doing more, we called the police.
They came to arrest some of them.
The Anambra state police said that the death attacked priests in Uke but they said that nobody died
The spokesman of the police in the state Nkiru Nwode told BBC that 'We arrested three dead and we are investigating what happened there.'
The report said that this is not the first time the community youths are attacking people who go to the special Catholic meetings held on Friday night which has been held on Friday.
Those who were at the incident said that the village youths are problematic with drivers and churches that take them money and sell some items.
Recently, they wrote the officer of Father Obimma why the representative called on the police who arrested the youths and released during the arrest.
There were allegations that youths are attacking people who are attacking people every time.
The news that will interest you:
Up to 88 children can die in high blood
Benue: The terrorists have killed 20 people
What parties will condemn the demolition of APC?
Ezeife: the Igbos will ask Buhari again
Ezeife and some leaders have said that tolding Igbos to support Buhari to get their positions in 2023 is false.
Chukwuemeka Ezeife and some Igbo young people
Chukwuemeka Ezeife, former Igbo-Ukwu former governor of Anambra State is one Igbo-Ukwu spokesman in Nigeria
The Igbo people have said that the Igbo people will refuse to support President Buhari in the 2019 election as they did in 2015
They warned the Igbos to know that if they support President Buhari to enter the next presidential election in 2019, the presidential candidate would be contested.
On the other hand, many APC members including, Minister of Transportation, Rotimi Amaechi, the Federal Secretary of the Government, Boss Mustafa and the President of the Nigeria.
Give the Igbos 2019 president - Balarabe Musa
Igbos are killed as those who won in war
But some Igbo people said that the matter was false to get the votes of the Igbos, saying that people like Buhari won the Igbos for the election.
In an interview with the Sun, Anambra State Governor Dr Chukwuemeka Ezeife said: 'It is not seen how it will be done.
I do not think we should be asking people for the position of president.
My thought is that we will ask God, who knows that if an Igbo takes the position as president, the heart will be better for the Fulani, the Yoruba and the Nigerians.
Talking about 2023 is not good, everyone who says it is to destroy the Igbos.'
In the same way, the former president of Ohanaeze Ndigbo, Dozie Ikedife, said that the Igbos who have promised to get the position of president did not mean anything in the country.
He told the Sun newspaper: 'The Igbos have been accepted such promises last year and also our people.
If someone killed you twice or three, it comes the fourth, you are prepared from thinking.
The power of this land has killed humanity.
Ikedife went on to say : 'The importance of me is how to follow law and prayers to get Biafra without fight or fight against anyone.'
Remember that in 2015, many Igbos did not add Buhari to the election case which made him not give 95 per cent support to those who gave 95 per cent support.
The news that will interest you:
Death Attacks Catholic Church in Anambra
Up to eight hundred and eight children can die in high death
Benue: The terrorists have killed 20 people
A man has attacked a restaurant in America
Police are searching for a man who attacked consumers and killed four people while four others injured
The restaurant where the incident happened
Police found a gun used to attack the restaurant
The police said that a man who has killed four people in a restaurant in Nashville, America
The man left into the restaurant at 7pm in Antioch and started shooting people.
Four other people were injured before another person was shot down with a gun and she was shot down.
The police have given the name of the man as Travis Reinking who is from Illinois where they are searching for him
An interesting story
Death Attacks Catholic Church in Anambra
Up to 88 children can die in high blood
Benue: The terrorists have killed 20 people
Soyinka: there is no water in 2019
Wole Soyinka
The Nobel winner, Wole Soyinka has said that good government has come to life in Nigeria
Wole Soyinka called on Nigerians to protect them
Wole Soyinka another popular scholar has called on Nigerians to look into the water without allowing the politicians to know.
Soyinka, who said this on Sunday at the memorial ceremony of the deceased lawyer, Gani Fawehinmi which held in Lagos said that there was no reason for the memory of the deceased lawyer, Gani Fawehinm
He said that those who integrated Nigeria in its problems through their plans, have been ready to become the electoral representatives as the coming elections are coming, and they have been ready to
Buhari and the leaders of APC have had a discussion
Wole Soyinka: Connect yourself to the young
He said: 'He was not arrested and the ruling government is in problem.
It is not only a political government, our country is in problem.
I don't think that there is a time in every life in the world, especially in this country when everything is such a time.
We all know this.
The question is if we are seeing it as a restoration opportunity to continue to do the things that happened in our country in the past?
It is not new history the need to do what will come to Nigeria's unity.
It is complicated that those who are the leaders of the democratic administration who introduced plans that led us to our position today are those who have introduced plans that led us to our positio
Soyinka went on to urge Nigerians to watch water to prevent.
The news that will interest you:
Death Attacks Catholic Church in Anambra
Up to 88 children can die in high blood
Benue: The terrorists have killed 20 people
I forgot that when speaking about the restoration of Nigeria, one or two means those who have their leaders.
People are also advised to arrest themselves because they are those who are part of Nigeria in the conditions of corruption.
Why did Nigerians do not attend terrorist meetings in America?
Nigerian government has condemned themselves for why the meeting of those who wanted to invest in Nigeria and ministers had in America.
Yemi Osibanjo in Abuja
Yemi Osibanjo is among the names in the document used to organize the meeting
Many representatives of Nigerian government expected that they were in a meeting of the Nigerian Ministry organized by the United States.
The arrival of the government not coming made people hopeful that Nigeria would not get foreign investments from foreign countries.
Those who should go there include vice president Yemi Osinbajo, the minister of finance Kemi Adeosun, the minister of finance Ibe Kwachu.
The death of food has increased money
Switzerland has accepted the refund of Abacha money
One of the surprising incidents by the government is the Emir of Kano Sanusi Lamido, who worked as a bank manager in Nigeria.
What Sanusi said
Sanusi said that the supporter of investment in Africa, 'he has Nigeria, he has Gana, he has Ruwanda, Kenya and South Africa'.
He went on to say, 'Nigeria could be more than all of the countries in corruption, but he might say if he will put 500 dollars in Nigeria, let me put 500 dollars in Nigeria.
We went to meet with the investors that are investing in the country, we should start at eight, we should start at eight.
When I arrived there, they called me to the Nigerian representative.
Those who attended the meeting were there, the vice president and ministers were not, Sanusi said.
Sanusi said that the incident was not good, because it shows that Nigeria has not been supported for what is saying.
He said, 'You called people to come and hear how killings are committed in Nigeria, but you do not come.
It is not how to get those who will invest in Nigeria.
If it is the Russians organized this meeting, their president Kagame will stay there and telling people to visit Russia.
People also participated in the matter on social media.
The user with @SegunAndrews agreed on what Sanusi said.
But, the government has said that they are not how they are going.
Lai Mohammed the Minister of Information sent a message explaining that it is not true that those who should go to the meeting will not go.
Mohammed explains that the ministers who are involved in the event did not get the certificate of coming to it, or were in Washington DC during the meeting.
He said that the Ministers of Agriculture, Electricity and Services did not get a certificate despite their names in the documents that will be disclosed.
Minister of corruption took part in the meeting of the Commonwealth countries living in London.
The minister of finance is in Washington DC, but it is for the meeting of the International Banks and IMF.
He went on to say that the Minister for Information and Culture got a book, but he refused to tell the organisers of the conference that he would not return to the conference.
Lai Mohammed said 'These factors show that the Ministers do not refuse to go to the meeting.
Igbos are promised to die'
Ikeogu Oke won 100 million dollars as the best writer in Nigeria in 2017
The winner of the award as the best in writing in Nigeria in 2017 Ikeogu Oke has said that Igbo language will not die if the Igbos are alive.
Ikeogu won N100 million naira as the best writer in Nigeria called the Nigerian Prize of Literature for his book 'The Hero'.
The reason why the book is different is that it was written in the Igbo process.
In his interview with Igbo BBC, Mr Oke spoke about the security of Igbo language, and who he thought it should be in him.
The federal government has declared what will be done with Abacha
Kemi Adeosun the minister of finance has said what the federal government will do with Abacha money in Nigeria
Kemi Adeosun and Christine Lagarde are the chairman of IMF
The Nigerian government has supported the use of over three million dollars of Abacha received by the Swiss government.
Minister of Finance, Kemi Adeosun has said that the money will be used to buy the children as President Buhari promised while contesting for the 2019 election.
He said this while talking to journalists and the global financial meeting held in Washington in America.
Adeosun said that the money has been invested in special banks in Nigerian Central Bank (CBN) to begin creating strategies that will help the poor people.
The death of food has increased money
Senators have called on the chairman of the bank
In his message, he said that the federal government hopes that they create their own plans, what will be good for Nigeria.
In his words, 'We integrate these programmes into development, Nigeria's economy will improve'
What does Nigeria achieve in CHOGM?
Igbo boy has won Big Brother Naija
Do Nigerians not go to meeting in America?
Three things to have multiple financial currency rates cause
IMF urged Nigeria to collect its exchange rates as one, while experts are saying the fault in having multiple.
Naira
EFCC said that Umar wants millions of naira
To strengthen Nigeria's economic crisis, the IMF has urged Nigeria to unite its economic crisis.
Nigeria has at least five financial currencies; one for fuel importers in Nigeria, one for Muslims traveling to Saudi Arabia
According to the economists Pat Utomi and Uche Uwaleke explained to the BBC journalist, having multiple economic changes is false.
See some factors of having many money changes:
It causes disease
Pat Utomi explained that it is doing 'A person who has the opportunity to buy money in the price and bring it to survive, but a person who has the need for the money to collect what he will do
It is not good for business progress.'
Where Abacha money will come
Money currency: Has dollar done on the Naira part?
In his words, Uche Uwaleke gave an example, 'According to the government's currency rate is N305, he could leave that said.
It brings fire to involvement and production in the country.
Uwaleke said that having multiple financial crisis makes many of them difficult.
Only what they will do is buying quality money, they will not have production.
It increases the country's economy
Utomi said that 'if people make foreign currency money to take their children to the national country for schooling, it will make everyone wants to school.
Saraki and Ekweremadu: what people are saying about their prevention
Ekweremadu 'took his economy'
The peace of Nigeria has been put to Ekweremadu again
If 109 people are in Ekweremmadu's house now, it means that all are in his house.
Remember that the senate house decided today to leave the security officers in the house of the senate president, Ike Ekweremadu, where they attacked today.
Ekweremadu was prevented from arriving his house yesterday morning, making him not to attend the senate meeting held today, where up to 14 senators left the AP.
Uche Anichukwu, the spokesman of Ekweremadu, told the Igbo BBC that the EFCC prevented him from leaving his house in Abuja, and not the DSS.
@MrBanksOmishore, the special assistant of Bukola Saraki, wrote the letter that the EFCC sent to Ekweremadu yesterday, on Twitter.
In the letter, the EFCC said that they wanted to investigate Ekweremadu for corruption, corruption and money laundering.
After Saraki entered the house and started plenary, he said that Ekweremdu did not arrive, and said that he should try to ensure that his political government is completed.
Senator Sam Anyanwu said that he was with Ekweremadu yesterday, but not got a document showing that the police are seeking him.
After the plenary, the senators decided that the security officers should leave the house of senate president, Ike Ekweremadu immediately, so that he could benefit from the senate president.
On this morning, Saraki was part of those who prevented leaving his true house.
On the other hand, the Nigerian president Muhammadu Buhari thanked those who came from APC today to go well.
He said this through his Twitter account @MBuhari:
The EFCC bans Ekweremadu's road in Abuja
The video shows where the EFCC sees Ekweremadu's house:
Those who killed and killed Catholic priests have been sentenced for death
The federal court has recognized those who killed and killed Father John Adeyi by suicide.
The court has ordered the arrest of the terrorists
The federal court in Makurdi, Benue state has decided to kill two people, Hartuna Idi and Suleiman Gina who were killed and killed by the killers.
Remember that four kidnappers including Saidu Abdullahi and Aliyu Garba killed Father Adeyi, a Vica-Jenaraal of the Catholic Church in Otukpo Dayosis, Benue state.
What I got to the people
Mikel Obi's father has been released from other people
But later the police were arrested by the police, they said that they received the family of the priest N1.7m as his money but they killed him.
One of them stated that it was he who killed him, while two men were known to be convicted of death today Wednesday.
In a letter sent to the Daily Post, they showed confidence that finally, justice had come to them.
But they agreed that the decision reminded them of the killing of Adeyi, a professor.
Senators have joined Ekweremadu
Saraki and Ekweremadu: what people are saying about their prevention
APC is paying corruption tax - Expert
Does it have a heart to live with a child whose daughter comes to the world?
What Igbo culture said about mother in olden days and every aspiration is part of it.
In the olden days, Igbo believed that the leaders of the daughters could do marriage
The new child in every home causes great sadness in everyone.
But there are some places in Igbo land where the new born child can cause trouble.
The villages like Igbuzo(Ibusa) in Delta state, where children are seen as different.
Who is the head of state?
Some stories explained that the new baby became the mother because her mother asked a god to give her child.
Would you kill this killing that was earlier killed in the olden days?
Do you know what the Igbos are drinking during the olden days?
They believe that the mother is the spiritual signature of the child which they will use to know him.
They are calling these children 'Ezenwa'.
They believe that their mother is their daughter.
According to them, a child will be a good child in the world because his head is strong on his part, they are powerful, and that they will be able to do well in the world.
But many problems are concerned with those who are the leaders.
It is not necessary to maintain your kidnapping properly
Nso participates in the mother's head
Many of these people, believe that the child will suffer big disease or dead if the body comes into his body.
It is a task to participate in the death of the daughter.
Anyone who does this activity should help the child quickly or how much money he needs.
Only this event will stop the child from diabetes.
It is only the mother of the baby that can affect the child's growth.
Religious ceremony
The news said that it is the doctors who are calling the baby.
Now, popular photographers and always many people use their hands.
The child will become a speaker.
Her family will ask her what she wants for her daughter.
Everything she wants that day will be given to her.
Christian king
All Igbo lands are where the prophesies of the Christian Church have been demonstrated.
This has made many Igbo cultures changed.
Now, many Igbo youths do not believe that there is falsehood in making every child that has been caught in the world.
But they are still calling the child to the church as the priests prayed for him.
Doctor Anthony Mgbolu told BBC Igbo that the head of daughter is coming from the family.
What Igbo culture describes about the daughters
An expert in African and language at the University of Lagos, Chiagozie Nnabuihe explained the Igbo BBC that Igbo land during the old days had no belief.
Nnabuihe stated that if the Igbos in the olden days had belief in their daughter, they should give him his name.
In his words: 'Dada is the name given to the Yoruba.
The Igbos are calling for dada because they have had a relationship with the Yoruba.
But is the mother's head a wrong thing?
Nnamdi Daniels is a movie actor
Many people who interviewed us said that there is nothing wrong in the dada but in reality, many people are still looking at the dada people who are still looking at the dada people.
Nnamdi Daniels a man who is the daughter told BBC Igbo that he has been worried about their complaints and complaints about his daughter.
In his words: 'I remember one time I joined the university of Niger State.
'The security officer began to question me and I apprehended about my daughter's head. This caused me a lot of trouble.'
Government has disqualified more than two million Codiene drugs
The Ministry of Health has arrested more than two million codien fights against others
Codiene drug
Youths are drinking codiene
The federal government has said that they have disqualified more than two million codiene drugs in the market in Nigeria.
Minister of health, Professor Isaac Adewole said this when his committee to look into the problem of Codiene came to show him information.
He also said this is to show that the government stated that their aim to ban codiene fight in Nigeria.
Mmachi Codeine: Drugs have increased
Nafdac has increased Emzor and others
Adewole said that his office with the National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control is working with the National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control.
Remember that in May this year, BBC published a video showing the impact of codiene drugs in Nigeria
It was when the video appeared when the government said that they will stop diseases and the drugs.
Government is saying that they are still looking into other medicines is my death.
An interesting story
2019 Election: See some Igbo youths who want to contest for president
Why do Igbos go to these churches?
Why Igbos expulse people from the market
The wrong market is where Igbos fish but is it corruption that they are killing people they left in this market?
The dead
Igbos have different spirits
Why did Igbo call what they call what they call what they call what they call what they call what they call what they call what they call what they call what they call what they call what they call w
Do you know that war has still stayed in Igbo land?
What is wrong market?
The professor of African and Language at the University of Lagos, Chiagozie Nnabuihe explained the Igbo BBC that the Igbos have taken this place as a spiritual market, or that the Igbos have taken th
According to the Igbos, the spirit market is where they live in the land.
There is also the place where they are exposing everyone the land is better.
In Igbo land, God is the most important, but the soul is the land.
Nnabuihe explained that Igbo land believed that land is the spirit that created the world.
Does it have a heart to live with a child whose daughter comes to the world?
Would you kill this killing that was earlier killed in the olden days?
The land is wrong (the land is wrong day)
Igbo believes that the land, sees everything, this means that there is no damage to him.
The false market still is in Igbo land since now
The land will kill this person immediately.
See the disease of those who caused it
Ekpenta (Leprosy)
Another year
Answer (Dropsy)
Ibi(hernia)
Nnabuihe explained that that time, there was no doctor who would treat the diseases we called.
Anyone who has such disease should express the wrong he did before death.
If he does not respond to the wrong he did, they will take him to the spirit market.
Do you know what the Igbos are drinking during the olden days?
Things you should not do on the Igbo side
Other things such as being a husband or wife of another person, or breast feeding and diseases can make the land better for the person.
The expulsion of people is not good
According to Nnabuihe, the expulsion of this person was due to his children and his family.
Christ is the most popular spirit in Igbo land
Igbo in the olden days believed that everyone who represents the person has represented the land in his family.
Where is the spirit market in Igbo land now
The importance of Mbaise in Imo state
Fire stadium in Okija
The nineteenth of the land
Ihiala
Arusi Okija
Igbo culture is dead
Nnabuihe said that this is the wrongest thing happening now in Igbo land.
He said: 'Different cultures in Igbo land in death for Christianity came to Igbo land, people have affected many of these spiritual markets, nobody is involved.
An interesting story
The woman was seen in fire on Twitter for her saying
New politicians look at social media
Ahmed Musa: Al Nasr has received him today
It has been reported that Musa might go to Al Nasr but now, it has been declared.
Ahmed Musa
One person people thought he would join the successful football club Ahmed Musa.
But now, Musa has been shocked in the world cup which has fallen from Leicester City to Al Nasr of Saudi Arabia.
It is not known what money they bought him from Leicester City but it is reported that it was about 70 million pounds.
Do you know women work with the Super Eagles?
The Super Eagles look like the new wife wanted to marry
World Cup 2018: Why Nigeria thanked Ahmed Musa
Leicester City first sold him from CSKA Moscow in 2016 but he returned there during the last 2017 football season.
After the world cup, people thought he would go to Galatasaray because the supporters of the club called him very much.
The picture on the right shows how her new team said'stay' and appreciated her in their group.
At the moment, Ahmed Musa has not said anything about this popular issue.
Babatunde Fashola said that Nigeria is frustrating for electricity
If what Babatunde Fashola said about the production of electricity is true, it will be a great thing for the electricity users in Nigeria.
Animal building
There are many Nigerians that are burning fire for unavailable fire
Minister of Electricity, Works and Housing Babatunde Fashola said that the electricity produced in Nigeria has increased to 70 megawatt.
Fashola said this in Kalaba, the capital of Kros Riva state yesterday.
Electricity will not change until 2023 - Electricity workers
PHCN should give you three months before they fire - Lawyer
Fashola is in Kalaba where the heads of service in his department are meeting.
He said that despite the project was like a flood, his department has changed the situation of electricity in Nigeria more than it was since they started operations in 2016.
Fashola ji is the three departments united by Buhari government
Three years ago, the news was that the production of electricity was the great problem we have in Nigeria.
Then, the firefighters said that they do not have what they will give to Nigerians.
Then, we were bringing 2,690 megawatts to Nigerians, but the news has changed.
What we can now is 5,222 megawatt, which is the highest since Nigeria came.
Now, what is produced is 7000 megawatt, and also 7000.
The problems still are, but we will say that we are continuing.
The news that will interest you:
'Give your child the opportunity to breastfeed'
The Igbos are contesting for king in Kano
Four money exchangers have been killed in Port Harcourt
The way you can make your children happy during the weekend
Both with money and without money, see something you and your children can do during this long weekend.
Students and Oprah Winfrey
The time has come again when students have special weekends because it is long.
Some parents have supported how they will take their children to school called 'Summer Lesson' but not all the children will be enjoyed.
If you are not among those who will call their children 'Summer Lesson', see what you can do.
Women want to pay them salaries
Three out of 12 children have been released in Thailand fire
Buhari: Fight against child attacks
Teach them how to play water
Flooding is a way your children will learn to change the body and learn to flood themselves when they go into the water.
It will also make them easier to prevent them so that they can easily sleep well and feel well.
Try to call them today.
Teach them other training methods and other training methods.
Teach them how to play music
Igbo agree!
Does he have more music than traditional music?
The country!
Will we take care of our children?
Eeeeeee
Tell them the old times
Do you know when the bomb was shot in Igbo land?
Do you know the name of the first man who releases himself?
You can understand this and teach your children.
One way you can do this is to call them to a popular show in Igbo land.
Workers
Call them to a workshop where they will learn work.
This will make them learn jobs that could give them food for the future if they do not get jobs in the university education.
One Group
On the other hand, if you are a culturally interested person, these long weekends are when you can put them in a water or a bus in the country.
This will make them have good interest, knowledge and thought about Igbo culture and where it is.
The news that will interest you:
'Give your child the opportunity to breastfeed'
Why Igbos expulse people from the market
Woman killed herself, while another person took Tramadol
The professors have said that it is a great corruption that caused many crimes including new ways of doing in Nigeria.
Edgal Imohimi
The commissioner of police in Lagos state Edgal Imohimi said that they have reduced the power of the group in Ikorodu
Police arrest a woman who shot herself to get her husband 15 million naira in Ogun state
Also, the kidnapper was arrested where he went to kill people and fever caught him after taking Tramadol.
But psychologists are saying that this type of thinking is much corruption and false friendship is the reason for it.
Mikel Obi's father has been released from other people
Femi Joseph and his group attacked the market to kill his owner but Joseph was shocked when he heard tramadol from the market.
The victims explained that when they arrived the owner of the market, the drug owner struck and went out of the house.
According to a spokesman of the Ondo state police, but as they did not get what they want, one of them started saying even because of tramadol.
She lost 24 hours after she was arrested.
Tramadol was also gotten in his clothes.
On the other hand, a woman named Hadijat Kabir and two other people including one man and another woman including one man and another woman.
The commissioner of police in Lagos state, Imohimi Edgal, said that it was her complaint which made them start investigation to find out if her wife and her wife were involved.
A professor of human behaviour and lecturer at Ebonyi State University, Nnachi Amos said, that it is not the cause of damage but the bad thing.
Some are wrong by having wrong bodies.'
His brother at the Federal Neuro-Pychiatric Hospital in Yaba, Lagos, Chinyere Okonkwo agreed on what Amos said.
Their hands were extraordinary.
If you look, kidnapping is not a difficult project.
Corruption and wrongfulness are more.
The news that will interest you:
Ozubulu Church Massacre: One year has passed
Can a man and a woman be personal friends?
Things you should not do on the Igbo side
A drug treater has died after eight days
The police in Ondo state have said that the deceased who has not come to care for the death of his dead has died.
The person who is sleeping
The BBC doctor interviewed that the deceased should get treatment
The spokesman of the Ondo police Femi Joseph has told journalists that the drug treater has died according to the News agency of Nigeria.
Remember that she is sick since the police arrested her on August 5 where the drugs are sold.
Joseph said that the mother died in a hospital in the state where English doctors were trying to treat him
The mother should get treatment - English doctor
Lawyer Evans has decamped from his case
What happens to the terrorists?
In his words, 'This investigator died after eight nights we arrested him.
We thought we would arrest her so that he could help us in our investigations, but she died yesterday.'
This could come from the drugs he takes.
We use this opportunity to urge parents to know the type of friendship they have.'
The news said that the kidnapper went to kill the medical service provider but the person eaten a bomb.
He and his group later found one person, Daudu Wale his bag, where he went to buy drugs where one of them was injured.
The news that will interest you:
What will you tell Nnamdi Kanu if you meet him on the road?
New baby was released in Onitsha today
Buhari and Osinbajo will meet in 2019?
Five tools you can begin with N10,000
His statement strengthened many questions where leaders in Nigeria and the federal government.
Another story is the story of an Igbo woman called Mama Boko Haram.
Aisha Wakil told BBC Igbo how she borrowed the children that are members of Boko Haram today.
The news that the priest in Nigeria gave birth to three children after 18 years, gave all Igbos and Nigerians great thanks.
Abaribe's words about the kidnappers were popular in 2018
The world cup also interested the Igbos.
World Cup: The 'true looker' has said that Super Eagles will qualify for the last round
Another part of it is the news of the arrest of 40 Ipob women in Owere.
The women are in court today.
Our women do not breach any law- Lawyer Ipob
The IPOB women have been released in Owere
Heavy rain in Igbo land in 2018
Their news strengthened the controversy about IVF.
Five women from Regina Pacis School in Onitsha also supported Igbos when they won the Technovation 2018 competition by being the best in the world.
The news that will interest you:
The three kings will start on January 1 - Nigerian military
Green Revolution: what Shagari created Nigerians
How to remove attacks in events
Second Niger Bridge as a promise given to a woman
Igbo Tradition: Why marriage is used in Igbo land
Many times people are asking why marriage is used in some parts of Igbo land, the story explained.
Man and woman join
Igbo does not accept marriage without marriage
There are most reports of some youths or young people who loved themselves, and agreed to collaborate as married couples.
Sometimes there are also different accidents in this situation, especially a woman who died in the house without a marriage or relationship event.
Woman's character in Igbo land
Five things that interest women
Will the culture stop in Igbo land?
However, this is more affected by different families.
Because of this situation, some countries in Igbo land, made it law that a man must marry his wife with himself, which he did not do when he was young.
Why marriage is used in the body:
In Igbo land, it is not acceptable that a man has married a woman, if he has not fulfilled what he has done.
If he did the court, it was expected that he would come to do as the parents wanted.
According to a cultural expert Nze Olueze Ukaejuoha (The Second Duruagwu) in Umuakara, Isu in Nwangele Imo state told BBC Igbo, the law was prohibited.
An unmarried in life, he married in life, is a process many countries do.
But in Akokwa town also in Imo state, this plan is not worthy, where the families come to take their children's bodies and take their home.
How to marry a woman in the body:
The person will come to tell my children and their children that they have fire (he will not tell them that she has died).
They will go to 'visit' their child, when they saw her body, they will accuse the man of killing their child, accusing him of killing their child, which will make him happy.
To show that it is not him she will agree to marry the woman's body
She will come to marry her
She will come back to tell my children and her wife have died
The man will continue to celebrate his birthday.
What will happen to a woman who refuses to marry a woman in the body:
According to Nze Ukaejuoha, these are things that will make a woman who requests to marry a woman without his heart:
The person will have different ways
There are different things that affect the person
There is nothing that goes well for someone who is such a good person
The person may also die in death
But the person might forgive, thought if all these influences began to influence him.
What someone will do if he refuses
If the man called and later refused to forgive his prosecution, these are things he will do:
The person will advise the young communities to come to make the land disappear
He will be given transparency by ensuring that he did what he should do in two ways.
Nigeria 2019 elections: Presidential candidates  Muhammadu Buhari
The Nigerian president, Muhammadu Buhari is contesting for his second presidency under the ruling party.
President Muhammadu Buhari
President Muhammadu Buhari is now voting to become the third Nigerian president.
It was the way to enter office in December 1983 (1984) after the Nigerian military took the office, but some of his supporters defeated Buhari in 1984.
The BBC conversation is still continuing now
Buhari later became president through his opposition politics in 2015, after efforts to achieve the seat for the third time.
As he ruled as a military, Buhari did not have a good name about human rights.
Although living in the democracy, many people who are in prison for Buhari did not agree to release them as the court said.
The 76-year-old man worked in 2015, and promised to fight against corruption and trafficking, as well as improve Nigeria's economy.
Four years are coming but many people do not believe what he did means.
He promised to win Boko Haram fighting against those who want to separate the Nigerian countries in the Eastern Nigeria, but recently, the Nigerian government has been involved in the fight against t
Their opponents believe that Buhari will meet a good fight from the under-governorship party  the PDP chairman and leader of the PDP.
Buhari is the leader of the All Progressives Congress (APC) who has been named as the major politician in Nigeria, even though he has been the most popular in the political party in Nigeria, despite
The news that will interest you:
It is so small that 'Egwu Eke II' looks for Nnamdi Kanu - Buratai
I am not happy for corruption in the 2019 election' - Atiku
Nigeria Election 2019: Candidates and their vice
Do you know the six people who are the best among the presidential candidates in 2019?
BBC will take them from death.
Those who contest for president
See six people who are contesting for the best presidential candidates and their vices:
As the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) published a document showing that more than 70 people are voting for the election.
The Eastern election support in Eastern has been fired
I will not be like Tinubu to tell people who they will join'
Peter Obi will not give you money but will support every project.
Among these six people and their vices, there are three women; one contests for president while others contest for vice.
1) Muhammadu Buhari and Yemi Osinbajo
Buhari and Osinbajo have ruled Nigeria since 2015 under the All Progressives Congress (APC)
Who is Muhammadu Buhari?
She was born on December 7, 1942
He has ruled Nigeria twice; as a military and a politician.
He contested for presidency three times (2003, 2007 and 2011) before winning him in 2015
In this position he is the president, he is also the minister of oil production in the country.
Who is Yemi Osinbajo?
She was born on the 7th of March 1957
He is a priest in the Redeemed Christian Church of God(RCCG)
He won the position of vice president Buhari in 2015
He is also a lawyer
2) Atiku Abubakar and Peter Obi
Atiku and Obi are contesting for the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in 2019 election
Who is Atiku Abubakar?
She was born on twenty-five of November 1946
He was the vice president from 1999 to 2007
He has contested for president twice; in 2007 under AC and 2018 under PDP
He is a financial businessman who has various trading activities.
Who is Peter Obi?
She was born on thirty-eight of July 1961
He contested for Anambra state governor under the APGA party in 2003 but he did not win in court until March 2006 when he won in court, but he was later released in court.
He later returned to his seat in February 2007, and left in May when Andy Uba defeated him, but the court said that he would be released for four years.
He appointed the position as governor of Anambra in 2014 after two elections.
He is an economist
3) Oby Ezekwesili and AbdulGaniyu Galadima
Galadima is also the chairman of the Allied Congress Party of Nigeria (ACPN) they want to win the governorship.
Who is Oby Ezekwesili?
She was born on twenty-eight of April 1963
He was the minister of infrastructure from 2005 to 2007 and the education from 2006 to 2007
She is part of the Bring Back Our Girls (BBOG) group that responds to the kidnapped Chibok children since 2014
If she wins, she will be the first woman to become president of Nigeria
Who is Ganiyu Galadima?
She was born on 11th June 1964
She studied at Kwara State University where he later became one of the leaders of the institution.
He was former presidential candidate under the ACPN in 2015
He is a corruption person
4) Kingsley Moghalu and Umma Getso
Moghalu and Getso are contesting under the Young Progressive Party (YPP)
Who is Kingsley Moghalu?
She was born on seventh of May 1963
This is the first time he is contesting for Nigerian politics
She studied and got a certificate of lawyer in the university
He is an expert in economic security.
He worked as a director in the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN).
Who is Umma Getso?
She was born in 1981
He is the vice chairman of their party YPP
He is a financial criminal, and a striving for women's rights.
5) Omoyele Sowore and Rabiu Ahmed Rufai
Sowore and Rufai are contesting under the African Action Congress (AAC)
Who is Omoyele Sowore?
She was born on the sixteenth of February 1971
He is a person who talks about the rights of the leader.
She started when she was in university
He established Sahara Reporters
He founded the AAC party in August 2018
Who is Rabiu Ahmed Rufai?
She was born on July 7, 1976
It is a doctor or doctor who is a specialist in health.
She lectured at Bayero University in Kano
6) Fela Durotoye and Khadijah Abdullahi-Iya
Durotoye and Abdullahi-Iya are contesting under Alliance for New Nigeria (ANN)
Who is Fela Durotoye?
She was born on 12th May 1971
He got to Obafemi Awolowo University in Ile-Ife
He is a person who teaches people how to make money, and also a person who uses words to promote people's mind
He is contesting for president under the party Alliance for New Nigeria (ANN)
Who is Khadijah Abdullahi-Iya?
He is the founder of the Women Community of Africa (WCA) and Rags to Riches (R2R).
He is a lawyer
Who will you join?
Imo Election Results: Seven things Uche Nwosu said
Only Uche Nwosu came to the Igbo BBC interview for the governorship contest in Owere Imo state
Igbo went to Owere when BBC Igbo held the governorship meeting of Imo state governorship candidates but it was what interested the Imo people that only one of the candidates were candidates.
The spokesman of the APC in Imo state has responded to Uche Nwosu
Imo APC Primaries: Uche Nwosu has been nominated as the candidate for Imo governorship
These people who took you forward were Emeka Ihedioha PDP, Hope Uzodimma of APC and Ifeanyi Ararume of APGA.
The Igbo BBC president Adline Okere said that it is only Ararume who told him that he might not come because he is starting his voting campaign.
The ceremony started at 2pm afternoon.
In the meeting when he came, Uche Nwosu promised that he would pay three thousand naira as a minimum wage if the government will pay the minimum wage.
Nwosu went on to say that his party has no presidential candidate to speak on his support to President Muhammau Buhari.
Another thing he said is; 'There is nothing in my manifesto I will not do.'
Seven words that Uche Nwosu said:
Uche Nwosu joins APC to join AA to contest for governorship election in Owere Imo state
Nwosu declared what he will do for Imo states if he won the governorship position in the March 2019 election.
Buhari for President: 'AA might release Uche Nwosu'
It is not true that Action Alliance does not support Uche Nwosu - Obidiche
Finally, see what he did in minutes and minutes:
I will give education through church meetings.
I will make healthcare free for children, young women and youths.
I will make youths enter farming
I know that there is something that is concerning political things.
I will make those who live to the Imo people
I will pay more than three thousand naira if the federal government declares it
I will look into the issue of leaving wages.
The news that will interest you:
Uzodimma, Ihedioha and Ararume did not come to BBC Igbo
Atiku comes to America he has a question he will ask us-Lai Mohammed
What Nigerians are saying about Atiku's journey to America
Atiku: Abuja was fired as Atiku returned to America
News about Atiku Abubakar's arrival, the Guinness Wine Company, President Buhari and political economy, Onnoghe story
Important documents:
PDP members and Atiku Abubakar's interesting people came into a bus at Nnamdi Azikiwe Airport in Abuja to visit Abubakar, who visited the United States.
Atiku and the Nigerian President Bukola Saraki participated in a two-night visit to the country where according to Atiku, he and the national government officials were there.
Atiku will join the presidential election that will held on Saturday in Abuja.
Fire in Guinness beer production industry
Fire invaded the Guinness Wine Production Company in Osisioma Industrial Layout, Aba, Abia State on Friday.
The fire that lasted for six hours was the fire service company, as well as other fire service companies, police and the community.
The spokesman of Guiness Nike Onakoya told Igbo BBC that the fire did not affect the person because it is making a big thing.
He also said that their wine production is still in their offices in Benin and Ogba, Lagos Breweries.
There was no damage or major damage due to the incident such as the Aba fire was for construction and there were only few workers.
Where we made our wine production is mostly in our farms in Benini and Ogba(Lagos).
It is fake news that Onnoghen was supposed to be arrested
Femi Adesina is a well known journalist before working in the presidential agency
The Presidential House has said that the news that the government wants to arrest the lawyer Justice Onnoghen is false.
President Muhammadu Buhari's spokesman, Femi Adesina stated on his Facebook page that the 'false news' that they posted to the Party of Nigerians (PNN).
Donald Trump: Progress has been in the case of removing North Korea's nuclear war
The US government shutdown last week because the senators did not support their budget
American president Donald Trump has said that there has been progress in the case of removing the North Korean nuclear war.
He is different in what the experts are saying that he has not gone to the place.
Liverpool and Crystal Palace defeated him
In sports
Liverpool defeated Crystal Palace with three goals to two in their Premier league competition on Saturday.
Government will sell the lives of those who are in corruption
President Muhammadu Buhari has said that his government will buy the money received by politicians in corruption and corruption.
Buhari said this in Kaduna where the planner for yesterday's vote.
He said that the idea was because he did not want to do what he said he did in 1985, was the release of these people's wealth.
The Nigerian Federal High Court has started the release of Onnoghen
The news coming to us explains that the Federal Government has gone to the Code of Conduct to appeal to Justice Walter Onnoghen from his position as Justice.
The professor of the CCT is the Nigerian Lawyer Abubakar Malami
In overseas
Up to 20 people have died in Mexico after the fire of a car pump.
Many other injured were injured in the accident in Hidalgo state in Northern Mexico.
In sports
When Lobi Stars and Heartland FC met
Lobi Stars of Nigeria will meet Asec Mimosas of Ivory Coast today in their second match in the CAF Champions League.
Lobi won their first match with Mamolodi Sundowns in Enugu
Listen to these minutes here:
Watch today's video:
Obasanjo: 'We want the president and healthy'
The ruling president of Nigeria, Olusegun Obasanjo has said many things about how Nigeria is now and what he wants Nigerians to do.
Obasanjo
Olusegun Obasanjo has said that he does not think that Inec will have a good election in the next month.
If they want to have a full election, the new administration will not give them the opportunity.
The union of Obasanjo has begun
This government has been included in 2019-Obasanjo
Obasanjo said this while reporting his book called 'Points for concern and action' in his house where he was writing a book about concern and action.
He said that what Nigeria now wants is a clear president and able to rule the country.
Obasanjo said that Nigerians should listen to the small things Buhari has done to them since he was in office.
In his words, 'Buhari left us first, we will be popular if we ask him to raft us again.'
He added Buhari's administration to that of a military leader known as Sanni Abacha during his life as president.
The news that will interest you:
My child has died because of inundational money.
Do you know Igbo well?
Day 28: Do you know the name of 91 parties in Nigeria?
#BBCNigeria2019
Atiku comes to America he has a question he will ask us-Lai Mohammed
Olusegun Obasanjo: Why Atiku told Buhari
Obasanjo told BBC that he had looked at what Buhari had done and seen that Atiku was better to him.
In an interview with BBC Yoruba, the former president of Nigeria, Olusegun Obasanjo said about the former vice and leader of the politics.
He said that his words are now wrong that he will forgive Atiku more than Buhari because Buhari has done.
Those chosen between them are APC and PDP candidates.
According to what I like to Buhari  unemployment and corruption, corruption, corruption, corruption, corruption, corruption and all the other things he added to him.
Atiku will try two more than Buhari.
He also said about Boko Haram and the Independence National Electoral Commission (INEC).
Obasanjo explained that he believed that President Muhammadu Buhari was like Atiku, which was why he decamped from supporting youths among the 73 presidential candidates.
He also said what happened before the soldiers attacked Odi in 1999, was when up to 2500 people died by the soldiers.
The discussion will be held on the 22th of January 2019.
The arrival also made people take unnecessary drugs because they do not use their money to go to the hospital.
According to Oriuiakhi, 'it is this same thing that some people are doing against preventive drugs why some preventive drugs are dead.'
Four things you do not know about menopause
He said that some people who go to Kemist, take unauthorised drugs from the doctors.
This will make sure that when they found the drug, it would not work in their bodies.
He also said that this is a problem for the health workforce.
What will be done to make preventive drugs work as required?
People should be given good training on how to take preventive drugs.
Only when a doctor has written these preventive drugs is the time that it should be taken.
Nutrition: much nutrition is not that your baby is not that your baby is not that your baby is not that your baby is not that your baby is not that your baby is not that your baby is not that your ba
Those who sell preventive drugs should not buy it anyone if the person has not written his doctor's registration.
An investigation should be called 'Culture and Sensitivity' before giving preventive drugs.
The person did not go to the hospital for an investigation to be prescribed.
Health workers should explain to people the need to know how to take these preventive drugs.
An interesting story
There is no money for the disbursement of Imo state government
The closure of Nigeria's universities and what it means
What will happen if you stop using white clothes?
Nigeria Vs Ukraine: Flying Eagles have been used to be 'the last best'
Nigerians defeated Tijani Mohammed with a gun as Nigeria won the match against Ukraine on Thursday.
Ademola Olajire
Flying Eagle musicians defeated their competition in Ukraine
Nigeria and Ukraine defeated themselves in the U20 World Cup match between Nigeria and Ukraine on Thursday.
But Nigerians are not good as the Flying Eagle musicians have called their 'band' in the competition as they played as they played as they played as they played as they played as they played as they
Nigerians told Tijani Mohammed of Flying Eagle that Nigeria is defeating in the competition
Tijani scored a penalty, the Ukraine goalkeeper reminded him a few minutes before the end of the competition.
This happened as Danylo Sikan of Ukraine scored their first goal.
But Tijani scored another goal with another penalty in 47th minuite of the competition.
Many Nigerians expressed their anger on Tijani
See what some said:
@10Qmedia said that Tijani Muhammed is the most popular player in Nigerian football players.
@vic_MLS complained that Tijani disqualified the penarity opportunity.
@rappatek said that the Flying Eagles coach would have released Tijani in the time.
@SSnetwork said that they do not play with one hand.
Jane Ada: I am using Igbo corruption to show the world the Igbo identity
Jane Ada an Igbo living in America explained how she sees some of the children in Igbo land
Jane Ada who is known for clothing said that it was by clothing that she described some of the Igbo cultures.
Jane who studied Secondary in Enugu before working in America said that she did not know when the started but that God gave her gift
The characters he has called include Amadioha and Ala, two popular Igbo characters.
Listen to how he did and his objectives on culture and Igbo language.
The story writers: Chioma Nkemdilim and Nnamdi Agbanelo
Women's World Cup 2019: Super Falcons and Super Eagles play for football
Some women football journalists have explained some of the problems women football have in Nigeria.
Journalists in football also women have said that Nigeria's Super Falcons should play more in football than their men.
They said despite this that people especially the men do not interest in women's football in Nigeria and Africa.
They went on to say that the government does not invest in women's football as they do in men's football as they do in men's football even though women are in the football sector.
That these incidents do not hear the news about the different women's competitions in Nigeria.
Nigeria vs Norway: Nigeria has defeated France today.
Norway has defeated Super Falcons with three goals in the women's world cup in France.
Norway and Nigeria in women's world cup in France
Norway has scored three goals to Nigeria in the women's world cup which started in France today.
Norway women played football as male while Nigerians made their women their women until they left their women until they began to call their women.
France defeated Super Falcon
Why do women football do not interest you?
First Norway's goal scored by Reiten in the 17th minuite while the second goal scored by Utland in the 34th minuite.
The fear for Nigeria was which showed that Ohale's body was which scored the third goal in 37th minuite.
While doing this, Nigeria used a silver book through Francisca Ordega and Desire Oparanozie who was the way of winning the book.
Norway defeated Nigeria with three goals which Nigeria did not score when the competition was defeated.
On Saturday night the women's world cup was held in France which was held by Nigeria and 24 other countries involved.
Nigeria is in the second round who started the match at Stade Auguste Delaune in France.
Nigeria and South Korea will meet on Wednesday at 2pm at Stade des Alpes, Grenoble.
Spain has defeated South Africa with three goals.
An interesting story
Abuja Supreme Court has created another AIT
NBC has disqualified AIT, Ray Power Public Rights
Why do women football do not interest you?
Nigeria vs South Korea: Falcons have defeated
Nigerian Falcons have defeated their team of South Korea with two goals.
Oshaola of Nigeria
French football has been firing now as the Nigerian Falcons have defeated Nigerian Falcons.
Nigeria's first goal from South Korea when Kim Do-yeon scored the ball in their net in 29th minuite.
This happened that the investigation began through the VAR technology before the goal was received.
Asisat Oshoala showed that South Korea and Nigeria did not come to child match in 75 minutes.
Nigeria vs Norway: Norway has defeated Nigeria
He scored one goal to them which made Nigeria win the competition.
Finally, Nigeria defeated Norway in their first competition.
George Weah has met Buhari in Abuja
Liberian president George Weah came to meet President Muhammadu Buhari on Thursday in the government house in Abuja.
Weah came to meet Buhari
George Weah and Muhammadu Buhari
Liberian president George Weah came to meet President Muhammadu Buhari on Thursday in the government house in Abuja.
As the supporter of social media which the President posted on Twitter, the both countries had discussions on social media issues.
Chiji Collins has been elected as the Imo state house president
New legislators in Imo state have nominated Mr Chiji Collins as their speaker.
The girl, is representing Isiala Mbano Local Government of the state.
He was elected without anyone knowing him.
This is the second time she is going to the house as he was elected first in 2015.
The house also elected Okechukwu Onyekanma, who represents Mbaitoli of the state as his vice.
The kidnapper has released the head of a young girl in Ekiti
The community of Ilasa Ekiti in Ekiti State is in trouble now due to the death of a young girl who refused to marry him
The unnamed man rescued the boy on the road where he went to water and released him on Tuesday.
Man has fired a woman and his family for asking him friend
Man has killed his wife for complaining
The chairman of the community, Ajayi Omolagba said that the first lawmaker took the corruption through his family according to the Fulani law.
But the family of the young girl refused to marry him a man who was why he killed the young girl.
The Ekiti State police said that this happened, that they had arrested the man through the collection they got.
Fire invades shop in Port Harcourt
River state government has announced the fire in Port Harcourt Shopping Mall.
The state secretary Tammy Danagogo told the reporters that they will complete the market as people start trading today being Thursday.
The chairman of Katsina was killed
The kidnappers have killed many people in Benue and other states in Nigeria
The news coming to us says that the kidnappers have killed one priest in Garin Labo in Kastina state
The king was in his farm when the kidnappers came to fight.
In overseas
You have yet heard that Mexican president Andres Obrador has stated that he will buy the president's aircraft to travel to America
Obrador said that he will travel public airlines to ensure that he implements his promises for the American country wants to take their residents.
In sports, Enyimba FC won the award as 'best club' in Africa in 2003
In sports, Enyimba has defeated Akwa United with three goals yesterday.
Enyimba scored 22 goals in their five matches, while Reuben Bala, Stanley Dimgba and Abdulrahman Bashir scored Enyimba.
Listen to these stories here
Child trafficking: Police have arrested child traffickers in Imo State
Police in Imo said that Immaculata Edward kidnapped and kidnapped 5 children from a family in Ngor Akpala in the state.
The armed persons killed the children
The department of Operation Puff Adder of Imo State Police has arrested a person whose handle is killing children
On 24th of April, 2019, a woman named Immaculata Edward said that she was 31 years old from Okondo in Cros Riva State killed five children
NAPTIP has arrested those accusing child trafficking
The doctor has been arrested for child trafficking
Immaculata kidnapped five children of his friend's friend who were their parents told him to care for them.
The children were parents of the mother including; Somto Eke, a six-year-old woman, Kelechi Ekeh, a five-year-old man.
Others are Chisom Ekeh, a three-year-old woman, Ebuka Enwerem, a three-year-old man, Chioma Enwerem, a three-year-old man and Lucky Ida, a three-year-old man.
Children were rescued from their family
Immaculata called them to a popular child kidnapper Perpetual Iwuji from Obokwu Ulakwo, Imo State
Perpetual called two of these children and borrowed them from Grace Nwachukwu from Aboh Mbaise and living in Mpape Abuja.
Immaculata also born two children who were her father's uncles from Cross River State and born to Ifeoma Ndubuisi from Lokpanta Abia State.
The child was rescued from his parents
Through investigations to the police administration, all the children were kidnapped and put to their families.
In the investigation, five children were rescued by Perpetual Iwuji and sent to the children's house.
Those arrested in this include Perpetual Iwuji, Isong Ifara, Immaculata Edward, Grace Nwachukwu, Ifeoma Ndubuisi and Stephen Ezenwa.
The kidnapping of children is not unknown in Eastern Nigeria.
The news that will interest you:
Nothing like the Igbo president-Okorocha
A woman who is a rich woman does not have a marriage?
Rochas Okorocha has drinked position as Nigerian Senator
AFCON 2019: Competition Process and Result
This process will start the African Cup of Nations which will start on the 22nd of June in Ijipt.
African cup
Inec Server: 'We have collected all the number of card readers in one place and on the computer'
Inec said that all those who registered for the 2019 election are in their computers.
Festus Okoye and Emeka Unachukwu
The Inec spokesman Festus Okoye is still confirming that the industry does not have a Server that gives them the opportunity to send the 2019 election.
Okoye said that the Nigerian law did not give them the opportunity to do that.
Justice Garba has joined the case of Atiku and Buhari
House of Assembly has stated to continue for the 2019 budget
In his words, 'the Nigerian law gives the permission to produce all elections under the form EC8A form to the place where they will be collected.'
The Nigerian law that does the election does not use the communication to send messages using communications.
The Collation Officers seem to be their duty to put these documents to the place where it is needed.
There was no time we sent the results of the election.
Okoye agreed that all those who registered their names for the 2019 elections are on the computer, that all the party members were given these names.
No Incident Form will stop corruption in the election
He stated that 'it is only when voting with a commutator that things will be found in the sava'.
He said that he does not know about the result of the 2019 election in any sava.
In the same way BBC also asked a popular competition worker Emeka Unachukwu what is'server'?
Unachukwu said that 'Server' is a competition that integrates other competitions with other competitions to produce different messages.
He said that Inec might say that they do not have a server because there is another industry that has been arrested but it is not true that they do not have a server.
He said that Internet has its own server where many people send their messages.
Unachukwu said that 'Inec will not say that they do not have sava because they have a place where they have data.
They might call this 'data base' but what it is is sava because the company collaborates with other data bases which can be distributed or distributed.
He said that the market of Inec is that they do not have a server.
They are calling on people coming to take their PVC they are ready for the election
Unachukwu said that if the vote was sent to the server, the Inec will also put it in the server.
But they might say that they have not installed the 2019 release on the server which shows that they have not completed their operations.
An interesting story
How to avoid breastfeeding your new baby
Are the Igbos leading in Nigerian government?
To pay two months salaries in 10 months is not wrong-Abia lecturers
Watch our movie
World Blood Donor Day 2019: What people are thinking about giving blood
As today is the time of remembering blood, the Igbo BBC went to ask people what they know about blood.
Today is the remembrance of blood that is called 'World Blood Donor Day 2019'.
BBC Igbo asked people what they know about blood and the type of calls they hear about it.
Listen to them.
Diet and Dementia: how to use chocolate food to avoid birthday problems
Read this article to explain how to use good foods to make your body well and strong.
Rice and foods are specially prepared to celebrate birthday.
Learn about foods that prevent diabetes to give you longer life and health.
Do you know seven foods that can help you fight against wedding problems?
Over fifty five billion people in the world are suffering from chronic disease disease that causes misunderstanding and educational problems, including over fifty five billion people in the world
Even though the victory has been found that victory is part of the challenges of development, but there is no recent experience and support.
Red Wine, Coffee, and Chocolate as well as Champagne drinks have become popular for birthday problems.
But, there is truth in these matters?
Listen to what Sheila Dillon a BBC worker found when she interviewed professors about the matter.
According to you, these foods help your birthday wellbeing:
Food from water
Excellent protein, contained little and also contained in Omega Fatty Acids.
The number of kolanut foods contained in it once or more during the week helps a lot of benefits.
Vine plants and other plants are like it.
Use vine rice to visit your body
Traditional plants like strawberries and blueberries prevent the start of birthday problems.
Kolanut and kolanut are different
Different types of eyewitnesses provide strength and preventability.
Anyone who eats only 30mg of various rices, rye, rye rice, rye rice, rye rice, rye rice, rye rice and eats each protein, minerlas and each protein and each protein and each protein, minerlas and fibr
The kolanut is one of the most important features of the kolanut.
Kolanut gives blood and prevents every day
A person who said that taxes and other food books control the day, the person knows what he says.
Vitamin B
Vitamin B: he has been played
How many people with mental problems given to Vitamin B showed the effectiveness of body restoration.
Do you eat everything you drink?
Let us thank the members of Olmec-Mexico for showing the world a coko drink.
Koko is good for communication and resolves every life.
But remember that you are drinking cocoya water that contains diabetes.
English
You can get Uber clothes for all the environmental clothes
The factor that made English popular in the world is because it helps its better healthcare.
Now have you eyed?
These foods are not available and you cannot find other foods that you do not find in your country.
And remember, these foods are not only for your birthday, they prevent your body to make you well!
This article is a change of the article 'Diet and Dementia', specially produced by the BBC's The Food Programme.
Mikel Obi: what I came to do not to play AFCON competition
The Super Eagles player has announced that it was a victory they came to do in the 2019 AFCON competition.
Mikel Obi
The Nigerian Football Chairman - Mikel Obi
Mikel Obi who will join Nigeria's Super Eagles team to Ijipt for the 2019 African Cup of Nations called AFCON 2019 has said that it is not going to come because it is not going to come because it is
It has been six years Mikel Obi influenced African Cup of Nations.
That was when Nigeria won South Africa
Mikel will not participate in Poland
Mikel's heart is not good
Mikel Obi's father has been released from other people
Another time Mikel played in America was in 2006 and 2010 when the Super Eagles defeated the third.
During this AFCON, Mikel will lead the heavy blooded youths to play this year's competition in Ijipt.
Mikel said: 'Although the new Eagles members are not the oldest in meeting other African countries like him, this competition will give people like Samuel (Nigeria) like Samuel (Nigeria) like Samuel
I also hope that we will come back and return.'
Super Eagles team
He also said how the Super Eagles continued to effort despite their defeat in the Uwa Nations Cup.
Mikel believed that the competition would be difficult but believed that the support and support of the Super Eagles would help them win the competition.
Remember that Mikel Obi played for Nigeria first in 2005 when Super Eagles met with Libyan club.
Mikel said that this competition might be his last for Super Eagles.
He said; 'whenever it is, I will try to make it good.'
Ukraine and U20 world cup: South Korea has played from the U20 world cup
Ukraine has defeated South Korea with three goals and won the youth world cup.
Ukraine vs South Korea
Ukraine's football players have scored three goals against South Korea to defeat South Korea in the under 22 years old world cup.
The victory came after South Korea got a penalty in the morning in five minutes which Lee Kang-in scored for them.
Flying Eagles have travelled
Nigeria has qualified for AFCON U20 competition
But Ukraine told South Korea that they did not see a month when Vladyslav Supriaga scored the goal in the 30th minuite.
Vladyslav Supriaga said that the market was difficult in the fifty-three minutes when he scored his second goal in the match against South Korea when he scored his second goal in the match against So
The Koreans also called many times but Ukraine told them that long is not that my child has completed three goals by Giorgi Tsitaish
The South Korean clothes have disappeared
The world played for South Korea when there was power in the end of the game.
This is the first time Ukraine is affecting the world cup after England suspended it two years ago.
An interesting story
What did I do not to do nor to compete in the AFCON competition? - Mikel Obi
The Court of Appeal has increased Chimaroke to another higher level 'Women who do not want violence'.
They want them to get good rights
Igbo women wear beautiful dresses every time.
Igbo women are looking for efficient men
Whatever a man involves, the Igbo woman will support him.
They want to participate in the work at any time, they do not want to be free
Everything a woman wants to do, she will do for her.
The news that will interest you:
INEC agrees on card reader
China has made Xi the president until death
Rwanda: A terrorist has killed church members
Dapchi children: Fight has come between Buhari and Jonathan
There has been fight between Buhari and Jonathan for the killing of Dapchi students in the South of Nigeria.
Buhari started a visit to crisis cities in Nigeria including Taraba, Plateau, Benue before traveling to Yobe.
President Mohammadu Buhari said that he is better than the former president Goodluck Jonathan that is focusing on the kidnapping of students.
He said this yesterday while visiting Dapchi in Yobe State, where the children were kidnapped last month.
He condemned Jonathan's administration on the look of the Chibok students when they were kidnapped in 2014, and said it was nothing.
Some of these students were killed
But Buhari's words have caused different controversies from many people.
The spokesman of Bring Back Our Girls group, Sesugh Akume has said that the president did not try.
Akume said, 'We are not excited, this is the four years of kidnap of Chibok children, now it has happened in Dapchi as the Buhari administration is doing something as Buhari's administration is doing
It has been less than one month of the children, but now the government is going there.
Despite all their claims that they have released Dapchi children.
The president urged the parents of Dapchi children that he will release the kidnapped children
The special assistant of Jonathan Reno Omokiri said that Buhari's son Yusuf Buhari had more kidnapping than the Dapchi children.
He said that during the kidnap of Chibok children, Jonathan called a security meeting, while Buhari suspended the security meeting during the kidnap of Dapchi children.
He also said that when Yusuf Buhari had a road accident, Buhari closed all the transportation and went to visit his child to the hospital.
The news that will interest you:
The parents of Dapchi students arrest Abuja
Another person who spoke is Femi Fani-Koyede in his twitter;
The spokesman for Jonathan, Reuben Abati said him in the television;
Other Nigerians speak in tuwita
Will the culture stop in Igbo land?
A new baby was born with kolanut, with hot water, water and salad to visit his mother's mother. This is called pregnancy.
New baby and her mother
Training is an Igbo culture that started since ancient times which is still happening until now
The education in Igbo culture is when a mother comes to visit her daughter and her brother (her son).
Sometimes, if a woman does not have a mother (if her mother has died), her father's wife or her husband's mother will stay in her house.
Five things that interest women
Women have removed the law in a new form
Woman's benefits are not in the room
Why she became a woman who watches education rather than a man, is because she is thought that she is the most knowledgeable woman because she has gone through this situation.
The pregnancy period is when a mother teaches her wife everything she knows about care of the new baby.
Sometimes, when the mother of the child comes, the husband's mother comes and the husband's mother comes to give her her own treatment.
A woman who gives birth to a new baby uses effective opportunities when her mother is careing her baby.
What mother does in children
A mother will be giving her baby something that will make her breast feeding
The mother will be eating foods that will make her body healthy
My mother will breastfeed her fire in the year and other places she wants, and also take her what will breastfeed her (robb, abonici).
The mother will bring food to the new baby, put his hands and put him
She will also breastfeed the new baby, even if she is properly breastfeeding.
She will ensure that her child is sitting under a box containing fire water and virus drugs, which will lead to blood from the blood.
She will be forgiving her to be able to today and understand how public before he is able to do.
A mother will be warning her daughter because she has been in the first situation.
He will also do other activities in home such as organizing the house and family foods.
The benefits of education
The pregnancy is the time of a mother, her daughter and her new baby called 'bonding'. For this many mothers travel to the hospital and many mothers travel to the hospital.
She will teach her little girl what her child's clothes mean, or the clothes of violence.
The foods that should be eaten in the day
The woman watches has foods that she eats. Some are to remove blood from her blood during the age of her child. These foods are vegetables and these foods are vegetables and these foods are vegetable
The water floor
Use water
The floor of the floor
Traditional medicine
Tiger is hot and cold
Traditional food
Animals in the road
The fire
Everywhere and everywhere and everywhere and everywhere and everywhere and everywhere and everywhere and everywhere and everywhere and everywhere and everywhere.
Response
There are things that have been discussed about the fact that there are things that have been discussed about the fact that there are things that have been discussed about the fact that there are thi
Every food will have better cholesterol
It is said that kolanut prevents youth from death and other diseases such as corruption.
Women's food should not be consumed in the portion
What is interesting
Egwusi, ogbono and any other place that is used with oil
Ahuekere
Any food containing blood (a woman does not eat it because the blood will contain it in the year or in the body)
The news that will interest you:
What is the importance of a woman's body today?
Have you seen a woman kolanut like a man?
Five things that interest women
What is your objective for judging?
Training examination
Treatment, the mother who comes to treatment will get valuable.
Those who come to visit will be bought to him different gifts such as money, recommendation cards, shoes, clothes, and food.
He will be buyed clothes and clothes that will be delivered to his residents if he leaves his home.
Ozubulu women have done promotion
The news said that Ozubulu's women were dressed as lawyers went to the police headquarters in Amawbia to request protection.
People attacked St. Phillips church last year
Ozubulu women living in Ekwusigo in Anambra state went to the police office in Amawbia to ask them for protection yesterday.
They did this because of the judgment between people who thought they attacked a church in their community last year.
They said that the people are fearing their lives and that it is also because of this they are seeking prosecution that will give information against the attackers in court.
They will have a big document that will be written 'we want justice' 'we want the prosecution of the police in court'
What a suspect said about Ozubulu's killing
The spokesman of the police in Anambra Nkiruka Nwode told the Igbo BBC that what is important to these women is to be peaceful in their country.
Nwode said that the women are doing what were requested by the police to encourage them to go to court for the killing of their country.
The commander of the police in Anambra state, Garba Baba Umaru gave the women support, saying they will go on.
Umaru told the women that 'wherever I am here, there is nothing to do for you, I will ensure that you get justice'.
What happened in Ozubulu
The gunmen went to St. Phillips Church of the Catholic church and killed people while preaching
The attack killed 11 people on August 6, 2017
The news said that it was a conflict between two people living in South Africa that caused the incident.
This made the Nigerian and South African police started investigation on the matter.
Those accused of being involved in the case were: Onyebuchi Mbanefo, 46, Chukwudi Ugwu, 30 and Great Chinedu Akpunonu, 44 are: Onyebuchi Mbanefo, 46, Chukwudi Ugwu, 30 and Great Chinedu Akpunonu, 44
This matter is still in court where suspects appear regularly
The news that will interest you:
Timbershade market has been removed
The benefits of education in Igbo culture
Two Nigerian soldiers have been killed in Plateau
People's thoughts about not marriage are interesting me.
In Igbo land, young women until 30 years of marriage are suffering frustration, problems and other problems.
The young girls join a school woman
Those who have not married the husband are being violated
The movie (we do not put his father's name as we promised) is over thirty-three years working as a representative of people in their office.
Nkiru told the BBC journalist that her situation caused her suicide, aggression, assault and despicability from her family and others.
The last time I went to home, our househelp told me that I would leave the house if no man came.
She also argued that her father (her father has died) does not give her and her wife more than them because they have not married.
Listen to what the movie said:
The people of our house told me if I went to another house and I did not see my husband'
In Igbo land, marriage is the form of marriage for a young person
According to the 2013 National Demographic and Health Survey called 'National Demographic and Health Survey' in Nigeria, the number of demographic and health survey was conducted by the National Demo
The benefits of education in Igbo culture
Will this stop in Igbo land?
This is saying that marriage is a traditional culture in Nigeria.
But if a woman has reached the level of marriage or not, especially in the Eastern region of Nigeria, she is looked away, and attacking some of the problems.
What happened to it?
According to sociologists known as'sociologists', the major cause of kidnapping or killing of children is the cause of kidnapping or killing of children.
In his remarks, Dr Adedeji Oyenuga, a professor of Sociology at Lagos State University, explained that it is culture and that some parents see marriage.
It comes from culture. There was times a child was responsible for his parents, but when the child was responsible for his parents, the man was looked at the man to marry a woman, the man was looked
Dr Nkechi Emma-Echiegu a lecturer at Ebonyi State University also said that it is culture.
In Igbo land, it is the question of the mother, the marriage person is questioned.
He went on to say that it is a wrong culture that a young man is killed or kidnapped because of no marriage.
Listen to what he said in mind:
What causes non-marriage in time:
Dr Adedeji Oyenuga said that the reason for non-marriage is the woman to read high school which could make many male married her.
Another is that women are more popular than men in the population. He also said that men leave their fathers from the country than women.
Things that have not been married causes
According to Professor Oyenuga, marriage has not been caused by a lot of factors such as drinking, hard drinking, diabetes, heart disease, and high security of life.
Echiegu said that it could lead to different tragedies including poor thinking, false thoughts, marriage marriage, suicide and death.
They said that having understanding will help stop the unmarried culture that makes a woman unmarried as an unfortunate.
In Oklahoma, a woman will go to prison for marrying her child
A woman has been jailed for two years for marrying her daughter in Oklahoma in America
Patricia Ann Spann and her son, Misty Dawn Spann
The woman married her son
Patricia Ann Spann, who is fifty-five years old confirmed that she worked with her daughter, Misty Velvet Dawn Spann, studied and had a marriage.
The woman was received her children when they came another time in 2014.
They married themselves at the time of marriage of a woman or a man to marry a man in the area.
The investigators found that Patricia Ann Spann married her son when she was 18, while the boy lived the relationship in 2010.
The news that will interest you:
Former Catholic priest has sued
The people of our house told me if I went to another house and I did not see my husband'
Dangote son has studied in Kano
It was the visitor department found about the woman and her child during their visit to their home.
According to the newspaper, Misty Spann launched her relationship with her mother in October last year after discussions that her mother did not contest with her mother.
Misty Spann said that her mother accused her of 'three lawyers who advised her of advice to continue in the association'.
Patricia Ann Spann said that their agreement was not against law because she had not registered her name in her girl's graduation registration as their mother.
Misty Spann accepted that she violated the law against blood sexualities. She was given 10 years for research and visits and psychological adviser.
While her mother Patricia will also continue her eight year investigation under the prosecution and her name will be put in the list as a victim of human rights.
In the law of Oklahoma, a person to marry his blood is a blood damage if they have or not have any relationship.
Igbo food: what you do not know about food you eat
Kolanut is one of the most popular foods in Igbo land, it is also an Igbo culture.
This is what it is what it is what it is what it is what it is what it is what it is what it is what it is what it is what it is what it is what it is what it is what it is what it is what it is
Trees are being removed before producing its fruits
Many Igbos know that they do not know how to produce kolanut before it becomes consumed.
The kolanut has a root that produces breadfruit called 'breadfruit'. Its fruit called 'breadfruit' called 'breadfruit'. Its fruit called 'breadfruit' called 'breadfruit'. Its fruit called 'breadfruit
The kolanut comes from its leaves to the land, has been removed from its leaves before producing the kolanut before producing the kolanut. Therefore the Igbos said that 'kolanut comes from the kolanu
Before eating, it will go to different ways such as:
His eyes are strong
It is different from the fact that he is different from the fact that he is different from the fact that he is different from the fact that he is different from the fact that he is different
Or seeing him in fire
The ingredients that are used to make it
This is what it is what it is what it is what it is what it is what it is what it is what it is what it is what it is what it is what it is what it is what it is what it is what it is what it is
Food ingredients
Some also add yabasi, maggi and sha
Some add chicken while some add chicken while some add chicken while some add chicken while some add chicken while some add chicken while some add chicken while some add chicken while some add chicke
Some also add rice
Some also include oil
Welcome until the time it comes
How to use it
These things you should do before taking your feet:
Wash your hands with a little water to ensure that your hands are not involved in it.
Put her into a pressure pot and put her water with water that will clean her well
Some add cassava or cassava to make it clear and strengthen the cassava.
It wash and add the water inside it and add the water inside it and add the water inside it.
Leave it with the foods you add into it and the foods you add into it.
Remove it and leave it in the fire so that it stays in the fire and write very well
Kolanut is a beautiful food that you can eat without adding or unadding any ingredient.
How to eat it
When coming to some villages like Urualla in Imo state, they do not remove the water used for their bodies. They drink it differently and eat it differently.
Some do not add food into their bodies, while some do not leave water into it which is when they put it in water.
Rice is also produced with cheese or cheese today.
Many people use traditional jewelry
How to safety
She is also warned to be called before being shot down for those who will buy it to foreign country.
Before you wash the bottle, put it in water from night to midnight until afternoon. This will make it effective and dry when you wash the bottle.
What it gives to body
The research by scientists showed that the body has a lot of good ingredients in the body, such as riboflavin, iron, niacin, thiamin, iron and fossil.
It is good for human health. Some use its clothes because it causes dandruff, preventing diseases called dandruff.
There are also small fats called saturated fats, colesterol and sodium.
Some drink different water while some drink it with its water
Other things you do not know
Some oils are also included in some oils to give it pleasure (flavour)
Kolanut is produced using flour
It is also produced fuel
The news that will interest you:
He is in Enugu for Fayose's visit there
We will expel the government into court - ICSC
The benefits of education in Igbo culture
Death and much have struggled people
The resident of the market and a doctor said that the place causes different diseases.
They are shutdown the market
Houses which are transported from this place cause great disease
Those who visited Ikosi, Isheri or Ketu in Lagos state are drinking from where the government is trying to remove the Oloso market called Oloso.
Enugu State has this on the road from Enugu to Port Harcourt.
The fear of these places is like the fire in Lagos, some of the people here have been released because of heartbreaking.
In Lagos, the report said that one child died because the death said that the death was everywhere.
For this, the Lagos governor, Akinwunmi Ambode has closed down the trading place.
Government and communities protect the markets at all times
What people are saying
But the majority of people still live here.
BBC Igbo called a man named Samuel Osaze on the phone.
He said that the breast coming from the place is the cause of great disease.
This building comes because the government is firing this place at all times. Yesterday when I was walking on the road walking to my house, a big building came into my house.
In 2013, the Lagos Waste Management Agency LAWMA said that Lagos waste is about thirty thousand tonnes.
A medical doctor, Dr Ikechukwu Mgbolu said that death from different places causes various diseases such as cholera and fever (Cholera).
He also said that people with asthma cannot live far from this place.
Mgbolu said:'The major death is called upper respiratory infection called 'upper respiratory infection' because of the increase of cabon monozide in the body.
Osaze said that the matter is not allowed to be published between March and Sunday all years because this is a rainy season.
Residents of Lagos traffick always on roads in Lagos
Osaze said, 'No developed countries are watching fire trafficking now because they know that such activities cause great disease.
Government should buy something called incinerator which is an electricity device.
Governor Ambode has said that any market will not be distributed there because of different diseases.
It is hard for other states to do what they will do with the trading places between their communities.
The news that will interest you:
Why Buhari stops Rwanda's journey
Do these banks are trafficking Nigerians?
Uber car kills people in America
A Uber driver killed a woman in Tempe in Arizona, America
Uber
Uber company has shown shock about the woman they killed
Uber who is part of the personal vehicle manufacturer has said that they have suspended the examination of their vehicle after they drowned a young woman.
According to the report, the incident made Uber stopped the travel examination they began.
Uber president, Dara Khosrowshahi said on Twitter that the death was 'a very shock'.
We are thinking about the family involved and we are working with the world to understand what happened.
This accident is not only Uber affected, it will affect the efforts being employed to create a self-driven vehicle for human transportation.
The news that will interest you:
We will expel the government into court - ICSC
Do these banks are trafficking Nigerians?
Putin will rule Russia for six years
But they buy it for a currency currency, it will make many of the money invested in schools in Nigeria jenite.'
In few years ago, Nigeria had problems with economic crisis as its economy had declined due to the increase in the price of oil in the world market.
It is this situation that, according to Uwaleke, it will not be necessary for Nigeria to follow the recommendations given by the IMF.
Uwaleke said that if Nigeria has it now, it would be difficult for her to pay the wages he uses from overseas because it would be cheap.
The news that will interest you:
What does Nigeria achieve in CHOGM?
Do Nigerians not go to meeting in America?
Police have banned Dino Melaye's house
World Cancer Day: How I got cancer treatment - the winner of cancer
Gloria Orji is an Igbo girl who won cancer and beautiful, she says where she won cancer, another girl will win cancer.
Cancer is a disease that is warning the world for how it kills people
The worst is those who want drugs want it but no drug has been produced in the drug.
The theme of the 2019 Cancer Disease Celebration is 'I can, you can' which means we all can attack cancer.
But Gloria's daughter who discovered cancer in her breast in 2010, was diagnosed with cancer in her breast in 2010, she was diagnosed with kimo and other things and won the disease.
In his words, 'Cancer is not a death judgment', now, he is participating in the case of women with cancer disease.
He told the Igbo BBC how he injured her disease.
Bill Cosby has been accused of killing a woman
Bill Cosby may go up to 30 years in prison for attacking a woman.
Bill Cosby
Bill Cosby is well known as a politician
The American court has decided that the judgement of Bill Cosby has been convicted of three accusations of attacking women.
It is Andrea Constand former basketball player who has been prosecuting Cosby in court since 2004.
Release Nnamdi Kanu during his case
The court has ordered Innoson to be arrested
Cosby, 80, is still accusing the allegation, but a resolution could put him in jail for three years.
This is the second time Cosby is sueing himself in court for the women's attack.
Bill Cosby is popular in the movie called 'The Cosby Show'.
Many women are still accusing Cosby of attacking but Cosby said that they are all.
The news that will interest you:
MASSOB - Ebere Buhari is doing nothing
See different foods produced from kolanut
Codeine, depression
Codeine, a tragedy is the story of how much drug trafficking causes the lives of youths in Nigeria which was reported by BBC.
Codeine, a tragedy is the history of how much drug trafficking causes the lives of youths in Nigeria.
The BBC journalists did a secret investigation and explained how the producers, the sellers are selling children in a violation of the law.
Codeine violence: Emzor has sacked workers
Emzor Pharmaceuticals has sacked one of their employees for investigation, 'Codeine Otomegbu' done by BBC.
A man takes copdeine
The news is saying that some politicians take youths as a gift
The Nigerian pharmaceutical company, Emzor Pharmaceuticals, has suspended one worker, and suspended two workers due to their involvement in the industry.
Emzor sacked one of their business managers who sold the BBC journalist, Emzolyn syrup.
They said this on social media after BBC released their video on Monday night 30th April.
In the one-hour video, a team of drug sellers including one Emzor worker who includes one Emzor worker was selling drugs to people.
Angry and expectations for those attending the video which was shown in Lagos yesterday
A person said that it is the politicians who are putting oil in the fire in Kano as he said that they give youths the drug.
But Emzor company has assured them that they do not sell drugs without false ways.
They also said that they have suspended the buying of Emzolyn with Codeine until they will complete investigations on the allegations that they are selling their drugs without payment.
Emzor stopped one of their shops and later left him from work.
Emzor Pharmaceuticals is a company that is respectful and responsive.
They have a license to buy more than 20,000 drugs including Emzolyn Codeine from NAFDAC.
They went on to say: Emzolyn Codeine's import has been stopped until a complete investigation will be completed.'
In a BBC interview with the Director-General of the Department of Pharmacists in Nigeria in the Eastern Region, Dr J.
Okafor said,'We have a plan on how drugs containing codeine in Nigeria which made people cannot buy it without a doctor.
Any industry found that violates the law, we are closing it.'
Many Nigerians in choal midia are congratulating Emzor for their hard work among the youths.
One person who asked the company said: So, if the BBC did not show the report, your company would not do anything to control the information.
Do your workers do not know what they are doing?
Another person, Mairo Mandara, called for the government to ban drugs containing codeine.
Codeine: NAFDAC has attacked four industries and shutdown many drugs
NAFDAC said that they will try to stop all companies supporting codeine drugs in Nigeria.
NAFDAC officials
Always NAFDAC is attacking drug producers in Nigeria
The Nigerian Food and Drug Safety Commission (NAFDAC) has attacked four drug producers in Lagos, Ilorin and Lagos State.
The attack, was complemented by a BBC research that showed how people destroyed drugs containing codeine.
NAFDAC said that the attack they did, showed that the companies are still producing drugs that contain more codeine than the law giving them the opportunity to produce drugs that contain more codeine
Codeine Ban: Will Dextromethorphan come to the discussion?
Government has banned codeine drugs
Codeine violence: Emzor has sacked workers
The wife of the president has called for codeine
The head of NAFDAC, Mojisola Adeyeye, told journalists that now, they are investigating the work of the four agencies BBC showed in their video.
In his words: 'We have banned many drugs containing codeine in a drug producing industry in Ilorin.
Bioraj Pharmaceuticals company said that they have suspended their worker, Junaid Hassan, and Emzor also said that they have suspended their worker, Chukwu Abubakar.
They appeared in the BBC video as those who used to buy codeine.
But the stakeholders say the government should take these institutions more than investigations are investigated.
Other stories that will interest you:
Four ways of journalists said that they were expected to work.
The court has refused to release Dino Melaye until June 11
Buhari has suspended his US journey to Nigeria
The Nigerian president, Muhammadu Buhari has expulsed Nigeria from the United States after stopping in London.
Muhammadu Buhari
Buhari and Trump commended for attacking military terrorists
The Nigerian president Muhammadu Buhari has followed his visit to America to visit President Donald Trump.
The airline was caught at the presidential airport of Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, Abuja at 10:00am.
Some government workers went to accept it.
He was the spokesman of the president Femi Adesina told journalists this after the vehicle fled out.
President Buhari will go to America
See what Buhari and Trump discussed
Four ways Buhari told Trump
Buhari who left Washington DC on Tuesday after having a meeting with Trump in London.
The highest spokesman of the president Garba Shehu, claimed the suspension of the accident to investigate a plane said that it was because of the airline.
He also said that Buhari was unable to do the journey, why he stopped from Britain
Shehu said that the stop was for taking petrol in his aircraft and investigations before arriving Nigeria.
He said that there is nothing that is a stop because the president has received Nigeria.
But see what people are saying on social media:
The news that will interest you:
Only the god will believe that Buhari has done well
NAFDAC has attacked four companies for codeine
Do you know that killing a person who wants life is wrong in Nigeria?
President Buhari has visited London again for medical visit
President Muhammadu Buhari is going to see his doctor who asked him for visit and treatment.
Buhari
It has not been a week Buhari from America where he had a meeting with Donald Trump.
President Muhammadu Buhari will arrive today to London where he is receiving treatment for his disease.
A letter written by the presidential spokesman Garba Shehu said that the president will stay for four days in the journey.
He said that when the president went to London for repair and petrol in his aircraft when he arrived from America, he made a meeting with his doctor.
Buhari has suspended his US journey to Nigeria
Buhari will travel to UK today
Why did Buhari come to Lagos?
She said that her doctor told her to return which the president promised to come.
The president will arrive on Saturday 12th of May.
Shehu said that he arrived, he would visit Jigawa state, a trip that was removed for the APC meeting in the workshop.
The journey will take place on Monday 14 and Tuesday 15 this month.
Remember that the president is getting treatment in London but he does not tell Nigeria the name of his disease.
The news that will interest you:
Lagos: Up to 2131 women are diagnosed with HIV
There are 45 children in Gwaska
Igbos will not marry independently'
Sweet sweet codeine: Nafdac has shutdown three drug companies producing codeine
Nafdac has shutdown Bioraj, Peace and Emzor for illegal distribution of drugs containing codeine.
Codeine, depression
Many youths are suffering from diabetes and different diseases due to high use of drugs.
The Department of Food Management and Production, Nafdac has closed down three factories; Bioraj Pharmaceutical Limited, Emzor Pharmaceutical Limited and Emzor Pharmaceutical Limited.
Ltd and Peace Standard Pharmaceutical Limited are a company engaged in the production of codeine drugs against law.
BBC released a secret report of their secret investigation which led to how the three companies used the method of producing the drug which was unlawfully delivered.
Codeine, depression
Codeine violence: Emzor has sacked workers
Government has banned codeine drugs
In a letter released by the Nafdac chairman, Mojisola Adeyeye, the closure included the investigation they did as they went to the offices.
Because there was no clear information and efforts to prevent the production of sufficient documents when we did our investigation on May 2, in their office, they were able to prevent the production
This is to provide the opportunity for complete investigation.
Nafdac is investigating cases for the investigation BBC has done about the drug