The news that will interest you:
Joseph Achuzie, Dike Biafra has gone home
Dapchi: Government has not defeated Boko Haram - Massob
Tottenham hopes to win the FA cup in Rochadale's victory
Son Heung-min, Fernando Llorente and Kyle Walter-Peters of Tottenham were the captors of Rochadale in the yesterday's competition.
Son Heung-min of Tottenham and his team are hearing when he scored in the FA cup
Tottenham has won FA cup eight times
In sports, Tottenham scored Rochadale six goals to one in FA
This victory means that Tottenham and Swansea will play quarterfinals in FA cup which will be played on 17th of March.
Son Heung-min scored first and fifth goals. Fernando Llorente scored 3 goals in 12 minutes in the second round, while Kyle Walter- Peters scored first goal.
Son Heung-min stopped Rochadale's team's football
What will happen next?
Tottenham will go to Wembley Stadium on 3rd of March, and they will compete with Huddersfield in Premier League, before they and Juventus will compete theirs in Champions League on 7th of March.
Rochdale's team had 16 competitions to save themselves and thrown them to relegation in one league.
Their first match will be with Plymouth on March 3
The news that will interest you:
Guardiola has won his first match in England
Champions League: Neymar has defeated
Chief Police Director: Open cows before prohibiting rearrest
The commissioner of police has told the governors to continue to open cattle farm before prohibiting cattle trafficking in their states.
Ibrahim Idris
The commissioner of police Ibrahim Idris has said that the state should be the basis for the release of cattle rearing land before they cancellation of cattle rearing.
The commissioner of police said this yesterday at the cardboard at the council of stakeholders said that it will help solve problems and emerge between farmers and cattle farmer.
He went on to say that the problem that arose in Benue was because the state government had not opened the cattle farm before prohibiting the hunting of cows.
At the meeting with the theme, 'The Rural Development: Security Crisis and the need to find adequate means to stop it,'Crisis between farmers and cattle farmers has not started during President Muhammdu Buhari's reign.
Idris said: 'In my mind, to reduce chaos between farmers and cattle rearers, the state government will try to build cattle rearers in their states before enacting law to stop cattle rearing.
The news that will interest you:
The market has burnt in Albaba International
For Achuzia, we will see that Biafra is fulfilled'
In Imo state, an animal park has a lot of wildlife
An animal park in Imo state has a variety of wildlife populations.
Different animals are in their camp in Imo state
These animals were also built with proper houses to live well.
George Weah's son Timothy has started play in PSG
Timothy Weah has gone to PSG where his father George Weah was a well known musician from 1992 to 1995
Timothy Weah
Will Timothy Weah do well as his father does as people think?
The son of the Liberian president George Weah known as Timothy Weah has started playing in PSG, where his father had previously played.
Timothy emerged yesterday as PSG and Troyes competed.
While Neymar and Kylian Mbappe were not on the ground for injury, Angel husband of Maria and Christopher Nkunku were the goal winners of the PSG in the competition.
Neymar and Mbappe without him gave Weah the chance to play in this competition.
George Weah scored 55 goals during PSG football season
Timothy's father, George Weah played for PSG before 23 years, before he left for AC Milan.
PSG has 10 competitions ahead, among which they should get 17 points if they will raise this year's French League cup.
They will meet with Real Madrid on Tuesday in their second Champions League. In the first round, Real Madrid defeated them with 3-1
The player Neymar will not play anymore in this season because of injury.
The news that will interest you:
Nigerian government has dispatched airplanes to search for Dapchi's children
A man has killed his children in Awada
The fear of the Fulani herdsmen has caught many
Charly Boy has said that he needs special youths to rule Nigeria
Charles Oputa who was known as Charly Boy expressed his anger over the Nigerian government system.
A prominent Nigerian youth King, Charly Boy said that he is not happy about the state of Nigeria.
When he was interviewed by the Igbo BBC, he asked 'Why is he being the wicked ruler of Nigeria?
Charly Boy said that he is looking for special youths to prepare for taking the lead in Nigeria.
'I am disturbed since thirty-five years ago that Nigeria's salvation will be for special youths,' as Charly Boy said.
Oscars 2018: Kobe Bryant is among the winners
American Football player Kobe Bryant has joined the winners of the video.
Kobe Bryant, a well known American football player
Special victory- Kobe Bryant has won.
In a surprise, Kobe Bryant who was famous for playing basketball in America has won the award of the Oscars.
He benefited from this due to the recent video.
See other winners of Oscars held early this morning.
Winners:
The Shape of Water has the award of 'Best Picture'.
Frances McDormand Receives 'Best Actress' for Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
The winner of 'Best actor' is Gary Oldman for Darkest Hour
Guillermo Del Toro earned 'Best Director' for The Shape of Water
Get Out By Jordan Peele Receives 'Best original screenplay'
Oscars 2018: what the watchers wear came out in the generation
The award night is talking about him in Hollywood
See the photos of people's clothes and red carpet
Danai Gurira made a reality show of Black Panther and Walking Dead.
The Academy Awards award known as the 90th Oscars took place at night when people showed their clothes.
See what the actresses dressed for this ceremony
Daniel Kaluuya
Daniel Kaluuya a British actor of Get Out is among the titled Oscars award
Lupita Nyong'o
Lupita Nyong'o got Oscars in 2012 for his 12 Years a Slave
Jennifer Lawrence
The uniform of Jennifer Lawrence who made the film of the Hunger Games resembles a silver scroll of Oscar
Andara Day
Andara Day is an American singer and musician, lying on a red carpet, asked people to look at her clothes.
Oscars 2018: How it went
Black Panther is well built
Africa was presented at the Black Panther inauguration ceremony.
Black Panther: Could you really be in this movie?
Tom Holland
Tom Holland made the Spider Man movie dressed in beautiful clothes to name the winner of the award at the ceremony.
Chadwick Boseman
Chadwick Boseman is the king of Awanda T Challa in the video that Black Panther dressed in Givenchy's uniform came to Oscars.
Ashley Judd
Ashley Judd who intervened in Time's Up's speech was out of red carpet.
Adam Rippon
Adam Rippon, an Olympic star called figure skating, was persuaded to curse him as he was wearing a colour made it appear as if he was produced by the fifty Shades Of Grey movie.
Salman Hayek
Halman Sayek wears yellow clothes.
Darrell Britt-Gibson
The photographers have been on their way as Darrell Britt-Gibson performs a red carpet show of Three Billboards.
Whoopi Goldberg
Whoopi Goldberg's attire is like a dragon.
Patrick Stewart
Sir Patrick Stewart made a X-men scandal with Time's Up in his uniform to bestow photographs on voters.
Sally Hawkins
Sally Hawkins, a British, was among the titled winners of the award for the show of The Shape of Water.
Saoirse Roman
Saoirse Roman made a video of Lady Bird appearing on red carpet Oscars 10 years after his first appearance in 2008 while he was still a 13-year-old boy
Meryl Streep
Meryl Streep has been named for 21 Oscars award since he started acting
Margot Robbie
Margot Robbie made a beautiful tonya movie in his red carpet uniform
Tiffany Haddish
Tiffany Haddish created a good African dress known for the Eritrean women in Ethiopia
All these photos contain copyright.
What other African nations have done better for Nigeria in movies
When it comes to the world's most loud video called Oscars, Africans are showing Nigerian hundred.
Oscars award
2018 is the 90th year of Oscars celebration in Hollywood
After the Oscars which is the world's biggest video show, the Igbo BBC studied and found other African countries to be better than Nigeria in the movie industry.
Oscars 2018: In Africa and Nigeria
BBC noted that despite the fact that some Nigerian film producers are adding some Hollywood people to their videos, it has not made them to be among the people called to win any top in Hollywood.
Nollywood are the producers of films in Nigeria and other parts of Africa among the prominent and have been shown by other African nations.
Lupita Nyong'o, a child of Kenya who lives in the United States, won the award of 'the best female activist' in 2013
In the last few years, Nigeria is seen as a 'dresser' in African films, but now it is as if others have gone by.
With Nollywood himself producing more than 1000 films in one year in two position in the world, Hollywood is producing less than that but it does not say they are all around the world hoping that they are producing the best movie.
But when it comes to Africa, Kenya and South Africa put Nigeria above the Oscars prize.
The source of South Africa
What concerns me is the security and economy of the country.
How Senators Manage Nigerian Money
See who is in the senatorial seat
Nigerian youths have challenged Buhari for calling them'laziness'
Nigerian youths do not agree with Buhari's statement that CHOGM is lazy.
Muhammadu Buhari
Nigerians are saying that President Muhammadu Buhari is missing them in overseas for a while
People are still involved in the issue of 'comment' that the Nigerian president calls youths.
While Buhari visited London for the Commonwealth council meeting called CHOGM, he said that Nigerian youths are lazy
This statement did not make many Nigerians laugh, which made them angry on social media.
Buhari's three words'moved Nigeria to the ground'
Buhari's words irritate the youth
The president cannot insult Nigerians
Buhari's spokesman Femi Adesina said that Nigerians misunderstood what he said.
Adesina's statement does not stop people from expressing their feelings.
#LazyNigerianYouths are being popular
Many of them went on to prove their jobs, saying that they are not lazy despite the poor land of Nigeria.
A white man was involved in the matter.
Some said how they trained themselves in school through their efforts.
Some said that they will not live with Buhari in 2019
One person who uses joke to show a disabled person is still working with him
Who will be the new chairman of Commonwealth?
Commonwealth leaders are meeting to find out if the Welsh king will represent his mother as the chairman of the department.
Ezen lady Elizabeth
An English woman wants her son Charles to succeed her
Commonwealth leaders are meeting to discuss whether the Welsh king will replace his mother as head of state 53.
On Thursday, Ezen a British woman decided that her son Charles will rule ChOGM in Buckingham Palace.
She said that she wanted her son Charles to rule ChOGM someday.
But the post is not what the woman gives to her child if she dies.
It is being expected that the Commonwealth chairmen will decide who will rule them when they meet at Windsor Castle but there has been no indication that the matter will be stated at the summit.
Is there no one else who can take over commonwealth?
BBC journalist, James Landale said that the post was ongoing in Commonwealth.
But, South African President Cyril Ramaphosa has canceled his visit at a meeting held in London to see what is behind the attack in his hometown.
The invasion is happening in North Africa where protesters are asking to give them jobs, houses and sanitation.
What is the role of the Commonwealth president?
The position of the British lady is very important.
The department is uniting fifty- thirty countries to ensure that Commonwealth's design is a reality.
This includes uniting these countries through trade and international cooperation.
An interesting story
Chimamanda said that he was attacked by someone
The president cannot insult Nigerians
Nigerian youths have challenged Buhari
The chairman of these agencies visits all countries in the agency, in order to make the agreement firm.
It is the leaders of this group that are making decisions who will be their leader all around.
Prime Minister Theresa May and Prime Minister of Canada Justin Trudeau have supported Charles's son-in-law.
What is CHOGM?
CHOGM is Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting in English.
It is a meeting of leaders of Commonwealth countries, which is held every two years.
Those who do this are the citizens and the 53 state Prime Minister and their families, their spokesmen and journalists.
The year's meeting took place in London, whereas the last one in 2015 was in Valletta, Malta
The money borrowed from Imo will not enter our bags - Rochas' spokesman
The Imo state government is saying that the tax plan is not in their custody, but they will support it with ten million naira.
Rochas Okorocha and King of Ogoni, King Godwin Gininwa
Rochas Okorocha's reign will end in 2019
As the report explains that the Imo state government has told all the responsible elders to pay the equivalent of three thousand naira, Imo state government explains that it did not consider them important.
Ebere Iwuji the spokesman of the governor on media told BBC Igbo over the phone that the bill will be paid simultaneously.
He also said that the projects of the Imo state would be financed by funds.
Even though the news says it is six million naira that is now part of a country, Nzewuji said there is no name for any money called, because it is the people living in the country now suppose to pay the tax.
Nzewuji said 'Ego will not enter the Imo state government's purse, it belongs to various communities that have the Community Government Council (CGC).
Nzewuji went on to say that Imo state government will support the country with ten million naira, expecting the money, while looking forward to giving it to the industrial industry and other local demands.
It is reasoned that everyone that wants success will want to support it, especially as they are involved in the development projects of the country, Nzewuji said.
Nzewuji went on to explain that no king of any country has deprived his salary for this.
Listen to its full explanation here:
Other stories that will interest you:
Why Nigerians give tithes
The president cannot insult Nigerians
The greatest news of this night: Buhari is the father of Nigeria
What is the party that will be responsible for the removal of APC?
The 2019 election, as some party are jointly seeking to dislodge the APC from office in 2019.
Olusegun Obasanjo
Olusegun Obasanjo preached in 1999
Many stakeholders in the APC and stakeholders in Nigeria are trying to remove leadership from Buhari in 2019.
Reports say that many parties can begin to unite in competition to say no to the elections.
Those involved in organizing the party are the parties: Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), some leaders of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Social Democratic Party, other minor parties of up to twenty-three.
and Coalition for Nigeria Movement (CNM) of Nigeria's former president, Olusegun Obasanjo.
One union of Obasanjo has been formed
2019 election: Keyamo is Buhari's spokesman
Buhari: I will contest in 2019
APC took power in 2015
The former president in Nigeria, the military commander has retireed and the military commander T.Y Danjuma is supporting the impeachment.
According to one spokesman, 'This will not be like the APC revolution.
We are not addressing the INEC office with the name of change.
The new party will give everyone the opportunity to express his feelings.
Those in the house of senate and up to 19 governors are supporting the treason.
PDP ruled Nigeria for 16 years before APC took them from office
On the other hand, PDP party is still considering whether they will change their party's name.
The party chairman Uche Secondus said that he is still considering the echic with his team
But people are saying that instead of changing names, the PDP has introduced various strategies to resolve Nigeria and remove APC from power.
The news that will interest you:
Imo subscriber to 3000 naira.
Those receiving treatment have arrested the health workers
Nigerian youths have challenged Buhari
Monkey Strikes Father's 'Ebube Monkey'
Protesters attacked a Catholic church in Uke Anambra State injured many people and destroyed 30 vehicles.
Youths are struggling to die
Monastery is a traditional ceremony known as Igbos
The martyrs, 'The Way' in the Idemili North Local Government in Anambra State, invaded a Catholic prayer meeting and destroyed more than 30 vehicles, injured many people, where it was thought that one of their handsome persons died on Saturday.
The Chief Priest of the church, Father Emmanuel Obimma, notoriously known as 'Ebube Monsu' and other priests, and the captured women who came to the place displaced the youths who attacked those who went for God's worship in the watch on Friday night into early Saturday morning.
A police officer, Francis Okoye told the BBC journalist on phone that the dead invaded the night meeting place at about 8pm and injured many people and destroyed more than 30 vehicles.
Aguleri and Igboukwu are not the beginning of Igbo
A man has killed his children in Awada
After the things turned out, we counted three times their damaged vehicles.
Many people were injured.
He had a scratch of sculptures taken to the hospital.
We do not know whether he is alive or dead.
It is evident that Uke youths have done what is expected to torture the Christians because, 'U streak' is being done, death is coming down at 6 : 00 p.m and the dead are invaded at night' at 8 : 00 p.m.
They started beating people with cars to bring to the church, collecting their money and phone calls.
Flood destroyed many vehicles in the meeting
The security officers tried their best to stop them from spoiling things but when we saw that things were going too far, we called the police.
They came and arrested some of them.
The Anambra state police said that the church was actually attacked by death but they said that nobody died.
The spokesman of the police in the state, Nkiru Nwode told the BBC that 'a friend who has been arrested three dead, we are investigating what happened there.'
The report said that this is not the first time the youths in the community are mistreating those attending this special Catholic church meeting held on Friday night, attracting more than 20 percent every week.
The people at the scene said that the youths in the community are persecuting motorists and churchmen and robbing them of money and some things.
In the aftermath, they beat the officer of Father Obimma, which led the officer to contact the police that captured the youths and left them when the king of the town and the elders fought.
It was alleged that youths mistreated motorists who frequently drive people to church
The news that will interest you:
Up to 88,000 children may die of hunger
Benue: criminals have killed 20 people
What is the party that will be responsible for the removal of APC?
Ezeife: Igbo will ask Buhari again
Ezeife and some dictators have said that telling Igbo support Buhari to get a position in 2023 is a lie.
Chukwuemeka Ezeife and some Igbo elders
Chukwuemeka Ezeife, the Igbo-Ukwu former governor of Anambra State is one spokesman of the Igbos in Nigeria
The Igbos have said that the Igbos will reject President Buhari's support during the 2019 election as they did in 2015.
They warned the Igbos to soon be aware that if they encourage President Buhari to enter the next presidential election in 2019 and the presidential election will reach Igbo is a promise given to a woman on a bridge, because it is deception.
Finally, the APC includes, Minister of Transportation and Transportation, Rotimi Amaechi, the secretary of the Federal Government, boss Buhari and also the chairman of the Voice of Nigeria, Mr Okechukwu, told the Igbos to compare Buhari in 2019, to reach them in 2023.
To the Good President 2019 - Balarabe Musa
Igbos are being oppressed as the winners of war
But some of the spokesmen said that the issue was a lie to get the Igbo votes, and people like Buhari challenged the Igbo for his release in 2015, that they would not give him in the 2019 election.
In a conversation with the Sun news agency who was the former governor of Anambra state, Dr Chukwuemeka Ezeife said: 'It was not seen how it could be done.
I don't think we should appeal to people for presidency.
My mind is that we will plead with God, who knows that if an Igbo takes the lead as president, the Fulani will be happy, the Yoruba will be happy, and the thinkers in Nigeria will be happy because we will adjust the Nigerian economy as he continues.
To speak about 2023 is an insurgency, everyone is saying it to deceive the Igbos.'
Similarly, the former President of Ohanaeze Ndigbo Dozie Ikedife, said that the Igbos who have vowed to win the presidency mean nothing in the past.
He told the Sun press: 'A lot of such promises have been made to Igbos in the past, and our people have been deceived.
If somebody deceives you twice or three, when it comes to fourth, you think seriously.
The creation of the land is boring.
Ikedife went on to say: 'I am concerned that the law and dialogue will get Biafra without fighting or inciting everyone.'
Remember that in 2015, many Igbos failed to vote for Buhari, which made him not to give the 95 per cent voter and the five per cent voter the same wage, a word many expect him to have fulfilled by the people he has given the leadership since his entry into office.
The news that will interest you:
Monkey invaded Catholic church in Anambra
Up to eighty thousand children can die of hunger
Benue: criminals have killed 20 people
An immoral man has attacked a restaurant in America
The police are looking for a man who attacked the food eaters and killed four people while four others were injured.
The place where the incident occurred
The police found a gun to attack the building
The police said that one man has killed four people in a restaurant in Nashville in America
The man sneaked into the restaurant at 8pm in Antioch and started shooting people.
Four others also injured before another person eating the food from him a black gun and he fled.
The police have named the man as twenty-one years old Travis Reinking who comes from Illinois where they are looking for him.
An interesting story
Monkey invaded Catholic church in Anambra
Up to 88,000 children may die of hunger
Benue: criminals have killed 20 people
Soyinka: tears in 2019
Wole Soyinka
The Nobel winner, Wole Soyinka has said that the good government has failed in Nigeria
Wole Soyinka warned Nigerians to be
Wole Soyinka also a well known writer has warned Nigerians to be careful not to be deceived by politicians in the up coming election in 2019.
Soyinka, who said this yesterday in the memorial ceremony of the late lawyer, Gani Fawehinmi, which was held in Lagos, said that Nigeria is in trouble with the state government.
He said that he has put Nigeria in trouble now by their scheme, they have been prepared again as rescue citizens as the next election, and advised Nigerians to reject the old politicians to give the opportunity for the new leaders to take up leadership.
Buhari has had discussions with the leaders of APC
Wole Soyinka: unite your and let the elder rest
He said: 'It is not suspected that the democracy is in trouble.
It is not only the democracy, the country is in trouble.
I don't think there's a time and life on earth, especially in this country when all expectations are just like that.
We all know this.
The question is that we see it as a chance of salvation as we see it as an opportunity to continue to do the things that happened in our country.
It is not new about the need to contest for the unity of Nigeria.
It is unthinkable that the enemies of the democracy who personally introduced the initiative that took us to our positions today are those who mean identifying themselves as rescue citizens of Nigeria is looking forward, a country with a population of 200 million.
Soyinka further advised Nigerians to wash their tears to evacuate.
The news that will interest you:
Monkey invaded Catholic church in Anambra
Up to 88,000 children may die of hunger
Benue: criminals have killed 20 people
He yelled at me that while speaking about the salvation of Nigeria, one or two came out with those taking the lead.
People are being told to be suspicious of themselves and the group that have taken part in the governorship post of Nigeria today.
Why did Nigerians not attend trade meeting in America?
The Nigerian government has commended itself for the incident that took place in a meeting with the ministry of investments in Nigeria.
Yemi Osibanjo in Abuja
Yemi Osibanjo is among the people in the book where they were organized.
Many representatives of the Nigerian government are surprised that they are in a meeting organized by the Nigeria and the United States in Washington DC.
The coming of the government did not make people to be surprised that Nigeria would not get money from overseas.
Those who should go to this place include the Vice President Yemi Osinbajo, the minister of finance Kemi Adeosun, the Minister of Petroleum Ibe Kwachukwu, the Minister of Agriculture Audu Ogbeh, the Minister of Technology Ogbonnaya Onu, the Minister of commerce Lai Mohammed, the Minister of valuable stones Kayode Fayemi and the Minister of commerce, Okechukwu Enelamah.
Taxes on drinks have been invested
Switzerland has agreed to return Abacha's money
One who is saddened by the government's actions is Emir of Kano Sanusi Lamido, who used to act as the governor of the Nigerian Bank.
What Sanusi said
Sanusi said that the person who is preparing to invest in Africa, 'he has Nigeria, has Ghana, has Rwanda, Kenya and South Africa'.
He went on to say, 'Nigeria may be more than all others in trafficking, but he could say instead of putting $500 in Nigeria, let me put $100 in Ghana, $100 in Rwanda, $100 in Code Vuwa, to win the award.'
'We went for a meeting with those who have their investments in the country, we should start by 9pm and we should start by 10pm.
When I arrived there, they took me to the house of the representative of Nigeria.
Those who came to the meeting were there, the Vice president was not there, the ministers were not there, Sanusi said.
Sanusi said that the action was not good, for it shows that Nigeria has not been prepared for what is being said.
He said, 'You invited people to come and hear how trafficking is done in Nigeria, but you did not come.
That's not how to get those who will invest in Nigeria.
If the meeting was organized by the Rwanda, their president, Kagame, would be there telling people to come to Rwanda.
People were involved in the issue on social media.
The person with @SegunAndrews sequel agrees with Sanusi's statement.
But, the government has said that they are not the solution.
Lee Mohammed, the Minister of Transportation, sent a message explaining that it is not true that those who should attend the meeting will not attend.
Mohammed explains that the ministers mentioned in the event did not get their documents from them, nor did they sit in Washington DC during the meeting.
He said that the ministry of agriculture, electricity and work and financial development had not received a certificate despite their names in the books that would speak of it.
The minister of trade went with the president to the meeting of the ruling powers of Commonwealth countries living in London.
The minister of finance is in Washington DC, but it is for the summit of the World Bank on IMF.
He went on to say that the minister of information and culture got a message, but he answered and told the authorities that he will not go for the rest of his life.
Lai Mohammed said that 'These shows that it is not supposed to be said that the ministry refused to attend the meeting.
Do not let Igbo die'
Ikeogu Oke earned $100,000 as the best writer in Nigeria in 2017.
The winner of the award as the best writer in Nigeria in 2017 Ikeogu Oke has said that Igbo language will not die if the Igbos call it important
Ikeogu earned $100,000 as Nigeria's best writer known as 'Nigerian Prize of Literature' for his book titled 'The Heresiad'.
The reason why the book is different is that it was written in an Igbo way of reading.
In a conversation with Igbo BBC, Mr Oke spoke about the protection of Igbo language, and who he thought should be in his custody.
The federal government has stated what to do with Abacha's stolen fund
Kemi Adeosun the minister of finance has stated what the Federal Government will do with Abacha's money in Nigeria
Kemi Adeosun and Christine Lagarde are chairmen of IMF
The Nigerian government has approved the use of more than three hundred dollars worth of Abacha's revenue by the Swiss government.
The Minister of finance Kemi Adeosun has said that the people will be bought with the money as President Buhari promised while contesting for office.
He said this while addressing journalists at the end of the meeting with the World Bank, IMF, which took place in Washington and America.
Adeosun said that the money has been deposited in a special bag of Nigerian banks called the CBN in the name of praise to initiate schemes that will help the poor.
Taxes on drinks have been invested
The Senate has summoned the banker
In his message, he said that the federal government hopes to create their plan in mind, on what will be good for Nigeria.
In his voice 'we put these initiatives in production, the Nigerian economy will rise'
How has Nigeria benefited from CHOGM?
Igbo man has defeated Big Brother Naija
Did Nigerians not attend meeting in America?
three things having a lot of exchange rates leads to
IMF instructed Nigeria to summarize its exchange rates to one, while experts are saying the consequences of having more.
Naira
EFCC said that Umar is looking for a million naira
In an attempt to stabilise the Nigerian currency exchange, the IMF has advised Nigeria to combine its currency exchange.
Nigeria has at least five currency changes; one for the importers of fuel in Nigeria, one for Christians who travel to the faith in Saudi Arabia, one for Christians who travel to the holy land, and one for readers in overseas and one formed by the government.
As experts in economics Pat Utomi and Uche Uwaleke explained to BBC report, having a lot of money change was disastrous.
See some of the cases of multiple exchange rates:
It is causing harm
Pat Utomi explained that he is doing 'he who knows a person has the opportunity to raise money and sell it, but whoever has the need for the money to import what he will produce goods in the country without knowing somebody will not qualify for it.
It's not good for business progress.'
where African currency will enter
Currency Exchange: Has dollar fallen alongside naira?
In his speech, Uche Uwaleke gave a plan, 'As the exchange rate of the government is N305, a person is sold to the mouth, he may leave what he wants to get, sell it to another person N365, get interest, but if there is one exchange, you can't turn it back.'
It extends energy to intensify and produce in communities.
Uwaleke said that there is a lot of money change that makes them too much.
All they can do is to sell cheap currency, not produce produce.
It undermines the nation's economic development
Utomi said, 'If people are making the currency to send their child to the country for education, it will make everyone wants to send his child to the country for education, the schools in the country will fail.
Saraki and Ekweremadu: People are talking about their prevention
Ekweremadu'hid his riches'
Nigeria's peace has been put in Ekweremadu's hand again
About 109, if 108 senators are in Ekweremmadu's house now, it means they are all in his house.
Remember that the Senate decreed that the security agencies should immediately evacuate the house of the deputy senate president Ike Ekweremadu, where they attacked today.
Ekweremadu was prevented from coming out of his house in the morning, making him not to attend the council meeting held today, whereas up to 14 senators decamped APC to PDP.
Uche Anichukwu the spokesman of Ekweremadu, told BBC Igbo that the EFCC had prevented him from going out of his house in Abuja, that it was not the DSS as we wrote earlier.
@MrBanksOmishore, a special assistant of Bukola Saraki, wrote letters sent to Ekweremadu by the EFCC this morning, on Twitter.
In that letter, EFCC said that they want to investigate Ekweremadu for plotting, violating his office rights and borrowing money called'money laundering'.
As Saraki entered the senatorium and started the plenary, he spoke that Ekweremdu did not come, and said it should be done to ensure that his senatorial administration does not spoil.
Senate Sam Anyanwu said that he was with Ekweremadu yesterday, but no document showed that the police was looking for him.
After the plenary, the senators ruled that the security agencies should immediately leave the house of the deputy senate president Ike Ekweremadu, so that he can get his right.
This morning, Saraki was among those who prevented him from leaving his good house.
On the other hand, the Nigerian President Muhammadu Buhari thanked those who left APC today for their success.
He said this through his tweet address @MBuhari:
The EFCC shut the door of Ekweremadu in Abuja
A video showing the EFCC standing in front of Ekweremadu's house:
Those who kidnapped and killed a Catholic church have been condemned to death
Supreme court has condemned those who kidnapped and killed Father John Adeyi by execution.
The court has ordered the execution of criminals
The Supreme Court in Makurdi, Benue State has decided that two persons, Hartuna Idi and Suleiman Gina who remained in the group who kidnapped and killed Father John Adeyi until they died for what they did.
Remember that four kidnappers including Saidu Abdullahi and Aliyu Garba kidnapped Father Adeyi, a Vika-Jeneral Catholic in Otukpo Dayosis, Benue state, killed him and dropped his corpse in a near Otukpo farm in 2016
What I passed on to kidnappers
Mikel Obi's father has been saved from kidnappers
But after the police arrested the four, they declared that they received the priest's family one million naira (N1.7m) as her capital money, but they shot it when they heard that the villagers were ready to come and bail her where she was arrested.
One of them stated that he was the gunman who killed him, whereas the remaining two lions are condemned to death on Wednesday.
In a message sent to the Daily Post by the priest's family, they expressed satisfaction that eventually, the penalty had reached them.
But they lamented that the decision reminded them of the killing of Adeyi, who is a professor.
Senators have come to Ekweremadu
Saraki and Ekweremadu: People are talking about their prevention
APC pays their oppressive governorship debt-Profect
Does he have a spirit that resides in a child who is born with domination?
What Igbo culture said concerning the primary and purposeful gender in the olden days is the same now.
In the olden days, the Igbos believed that those who are headed for dada could do magic
Every new baby's suit in the house is bringing great joy to the mind of all.
But there are some places in Igbo where a newborn baby can play.
The people of this country are like Igeleke (Ibusa) in Delta state, where babies are seen as exceptional.
Who is the leader?
Some stories explained that a newborn baby is bounced because the mother begged a certain spirit person living in the land to give him a baby.
will you do the same thing that happened in the olden days?
Do you know the god worshipped by the Igbos in the olden days?
They believe that the key is the spirit mark of the child with which to get to know him.
They are calling these children 'Ezenwa'
They believe their head is their crown.
According to their conviction, a proud child will become a successful child on earth because his dawn is firmly fixed on his side, they are very strong, and they will grow up to bear a warrior that takes a heavy toll during the war.
But the minor issues that follow are major issues.
It is difficult to take good care of the fever.
Holy joined in the pronoun
Many of the riders believe that a child who has been infected with blood will get seriously sick or die if the struggle comes into his infection.
It is unthinkable to tear down the hairs of the donkey's head.
Anyone who does this ought to give the child bribe immediately or all the money that is left for him.
Even after this event will stop the child from serious illness.
It's only if the baby's mother can touch the baby's scratch.
Religious ceremony to cut dada's head
Reports say it is the native native native native native native native native native native native native.
Now, people are popular in the video and many people are making snake
The child will grow up, become a speaking child.
His family will ask him what he wants to be done with.
Everything he wants that day, they will give him.
Christianity
The whole Igbo land is a stronghold of Christianity.
This has made many Igbo cultures to change.
Nowadays many Igbo lazy people do not believe that the evil spirit that resides in making every child go forth from the world.
But they are still taking such a child to church as the priests pray for him.
Dr Anthony Mgbolu told BBC Igbo that the main thing comes from the family ethnicity.
What Igbo culture explained about the leaders of dada
A professor of African and linguistic studies at the University of Lagos, Chiagozie Nnabuihe explained that the Igbo BBC in the olden days had no belief in the leaders of dada.
Nnabuihe emphasised that if Igbo in the olden days believed in their teaching, they should give them a name.
In his words: 'Dada is the name given to him by the Yoruba people.
The Igbos are faulting because they have a relationship with the Yoruba.
But is it really bad?
Nnamdi Daniels is an actress
A lot of people we interviewed said that there is nothing wrong with her husband but in fact, many people still see those who are doing bad.
Nnamdi Daniels the head man told BBC Igbo that he has not overlooked their insults and insults against his head
In his words: 'Echetera'm one time I made a trip to the University of Niger State.
The security officer started asking me a question that baffled me over my heart. This caused me much shame.
The government has eliminated more than two million codiene cough
The Ministry of Health has arrested more than two million codien cough and is looking into other people
Codiene
youths and heavy drinking of codiene thorns
The federal government has said that they have eliminated more than two million codiene cough in the market in Nigeria.
Ministry of Health, Prof. Isaac Adewole said this when his investigative committee examined the evidence that the codiene problem came to show him their discovery.
He also said that this is for you to show that the government is firm in their intention to stop the codiene fight in Nigeria
Mmachi Codeine: Cough drug is expensive
Nafdac has lifted the ban on Emzor and others
Adewole said that his agency had collaborated with the National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control in the elimination.
Remember that in May of this year, the BBC released a video showing the prevalence of codiene cough in Nigeria.
It was when the video appeared that the government said that they would survive the cough
The government is saying that they are still investigating other tuberculosis drugs that are my life.
An interesting story
2019 Election: here are some Igbo people who want to contest for the presidency.
Why do Igbos always go to these churches?
Why Igbos expel people from the evil forest
Is the evil forest a place where the Igbos worship the land but are they oppressing those whom they evacuate from the forest?
The people with oil
Igbo worship different spirits
Why does Igbo call the evil forest evil forest?
Do you know that the evil forest remains in Igbo land till now?
What is the evil forest?
A professor of African and linguistic studies at the University of Lagos Chiagozie Nnabuihe explained to BBC Igbo and Igbo that this place was a bush of spirit, not a bush as many people call it now.
According to the Igbos, the spirit forest is their place of worship in the land.
This is where they are cursing everyone on earth.
In Igbo God is the most important land, but the spirit is the land.
Nnabuihe explained that the land of Igbo with the belief that the land is a spirit produced all the things in the world.
Does he have a spirit that resides in a child who is born with domination?
will you do the same thing that happened in the olden days?
Soil is bad (soil is dead)
Igbo believes that the land, seeing everything, this means that there is no evil that you will cover up in his eyes.
The wicked forest remains in Igbo land till now
The land will strike the person completely sick.
See what the people are grieving about the disease
Leprosy
Diarrhea
answer (Dropsy)
Igbos
Nnabuihe explained at the time, no doctor would try to treat the diseases mentioned.
Anyone who has been infected with such a disease ought to pronounce his fault completely before he dies.
If he does not say the wrong thing he did, they will expel him from the bush of spirit.
Do you know the god worshipped by the Igbos in the olden days?
things you should not do for an Igbo man
Other things such as fornication or marriage, or birth of grooming and medicinal disease can cause the land to be cursed.
Human expulsion is not wrong
As Nnabuhe used to explain, the departure of this person is due to protect his children and his family.
Christianity is the dominant religion in Igbo land
Igbo in the olden days believed that everyone welcomed this person has welcomed the indignation of the land in his family.
where the spirit forests live in Igbo land now
The needs of the country in Imo state
Fire mines in Okija
Bitterness of the land
Ihiala
Arusi Okeja
Igbo culture is dying
Nnabuihe said that this is the worst thing happening in Igbo land
He said: 'Igbo cultures are exposed due to Christianity in Igbo, people have polluted many of these bushes and no one is playing this forest anymore.'
An interesting story
The woman's applause is being seen on Twitter for her comments
New politicians are proud of soshal media.
Ahmed Musa: Al Nasr has welcomed him today
It has been long ago that there has been rumour that Musa could transfer to Al Nasr but now, it has been announced.
Ahmed Musa
One person who people thought he was going to enter a prominent football club, Ahmed Musa.
But now, Musa scored in the ended world cup competition has decamped from Leicester City to Al Nasr of Saudi Arabia.
It is not known how much they bought it from Leicester City but it is rumored that it is up to seven hundred and a half million pounds.
Do you know that women are holding the Super Eagles?
The Super Eagles are now like the bride.
World Cup 2018: Why the Nigerians thank Ahmed Musa
Leicester City bought him first from the Moscow team in 2016 but returned to that place in the last year's 2017 football season.
After the world cup, people thought that he would go to Galatasaray because the coaches of the team extended him a lot of calls.
The video above shows how his new team said 'napp' to him and welcomed him into their group.
Meanwhile, Ahmed Musa has not said anything about this popular issue.
Babatunde Fashola said that Nigeria is now afraid of electricity
If Babatunde Fashola's statement on the production of electricity is true, it would be a big thing for Nigerian investors.
The tail
How Nigerians are shouting for no fire
Minister of energy, services and housing Babatunde Fashola said that the electricity produced in Nigeria has risen to 7,000 megawaters.
Fashola said this in Kalaba, the capital of Kros Riva state yesterday
electricity will not be effective until 2023 - electricity workers
PHCN should give you 3 months to complete the fire-Lawder
Fashola is in Kalaba where the board of directors and the department he reads are meeting.
He said that despite the remaining jobs that remained hard, the department has sustained more electricity conditions in Nigeria than it was when they started operating in 2015.
Fashola is a group of three wards in Buhari government
Three years ago, the news was that the production of electricity was a major problem we had in Nigeria.
Then, fire creators say that they have no one to distribute to Nigerians.
Then, we are handing over a 6,90-megawat to Nigerians, but the news has changed.
What we can now is megawat 5,222, which has been the largest since Nigeria emerged.
Currently, the product is 7,000 megawat and is being distributed to 7000.
There are still problems, but we will say we are going ahead.
The news that will interest you:
Allow your baby to suck
The Igbos are contesting in Kano
Four currency exchangers in Port Harcourt have been shot dead
How to make your children happy during holidays
Both with money and without money, here are some things you and your children can do during this long break.
Students and Oprah Winfrey
The time has come again when students have a special holiday because it is too long.
Some parents have prepared how to take their children to school called 'Summer Lesson' but not all children will like this.
If you don't join those who will take their children to Summer Lesson, here are what you can do for them.
Women want the government to pay them education money
4 out of 12 children who were kidnapped in the cave of Thailand have been kidnapped
Buhari: Fight Against Child Abuse
Teach them how to swim
Swimming is a way your children will exercise and learn to save themselves if they fall into the water.
It will also make them exhausted so that they can sleep well and praise well.
Gbalia takes them today
Teach them lessons and other technology
Teach them how to dance
Igbo salad!
Is there a fear that is greater than geneticism?
No!
Will we educate our children?
E Nikeee
tell them the story of the olden days
Do you know the first day of the bombing in Igbo land?
Do you know the name of the first man who released himself from prison?
You may know this and have taught your children
One way you can do this is to take them to a special showroom in Igbo land.
Aka-work
Take them to their place of employment.
This will make them better employed and you can feed them in the future if they do not get a job at the end of the university.
One generation
At the end, if you are an interesting culturist, this long holiday season is when you can put them in oil or a single generation in your country.
This will give them genuine wisdom, a conscience concerning Igbo culture and its challenges.
The news that will interest you:
Allow your baby to suck
Why Igbos expel people from the evil forest
A woman kidnapped herself, while another kidnapper drowsy and drinks Tramadol
Experts have said that it is a great crime that has caused many tragedies including the new kidnap roads in Nigeria
Edgal Imohimi
Lagos state Commissioner for Police, Edgal Imohimi said that they have reduced the force of the gang in Ikorodu
The police arrested a woman who prostituted herself to collect her husband 15 million naira in Ogun state.
Also, the kidnapper was arrested where he went to kidnapp a person when he fell asleep after taking the hard drug of Tramadol.
But psychological experts say that the type of joke is a great crime and a bad friend is the reason for it.
Mikel Obi's father has been saved from kidnappers
Femi Joseph and his team attacked the drug store with guns to kidnapp the owner but Joseph fell asleep after hearing the tramadol obtained from the restaurant.
The mob explained that when they came in, the owner of the pharmacy shouted and fled from behind.
According to a police spokesman in Ondo State, but as they did not get what they wanted, one of them started yelling just as a tramadol he drank.
She slept 24 hours after drinking it.
Tramadol's punches were also collected in his bag.
On the other hand, a woman named Hadijat Kabir and two others including one man and another woman plotted treachery and kidnappers took her and charged her husband with 15 million naira.
The Lagos state Commissioner for Police Imohimi Edgal said that it was the complaint brought by her husband that they started investigation and found out that the relationship was between his wife and criminals.
A human behaviour and lecturer of the Ebonyi State University, Nnachi Amos said, that it is not the source of damage but the abundance of evil now.
Some are bad conversations by having bad clothes.'
His counterpart at the Federal Neuro-Pychiatric Hospital in Yaba, Lagos, Chinyere Okonkwo agreed on Amos' statement.
They are full of reason.
To look around, kidnapping is not an easy task.
Crime and much more.
The news that will interest you:
Ozubulu Church Massacre: A year has passed
Can a man and a woman be just friends?
things you should not do for an Igbo man
A kidnapper who took drugs has died nine days later
The police in Ondo state have said that a kidnapper who has not committed kidnapping for a dead thornbush has died
A sleeping person
The BBC doctor interviewed him and said that he is a kidnapper deserves treatment
Police spokesman Femi Joseph has told the journalists that a drug abused kidnapper has died according to the News agency of Nigeria
Remember that she has been sleeping since she was arrested by the police on August 5 in a drug market.
Joseph said that the kidnapper was killed in the hospital in the state while the doctors were trying to heal him
A kidnapper deserves treatment- native medicine
Evans' lawyer has resigned from his trial
What is happening to the kidnappers?
In his words, 'The investigating kidnapper died nine days after we arrested him.
We thought we would ask him to help us with our investigation, but he died yesterday.'
This could be through drugs she took.
We use this opportunity to advise parents to know what kind of friends they are having.'
The kidnapper said that the drug dealer was to be stabbed but the person drowned.
He and his colleagues later collected his medication from Daudu Wale, where he went to buy drugs where one of them was caught.
The news that will interest you:
What would you tell Nnamdi Kanu if you met him on the road?
A baby was thrown away in Onitsha today
Buhari and Osinbajo will they meet in 2019?
Five jobs you can start with N10,000
His speech stirred a lot of disrespect for the relevant people in Nigeria as well as the federal government.
Another loud story is the story of an Igbo woman named Mama Boko Haram.
Aisha Wakil told BBC Igbo how she raised children of Boko Haram today
The newspaper reports that Nigeria gave birth to thirty years after 19 years, made the Igbo and all Nigerians very happy.
Abaribe's speech about the cows became popular in 2018
The world cup also paid attention to the Igbos.
World Cup: The true 'looker' has said that Super Eagles will reach the final half
Another part is the story of the arrest of hundred and forty Ipob women in Ower
The women are in court today.
Our ladies do not violate any law - Ipob lawyer
Women of IPOB have been released from Ower
floodwaters hit Igbo land in 2018
Their news stirred the controversy over IVF.
Five women from Regina Pacis school in Onitsha also struck the Igbos when they won the 2018 Technovation competition with the best in the world.
The news that will interest you:
Three Eke fears will commence on January 1  The Nigerian soldiers
Green Revolution: The things Shagari made for Nigerians
How to avoid invasion and ceremony
Second Niger Bridge as a promise to a woman'
Igbo Tradition: Why marriage is common in Igbo land
For a time while people are wondering why there is genuine marriage in some parts of Igbo land, the news explained it.
male and female partnership
Igbos do not tolerate male and female singleness
There are usually stories of some youths who love each other, and agreed to live together as husband and wife, but they did not practice the wedding tradition as appropriate.
There are also occasional incidents in this situation, especially the woman's stay in the house of the deceased without any ceremony ceremony performed traditionally.
Chancellor in Igbo land
Five things that interest women
Is it a culture that will end in Igbo land?
However, this usually involves families in turning around.
Because of this critical situation, some Igbo communities have made it a mandate for a man to marry a woman he lived with, which he did not have when he lived.
Why you should get married in general:
In Igbo land, it is not believed that a man has married, unless he has done something for himself.
Even if he does that of the court, he is expected to come and act according to the parents  wishes.
According to the culture specialist, Nze Olueze Ukaejuha (Duruagwo II) in Umuakara, issues in Nwangele of Imo state, told the Igbo BBC that this law is very true in their country, and that it has its various consequences.
Who never married in life, he married in death, is the tradition of many societies
But in Akoku and Imo state, the scheme does not sell any, where families of native women come and take their child's corpse and go and bury in their homes.
How to get married in general:
The person will come and tell my parents that their child has a fever (he will not first tell them that he has died).
They will follow him and visit their child, and when they see his corpse, they will accuse him of killing their child, thereby causing him to defend himself.
To prove that she was not killed, she would agree to marry the woman's corpse.
she will come and marry her.
He will come back and tell my children and his wife that they are dead
The man will then go on to celebrate his burial.
What will happen to a person who refuses to marry at all times:
As Nze Chkaejuwa explained, these things are what will happen to the person who refuses to marry without doing his own thing at all:
The person will experience punishment in various ways.
There are also different types of injury that beset the person
Things do not go well for such a person
The person may also die a shameful death.
But the person may be repentant, even if all these things start falling upon him.
what the person will do if he is repented
If the man has locked his ear and later regrets the loss of his legs, these things he will do:
The person will send the elders of the community to come and refine the land
He would be punished by ensuring that he fulfilled his obligations in two thousand ways.
Nigeria 2019 elections: President Muhammadu Buhari's candidate
The Nigerian president, Muhammadu Buhari is contesting for the first time as president under the ruling party.
President Muhammadu Buhari
President Muhammadu Buhari is now campaigning to become the third Nigerian president.
He first came to power in December 1983 1983 after the Nigerian soldiers were forcibly arrested, but some of his activists raped Buhari in 1985.
The BBC's debate is ongoing now
Buhari later became the president through his democracy election in 2015, after the struggle to get him three times free.
As in his reign as a soldier, Buhari has no real name on tolerance.
Despite being in custody of a democracy, many people are in prison for Buhari's refusal to release them as the court says it is.
The 76-year-old man took a sworn oath in 2015, promising to fight against corruption and corruption and corruption, as well as improve Nigeria's economy.
Four years are coming to an end but many people do not believe that what he does means what the eyes see.
It is promised that he will defeat Boko Haram Nigeria's warriors fighting against those who want to isolate the Laguba State in eastern Nigeria, but in recent times, those who have been harassed have given Buhari's objective to seat on the throne trouble by the way they attacked the area.
The spokesmen agreed that Buhari would meet up with the unconstitutional party that is louder than their name - the PDP presidential candidate, Atiku Abubakar is also a Muslim and northern Nigerian like Buhari.
Buhari is the former leader of the All Progressives Congress (APC) has a reputation as an honest person in Nigeria's politics, even though most people see his campaigns as a reflection of economic losses.
The news that will interest you:
It is close to 'Egwu II' to Nnamdi Kanu - Buratai
I am not confident about corruption during the 2019 election - Atiku
Nigeria Election 2019: The contestants and their vice
Do you know the six prominent candidates of the 2019 presidential election?
The BBC will expose them
Those contesting for presidency
Here are six people contesting for the most prominent president with their deputy titles:
As the Nigerian National Electoral Commission (INEC) published a report showed that more than 70 candidates for presidency in 2019, BBC Igbo wants to show you whose name is the most popular.
The election support in the East has burnt
I will not be like Tinubu to tell people whom to compare
Peter Obi will not give you money but he will support every legitimate job'
Of these six persons and their vice, there are three ladies among them; one is contesting for the president while others are contesting for the vice.
Muhammadu Buhari and Yemi Osinbajo
Buhari and Osinbajo have ruled Nigeria since 2015 under the All Progressives Congress (APC)
Who is Muhammadu Buhari?
she was born on December 17th 1942
He has ruled Nigeria twice; as a soldier and a civilian.
He contested for the presidency three times (33, 2007 and 2011) before he won in 2015
In the same way, he is the president and also a Minister of Petroleum emerged from the land.
Who is Yemi Osinbajo?
she was born on March 8 of 1957
He is a priest in the Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG)
He won Buhari's vice president in 2015
He is also a lawyer in the matter
2) Atiku Abubakar and Peter Obi
Atiku and Obi are worshiping the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the 2019 election.
Who is Atiku Abubakar?
She was born on November 25th in 1946
He was the vice president from 1999 to 2007
He has twice contested for the presidency as the player; in 2007 under AC and 2018 under PDP.
He is a businessman with a variety of.
Who is Peter Obi?
she was born on July 19 in 1961
He defeated the governor of Anambra State under the APGA party in 2003 but he remained seated until March 2006 when he won in court, but was later demolished in November of that year.
He later returned to his seat in February 2007, and left in May when Andy Uba defeated him, but the court ordered him to remain for four years.
He won the seat as Anambra governor in 2014 after he won twice.
He is a professor of economics.
Oby Ezekwesili and AbdulGaniyu Galadima
Galadima is also the chairman of the Allied Congress Party of Nigeria (ACPN) they want to contest.
Who is Oby Ezekwesili?
she was born on the 28th of April 1963
He was the Minister of Agriculture from 2005 to 2006 and also the Ministry of Education from 2006 to 2007
He is part of the group 'Bring Back Our Girls' (BBOG) in charge of kidnapped Chibok children since 2014
If she wins, she will be the first woman to become president in Nigeria
Who is Ganiyu Galadima?
she was born on June 11 of 1964
She studied Kwara State University and later became one of the ruling class in the school.
He was the former presidential candidate under the ACPN in 2015
He is an overseer
4) Kingsley Moghalu and Umma Gethso
Moghalu and Gethso are contesting under the Young Progressive Party (YPP)
Who is Kingsley Moghalu?
she was born on the 7th of May 1963
This is the first time he is contesting for Nigeria's politics
She studied and received certificate of law in the university.
He is also a professor of economics.
He worked as a director in Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN)
Who is Umma Getso?
she was born in 1981
He is the deputy chairman of the party YPP
He is a businessman, also a worker in the rights of women.
5) Omoyele Sowore and Rabiu Ahmed Rufai
Sowore and Rufai are contesting under African Action Congress (AAC)
Who is Omoyele Sowore?
she was born on February 16, 1971,
He is a person who is concerned with authority.
She started it while still in the university
He inaugurated SaharaReporters newspaper.
He founded AAC party in August 2018
Who is Rabiu Ahmed Rufai?
she was born on July 17th 1976
He is a medical practitioner or a medical practitioner
He had previously taught at Bayero University in Kano
Fela Durotoye and Khadijah Abdullahi-Iya
Durotoye and Abdullahi-Iya are contesting under Alliance for New Nigeria (ann)
Who is Fela Durotoye?
she was born on May 12 in 1971
She attended Obafemi Awolowo University in Ile-Ife
He is the one who teaches people how to make money, and also the one who stirs people's feelings with words.
He is contesting for president under Alliance for New Nigeria (ann)
Who is Khadijah Abdullahi-Iya?
He is the founder of the Women's Management Association, Women Community of Africa (WCA) and Rags to Riches (R2R)
He is also a lawyer
Who would you compare?
Imo Election Results: Seven major statements by Uche Nwosu
Uche Nwosu alone came to the BBC debate on the position of governor in Ower Imo state.
Igbo was seized in Owe when the Igbo BBC conducted the debate of the governorship candidates in Imo state but it was surprising to the Imo that just one person in four should promise the BBC Igbo that they will come to the debate.
Imo state APC spokeman has followed Uche Nwosu
Imo APC Primaries: Uche Nwosu has been declared the candidate for the Imo governorship election.
Those who buried the Imo people are Emeka ihedioha PDP, Hope Uzodimma of APC and Ifeanyi Ararume of APGA.
The Igbo BBC president, Adline Okere said that it was only Ararume who told her that she might not come because she was starting her campaign.
The ceremony started at 2pm.
In the aftermath of the debate, Uche Nwosu pledged to pay off 30 naira as the minimum salary if the federal government has signed it.
Nwosu went on to say that in his party nobody is contesting for the president to intervene on the support he gives to President Muhammau Buhari.
He next said; 'I'm not going to do anything in the Manifesto.
Seven key words of Uche Nwosu:
Uche Nwosu joined AA from APC to contest for governorship in Ower Imo state
Nwosu stated what he will do for the Imo state if he takes the lead in the election that will take place in March 2019.
Buhari for President: 'The AA can scourge Uche Nwosu'
It is not true that the Action Alliance is not supporting Nwosu - Obidiche
Ngwa, see what it points out in minutes and minutes:
I will bring the best education through Christian assembly.
I will make health free for children, pregnant women and adults
I will bring youths into the farmer work
I am known to believe in politics.
I will make those who live the lives of the Imo people
I will pay my minimum wage of N30,000 if it is announced by the Federal Government
I will look into the issue of pension.
An interesting story
Uzodimma, Ihedioha and Ararume did not come to BBC Igbo debate.
Atiku came to America and he has a question to answer us-Lai Mohammed
What Nigerians are saying about Atiku's journey to the United States
Atiku: Abuja burnt as Atiku returned to America.
The news of Atiku Abubakar's return, fire to the Guinness wine factory, President Buhari and the politicians' economy, Onnoghen's report, the Mexican accident and others related.
Important bags
The PDP members and interested people of Atiku Abubakar came out on the Nnamdi Azikiwe airport in Abuja to welcome Abubakar, who travelled to the United States.
Atiku and the president of the Nigerian House of Assembly Bukola Saraki took part in a two-day journey to the country where As Atiku explained, he had a meeting with the government officers of the country.
Atiku will take part in the election that will be held on Saturday night in Abuja.
Fire Burns at the Guinness wine factory
A fire burnt at the Guinness wine factory at Osisioma Industrial Layout, Aba, Abia state on Friday.
The fire extends to six hours by fire service agencies, as well as other nearby agencies, assisted by the police and the community.
The spokesman of Guiness, Nike Onnakoya told BBC Igbo that the fire did not injure a person, causing much harm
He also said that their wine production projects were still on sale in their camps in Benin and Ogba, Lagos Breweries.
There was no injuries or serious damage as a result of what happened as the Aba cave was for fraud and there was only a handful of workers.
Our main place of wine production was in our restaurant in Benin and Ogba (Legus).
It is false news that Onnoghen is being arrested
Femi Adesina is a well known journalist before serving in the president's office.
The president's office has said that the news that the government wants to arrest the Nigerian high judge, Justice Onnoghen is false.
President Muhammadu Buhari's spokesman Femi Adesina spoke on his Facebook address on the'false narrative' which they bore against the coalition of United Political Parties (CUPP)
Donald Trump: There has been progress in the fight against the North Korea nuclear crisis
US government shut down last week because the senates do not approve of their budget
The American president, Donald Trump has said that progress has been made in the fight against North Korea's nuclear powers.
He said that he is contrary to what experts say he has not yet traveled to the place he is going.
Liverpool and Crystal Palace defeated him
In sports
Liverpool scored Crystal Palace with 3 goals to 2 in Asompi premier league on Saturday.
The government will sell the wealth of those involved in criminal activities
President Muhammadu Buhari has said that his government will sell the wealth that the politicians are victims of corruption.
Buhari said this in Kaduna.
He said that it is because he does not want to do what he said in 1985, would give these people their riches.
The Nigerian High Court has embarked on a campaign to sack Onnoghen
Report reaching us explains that the Federal Government has gone to the Code of Conduct to appeal for Justice Walter Onnoghen to be removed from office as Supreme Judge of Nigeria and the Chief Justice of the National Judicial Council.
The person in whose name was added to the CCT is Nigeria's lawyer Abubakar Malami
In abroad
About 20 people have died in Mexico as fuel is on fire
Some others were injured in the accident that happened in hidalgo state in central Mexico.
In sports
When Lobi Stars and Heartland FC met
The Lobi Stars of Nigeria will meet Asec Mimosas of Ivory Coast today in the country's capital, Abidjan in their second position in the CAF Champions League.
The Lobi won their first match with Mamolodi Sundowns in Enugu with two goals to one.
Listen to these minutes here:
Watch today's video:
Obasanjo: 'We want the head and body of the president'
Former Nigerian governor, Olusegun Obasanjo has expressed his regrets over what he said in Nigeria now and what he wants Nigerians to do about him.
Obasanjo
Olusegun Obasanjo has said that he does not think that Inec will make an honest election next month.
Even if they want to make an honest election, those in the current government will not give them a chance.
One union of Obasanjo has been formed
This government has been compared to in 2019 - Obasanjo
Obasanjo said this while reading the journalists he wrote entitled Points for concern and action at home in Abeokuta.
He said that what Nigeria wants now is a discreet and difficult president
Obasanjo said that Nigerians should praise the little that Buhari did for them during his days
In his words, 'Buhari has defeated us earlier, we will be popular as long as we allow him to deceive us again.'
He took Buhari's leadership to which the Nigerian army called Sanni Abacha while he was alive as president.
The news that will interest you:
My child has died for money does not bother him'
Do you know Igbo proverbs very well?
Day 28: Do you know the name of the 91 party in Nigeria?
#BBCNigeria 2019
Atiku came to America and he has a question to answer us-Lai Mohammed
Olusegun Obasanjo: what Atiku was better than Buhari
Obasanjo told BBC that he looked into Buhari's actions and saw that Atiku was better than two.
In a conversation with BBC Yoruba, the former Nigerian president, Olusegun Obasanjo, spoke about the former deputy and candidate in the 2019 election, Atiku Abubakar.
He said that he is right now that he will choose Atiku better because of Buhari's actions.
The people among them are who belongs to APC and PDP.
From what I saw in Buhari- unemployment, malfunction, corruption, weakness, mental and other factors compared to Atiku.
Atiku will do more than Buhari.
He also spoke about Boko Haram and the Independence National Electoral Commission (INEC).
Obasanjo explained that he believed in President Muhammadu Buhari as superior to Atiku, which is why he refused to support the youths out of the 73 candidates for the Nigerian presidency.
He also stated what happened before the military invaded Odi in 1999 when up to 2500 people were killed by the military.
The discussion will appear on the 22nd of January 2019.
Igboam also contributed to the fact that people who take drugs are not supposed because they don't take their money to the hospital.
According to Oriuiakhi, it is this kind of harrowing that some people are doing against thorns of prevention that caused certain thorns of malaria to die.
four things you do not know about malaria
He said that some people are going to kemist, denied the inability of the drugs from his medicines.
This will happen that when they need the drug, it will no longer work on them.
He also said that this is a health problem.
How can preventive drugs be effective?
People should be given good training for how to take preventive drugs.
Only when a doctor has prescribed these vaccinations is when he should be heard.
Nutrition: Obesity is not your baby's body
Those who sell preventive drugs should not deliver them to somebody but the person does not have his doctor's document.
'Culture and Sensitivity' should also be done before vaccination is given.
The person who does not go to the hospital will do research so as to be prescribed for proper treatment.
Healthcare workers should explain to people the need to know how to take these preventive drugs.
An interesting story
No fund was issued for the overthrow of Imo state government
Closure of Nigeria's capital office and its implications
What will happen if bags and bags cease to be buried?
Nigeria vs Ukraine: Flying Eagles have gone to be 'the better last'
Nigerians buried him Mohammed with bumbum as Nigira ran away in the match against Ukraine on Thursday night.
Ademola Olajire
Flying Eagle players scored in their match with Ukraine
Nigeria and Ukraine scored one goal for each other in the U20 World Cup of Nigeria and Ukraine held on Thursday night.
But Nigerians are not happy as Flying Eagle footballers have pushed a band back on the competition as they scored after a year old cattle.
Nigerians angrily and rageously acclaim him Mohammed of Flying Eagle as Nigeria is lying in a competition
Thirtyani won the penalty, and the Ukraine goalkeeper remembered him shortly before the middle of the competition.
This happened as Danylo Sikan of Ukraine scored their first goal.
Butitisani saved himself time to score another penalty in the 47th minute of the competition.
Many Nigerians responded to their anger on the body.
See what some said:
@10Q media said that tiani Mohammed is the best player in Nigeria
@vic_mlS lamented that Thiriani lost the chances of penalty.
@rappatek said that the Flying Eagles team was about to delete itani on time.
@SSnetwork said that they did not play with one group.
Jane Ada: I use the idol of Igbos to portray the world of Igbos
Jane Ada a Igbo woman living in America used her skills to describe how she saw some of the gods in Igbo land.
Jane Ada who is notorious for her artists and sculptures said that it is with sculptures she describes some of the gods that are known to Igbo.
Jane studied Secondary School in Enugu before she went to work in the United States and said that she did not know when that started but that it was God who gave her this special gift.
The idols he has made include Amadioha and the land, two prominent idols in Igbo land.
Listen to how he did this and his intentions concerning Igbo culture.
The news reporters: Chioma Nkemdilim and Nnamdi Agbanelo.
Women's World Cup 2019: Super Falcons as Super Eagles play
Some female journalists have explained some of the challenges of women's football games in Nigeria.
Women's football journalists have said that the Super Falcons of Nigeria are better players than their male counterparts.
They said despite this that people especially these men are not interested in women's football in Nigeria and Africa.
They went on to say that the government is not involved in women's football matches as they do in men's matches despite the fact that women are inflicting more violence against men.
That these are the reasons why there is no news about the women's matches in Nigeria
Nigeria versus Norway: Nigeria has defeated France today.
Norway has defeated Super Falcons with three goals in the women's world cup in France
Norway and Nigeria in the national cup of championship in France
Norway has won three goals from Nigeria in the women's world cup which is started in France today
Norway's women played male games where Nigerians played for their ladies until their leave began to call the women that never bore fruit.
France made Super Falcon to survive
Why is women's football not interesting to you?
Norway's first goal scored by Reiten for 17 minutes (42) while the second for 34 minutes (34) by Utland.
The threat to Nigeria was that of Ohale's body which made Nigerian a third goal in 37 minutes (37).
As this is being done, Nigeria is now collecting a column from Francisca Ordega and Desire Oparanozie who got it first in 13th minuite.
Norway won Nigeria with three goals after my rest, which Nigeria did not win after the match.
This Saturday night, the women's world cup was on fire in France which is Nigeria and the rest of the 24 countries.
Nigeria is in the top of A who started it in Stade Auguste Delaune in France
Nigeria and South Korea will meet on Wednesday at 2pm at Stade des Alpes, Grenoble.
Spain has already defeated South Africa with 3 goals
An interesting story
Supreme court in Abuja has opened AIT again
NBC Has Disqualified AIT, Ray Power
Why is women's football not interesting to you?
Nigeria versus South Korea: Falcons have fallen like eagles
The Nigerian Falcons have defeated their South Korea team with two goals
Oshaola of Nigeria
The French Stadium has burnt just as the Nigerian Falcons have defeated.
Nigeria's first goal from South Korea when Kim Do-yeon scored against them in 29th minuite
This led to inspection by VAR technology before accepting the goal.
Asisat Oshoala showed South Korea that Nigeria did not attend children's games in 75.
Nigeria versus Norway: Norway has defeated Nigeria
He challenged them with one goal so that Nigeria won the match.
Finally, Nigeria won with self-determination as Norway defeated them in their first competition.
George Weah has met Buhari in Abuja
The Nigerian president, George Weah came to meet with President Muhammadu Buhari on Thursday in Abuja government.
Weah met Buhari
George Weah and Muhammadu Buhari
The Nigerian president, George Weah came to meet with President Muhammadu Buhari on Thursday in Abuja government.
As a social media activist, the president said on Twitter, the president of the two countries had discussions on the relationship between the two countries as he affected security and economy.
Chiji Collins has been elected president of Imo state parliament
New senators in Imo State have elected Mr Chiji Collins as their spokesman.
This guy, who represents the Senate of Mbano of the state.
He was elected and not challenged by anyone.
This is the second time he is going to the house of senate as he was first appointed in 2015.
The bill also elected Okechukwu Onyekanma, who represents the state's Mbasanoli as his deputy.
A cattle man has defeated a girl's head in Ekiti
The town of Ilasa Ekiti in Ekiti is in crisis now due to the death of one of the cattle ladies because she refused to marry her.
The unnamed cattle man seized the maiden from the road where he was going to draw water and hauled her head on Tuesday.
a man has burnt a woman and her family for rejecting her friendship
a man has killed his wife for jealousy
The president of the village, Ajayi Omolagba said that the former cattle commander, in line with the Fulani law, struck deception by his family.
But the girl's family refused to take the maiden to him and he killed the girl.
The Ekiti State police said this was true, that they had arrested the man by reporting what they had received.
Fire burnt shops at Port Harcourt
River State government has said that it is a fire in Port Harcourt Shopping Mall shops.
The Secretary of the state Tammy Danagogo told the respondent that they will replace the shops as people start business today on Thursday.
The President was kidnapped in Katsina
Cows have killed many people in Benue and other states in Nigeria
Reports reaching us say kidnappers have kidnapped a man in Garin laboratori in Kastina state
The king was on his farm when the kidnappers came and attacked with the lightning.
In abroad
We have heard that the president of Mexico, Andres Obrador has insisted that he will sell the president's aircraft and fight for his people to cross America secretly.
Obrador said that he would be borrowing a public airline to ensure that he fulfilled his promise concerning the American country that wants their people to fall down.
In sports, Enyimba FC won the award as 'the best team' in Africa in 2003
In sports, Enyimba has won Nigeria Premier league cup of eight goals by winning Akwa United with three goals yesterday.
Enyimba scored 12 points in five matches whereas Reuben Bala, Stanley Dimgba and Abdulrahman Bashir scored Enyimba
Listen to the news here:
Child trafficking: The police has arrested kidnappers in Imo state
The Imo police said that Immaculata Edward kidnapped and sold 5 children from a family in Ngor Akpala in the state.
suspected persons kidnapped the children
Operation Puff Adder of Imo state police has arrested one whose main job is kidnapping children
On the 24th of Epurel, 2019, a woman named Immaculata Edward said that she is 31 years old from Okondo village in Cros Riva State kidnapped five people living in her home to a man named Ifara Isong living in Ngor Okpala in Imo state.
NAPTIP has arrested child trafficking people
A child trafficking doctor has been arrested
Immaculata stole five children from his boyfriend's neighbours whose parents asked him to take care of them.
These children were born to a group of mothers including; Somto Eke, a six-year-old woman, Kelechi Ekeh, a five-year-old man.
Others are Chisom Ekeh, a three-year-old woman, Ebuka Enwerem, a three-year-old man, Chioma Enwerem, a five-year-old woman and Lucky Ida, a six-year-old man.
Children were rescued in their families
Immaculata took them to the father of child trafficking, Perpetual Iwuji from Obokwu Ulakwo, Imo state.
Perpetual took two of these children and sold them to Grace Nwachukwu from Aboh Mbaise and settled in Mpape Abuja.
Immaculata also bore two children of his uncles from Cross River State and sold them into the custody of Ifeoma Ndubuisi from Lokpanta Abia State.
A child rescued from his parents
According to a police investigation, all the kidnapped children have been locked into their families.
In the investigation, five more children were rescued from Perpetual Iwuji's custody and sent to a nursing home.
Those suspects include: Perpetual Iwuji, Isong Ifara, Immaculata Edward, Grace Nwachukwu, Ifeoma Ndubuisi and Stephen Ezenwa.
Child trafficking is not unknown because in the Eastern part of Nigeria
The news that will interest you:
There is nothing like Igbo President - Okorocha
Does a woman who got married as an unmarried woman have joy?
Rochas Okorocha has sworn as Nigeria's lawyer
AFCON 2019: Contest Mechanism and Result
This process will begin the African Cup of Nations competition which will begin on June 21 in Egypt.
African cup of nations
Inec Server: 'We have calculated the number of cards reader in one place on the computer'
Inec said that the names of all those who were registered in the 2019 election were on their computer.
Festus Okoye and Emeka Unachukwu
Inec Commander Festus Okoye is insisting that the agencies do not have the 'Server' which gave them the opportunity to issue the 2019 election result.
Okoye said that Nigerian law did not give them the opportunity to do the same.
Justice Garba has seated in Atiku's trial in Buhari
The House of Representatives has said on the 2019 budget.
In his voice, 'Nigeria's bill has authorized to take to heart all the result of the elections contained in the EC8A form and go to where they will be treated.
The Nigerian law we used to do so is a election that does not know how to send any information via computer.
The Colation Officer is the duty of carrying the documents to the place needed.
We never used the computer to send out the result of the election.
Okoye confirmed that the enrollees for the 2019 general election are on the computer, and give all parties these names.
The incident form will not stop corruption in the elections
He emphasised that 'It is only when computers are used to vote that something is on the phone'
He said that he does not know about the 2019 election result.
Similarly, the BBC asked a renowned computer worker, Emeka Unachukwu what is'server'?
Unachukwu said that 'Server' is a computer that connects other computers with which different messages are kept.
He said that Inec could say that they don't have a server because there's another company that they were arrested but it is not true that they don't have a servant where there's a cell.
He said that the Internet has its own server while many people post their messages.
Unachukwu said that 'Inec will not say that they do not have a matter because they have a place to keep the data.
They may call this 'data base' and what it is because the computer unites others who are capable of drawing or sending messages to it'.
He said that it is difficult for Inec to believe that they do not have a servant.
They invite people to come and get their PVC ready for election
Unachukwu said that even if a voter was handed him over to a place he was counted, the Inec would also put him in the Server.
But they can say that they have not added the 2019 result to the'server' which indicates that they have not completed their project.
An interesting story
How to avoid HIV infection
Is it fair to respond to the Nigerian administration?
Payment of two months salary in ten months is insufficient-Abia Teachers
Watch our video
World Blood Donor Day 2019: People think about giving blood
As today is the time for giving the blood of Igbo BBC to ask people what they know about giving blood.
Today, the World Blood Donor Day 2019 is being remembered for giving blood.
BBC Igbo asked people what they know about blood transfusion as well as what lies they hear about.
Listen to them.
Diet and Dementia: How to use chocolate and vegetables to dislodge mental problems
Listen to the article to see how to use good food to boost your hunger and strengthen it.
Fruit and vegetables are organized to wear brains.
Learn about food that regulates the brain and also gives you life and health.
Do you know seven foods that can help you deal with mental problems sooner?
Fifty-five billion people around the world have been affected by bipolar disorder that is causing much memory loss and learning problems, adding that up to ten billion people are affected annually (WHO).
Apart from that, it has been observed that the winner is involved in repairing the ladder, but there is no study to support it.
Red wine, coffee, Chcolate and Champagne drinks have become popular as miraculous food for psychological problems.
But, is there any truth in these words?
Listen to what Sheila Dillon the BBC worker observed when she interviewed scholars concerning the matter.
As you will find out, these foods are helpful in your Brain Health:
Food from water
Real protein, dries little and is abundant in Omega Fatty Acids.
Eating fish is one or more of the foods that help the brain
Vine fruit and other related seeds.
Take grapefruit of the grapefruit to look into your body
fruits such as 'Strawberries' and blueberries have something that is inhibiting the birth of brazen fever.
Parchment and various nuts
The cocoyam and the cocoyam are rich in powder and nutrition.
A person who eats about 30 mg of various nuts, corn, rice, milet, oats and proteins, miners and fiber that is found in the brain will avoid it.
The fight
Fight gives blood and is healed in the brain
Who said that yams and vegetables are good for the mind, the person knows what he is saying.
William B
William B: played with him
The majority of cells with brazen fever given to a viral viral viral viral viral viral viral viral viral
Do you drink cocoa juice?
Let's thank the olden people of 'Olimec-Mexico' for showing the world the cup of cocoa.
cocoyam is healthy for arteries and is processed for seed-water.
But remember that you are drinking cocoa juice containing sugar.
Ubebekee
You can get all around the universe.
What contributed to the world's popularity of the avocado is because it helps for its health
Now is it clear to you?
All these foods are not available to you if you have any other foods available to change which you did not find in your area.
And remember, these foods are not about your mind, they are nourishing your body and making you firm!
This article is a reversal of the 'Diet and Dementia' article, which is unique to the BBC's The Food Programme.
Mikel Obi: What I came to do without holding an AFCON cup
Super Eagles' football leader has agreed that they came to win in the 2019 AFCON cup.
Mikel Obi
President of Nigeria Football Federation  Mikel Obi
Mikel Obi who will lead the Nigerian Super Eagles team to Egypt for the African cup of nations AFCON 2019 has said that he will not play because he is hardworking for winning and taking the AFCON cup.
It is up to six years for Mikel Obi to touch the African cup of nations
This was when Nigeria won in South Africa.
Mikel will not play in Poland
Mikel is not happy
Mikel Obi's father has been saved from kidnappers
Another time Mikel won in Africa was in 2006 and 2010 when Super Eagles won third place.
IN THIS AFCON period, Mikel will lead the young men whose blood is very hot and they will not be released this year in Egypt.
Mikel said: 'Though the Eagles today are not experienced in meeting other African countries like him, this competition will give such people as Samuel (chukwueze) and Paul (Onuachu) the opportunity to demonstrate their talents.
And I hope we will go for an Eagle and return.
Super Eagles team
He also said that he appreciated the efforts of the Super Eagles despite their losses in the world cup.
Mikel agrees that the match will be difficult but he agrees that the support of the Super Eagles children will help them win the match.
Remember that Mikel Obi played Nigeria first in 2005 when Super Eagles and Libya club met.
Mikel said in this competition, you might be the last in Super Eagles.
He said, 'every time I try to get better.'
Ukraine and the U20 world cup: South Korea has defeated the U20 world cup
Ukraine has defeated South Korea for the first three goals in the world cup of youths.
Ukraine versus South Korea
The Ukrainian footballers have won South Korea with three goals to one before the world cup of under 20 who scored in Poland today is Saturday.
This victory came after South Korea won penalty in the morning in five minutes by Lee Kang-in.
Flying Eagles have defeated the king
Nigeria has decamped in the AFCON U20
But Ukraine told South Korea that they did not play a month after Vladimir Supriaga scored a goal for him in 34 minutes.
Vladimir Supriaga said that in the fifty-three minutes when he scored his second goal in the South Korea competition, the morning was not really bad.
The Koreans also called a win many times but Ukraine told them that it was not long that my child had grown up when they completed it with 3 goals by Giorgi Tsitaishvili in 29 minutes.
this garment has defeated South Korea
South Korea was swallowed by the world following the sound of the trumpet at the end of it.
This is the first time Ukraine is defeating the world cup after England won it two years ago
An interesting story
What did I come to do without carrying an AFCON cup- Mikel Obi
The Court of Appeal has lifted Chimaroke's hand again, we want to eliminate women who do not want to molest.
They want them to create good clothes
Igbo women dress well every time.
Igbo women are looking for men to try
Whatever a man put in it, an Igbo woman will support it.
They want to get involved in work at any time, they don't want to be silent.
Everything a woman finds to do, she will do well for her.
The news that will interest you:
INEC believes in card reader
China has made Xi the president till the end
Rwanda: Promismaigwe has killed church members
Dapchi children: The fight between Buhari and Jonathan has collapsed
The fight between Buhari and Jonathan for the kidnap of Dapchi students in northern Nigeria has collapsed.
Buhari embarked on a tour of neighbouring Nigerian towns including Taraba, Plateau, Benue before going to Yobe.
President Moh Muhammadu Buhari said that it is better for the former president, Goodluck Jonathan to look into the kidnapping of children
He said this yesterday when he made a visit to Dapchi, Yobe state, where the children were kidnapped last month.
He condemned the reign of Jonathan and the neglect of the Chibok students when they were kidnapped in 2014, and said that it was unreasonable.
Some of these students were kidnapped
But Buhari's statement has brought different issues from many people.
The spokesman of the group 'Bring Back Our Girls' named Sesugh Akume has said that the president did not try
Akume said, 'We are not happy, this is four years of Chibok children's kidnap, now that it has happened in Dapchi as Buhari's administration is doing the same thing that Jonathan did in his due time.
It's up to one month that the children are kidnapped, but now the government is going there.
Notwithstanding all the rumours they made that they had rescued the children of Dapchi.
The president assured Dapchi's parents that he will rescue the kidnapped children
The special assistant of Jonathan Reno Omokiri said that Buhari's son Yusuf Buhari was more arrested than Dapchi's children
He said that during the kidnap of Chibok children, Jonathan called on a security meeting, where Buhari annulled the security meeting during the kidnap of Dapchi children.
He also said that during Yusuf Buhari's accident, Buhari canceled all available travel, and went to visit his child in the hospital.
The news that will interest you:
The parents of Dapchi students captured Abuja
Another person who expressed his opinion is Femi Fani-Koyede on her TV;
The spokesman for Jonathan Reuben Abati said his own on Twitter;
Other Nigerians said something on Twitter;
Is it a culture that will end in Igbo land?
A baby is born, it is born with fish, hot water, sounds and wings. That's what is called birth
baby and mother
Debt is an Igbo culture that started since the olden days and is still happening to this day
Looking at a reward in Igbo culture is a time when a mother comes to visit her daughter and her child (which is her grandson).
Sometimes, if a woman has lost a mother ( if her mother has died), the wife of her father or the mother of her husband will come and treat her at home.
Five things that interest women
Women have adopted new forms of headship
The value of a woman is not exclusive
The reason why she is a woman who is waiting for birth rather than a man, is that she is thought to be the woman who knows most about her because she has gone through the situation herself.
The time of birth is when a mother teaches her daughter everything she knows about caring for a newborn baby.
Sometimes when the mother of a child goes home, the mother of her husband begins to look at her child's reward.
The woman who gives birth to a baby takes advantage of the opportunity of healthy birth when the mother takes care of the baby.
What a mother does in debt
A mother will give her daughter something that will make her milk well
The mother will prepare foods that will make it healthy
The mother will burn it in the womb and other places she wants, and boil it with a container that will burn it.
The mother will feed the baby, wash and bathe
She will attract the baby, and treat it properly
She will ensure that her baby is seated on the bucket with hot water and salts and antibiotics, which will make it possible for damaging blood
It will bother her so that she can and should get pregnant before pregnancy.
A mother will encourage her daughter because she has been in the first position with herself
She will also handle other household tasks such as managing houses and cooking for families.
The value of education
Debt is a time when the mother, her baby and baby enjoy good relationship called 'bonding' because of this many mothers go wherever their baby is born, either at home or abroad, to spend up to three months or more together.
She will instruct her daughter what the speaker also means, whether her child is tigered or harassed.
food that is supposed to be eaten in debt
The woman who is waiting for treatment has foods that she eats, some of them with blood in the womb during childhood in her midst, these foods are both roots and different foods.
Channels
Use hot water
Ofe nsala
Dry water
Tii is hot and hot
Spoked food
Poultry and okporoko
Poultry
Ehuru and faces
Uzzah
Awkadi
Every food will have high fever
It is said that sounds prevent pregnancy and other diseases such as leopardy
A woman's food should not be eaten in debt
It is very cold
Music, Corn and soup used with oil
Ahuekere
Every food has fats (women do not eat them because they are consumed with fats that will dry them in the womb or body)
The news that will interest you:
Is a woman's salary relevant today?
Have you ever seen a woman with colour like a man?
Five things that interest women
What is your objective for prosecuting?
The End of Education
Exhausted, the paid mother will get a lot of money.
Those he visits will buy him various gifts, such as money, suitcases, shoes, bags, foods, and so on.
She will be bought with bags of salt and bags that she will partake of for her neighbours when she leads home.
The women of Ozubulu have done demonstrations
The news said that the women of Ozubulu dressed as the lawyers went to the police headquarters in Amawbia to request a cover.
People with guns attacked St. Phillips members last year
The women of Ozubulu under Ekwusigo in Anambra State went to the police station in Abujawbia to beg them to cover the night.
They did this because of the trial among those who thought they were attacking the church in their town on 6th August last year.
They said that the victims are threatening their lives and that is why they are looking for omens to give evidence against those who attacked them in court.
They took a petition to the place and wrote 'women want to prosecute' 'women want to cover the police in court'
What a witness said about Ozubulu's murder
Anambra police spokesman, Nkiruka Nwode told Igbo BBC that what is important to these women is for peace to take place in their country.
Nwode said that the women who practiced this pleaded with the police as they were preparing to go to court due to their homicide.
Anambra state police commanding officer, Garba Baba Umaru gave the women support, saying that they should go on.
Umaru told the women that 'as long as I am here, there is nothing that will happen to you, I will make sure you get enough judgment.'
What happened in Ozubulu
Those carrying guns went to St. Phillips church which became Catholic and shot people while they were churchgoing
The attack took 11 lives in the morning of August 6 2017,
The news said that it was the issue between two people living in South Africa that caused this
This led to the investigation of the Nigerian and South African police in the matter.
Those accused of plotting were: Onyebuchi Mbanefo, 46, Chukwudi Ugwu, 30 and Great Chinedu Akpunonu, 44
The case is still in court where witnesses are appearing on a daily basis.
The news that will interest you:
Wakershade's burnt market has been reached
The value of education in Igbo culture
Two Nigerian soldiers have been killed in Plateau
I am sorry to be told that people are concerned about my singleness.
In Igbo land, an unmarried woman for thirty years is suffering from emotional, physical and other challenges.
Girls are marrying with ladies
Unmarried women are being harassed
Nkiru (we did not include her father's name as we promised him) is more than 30 years old working as a receptionist in his office in Lagos but has not yet been married.
Nkiru told the BBC journalist that his position is bringing him insults, oppression, violence and cruelty to his family and others.
The last time I went home, the people told me I had returned home if I had no man with my hand.
She also lamented that her uncle (and she has died) does not give her and her sister enough for them because they are not yet married.
Listen to what Nkiru said:
Our househelps asked if I should return home again and I didn't see a husband'
In Igbo land, marriage is a requirement for an elder
According to a study carried out in 2013 by National Demographic and Health Survey, women aged 15 to 19 were married by 28 percent while women aged 35 to 39 were married by 89.4.
The value of education in Igbo culture
Will this trend cease in Igbo land?
This is saying that marriage is a tribal culture in Nigeria
But if a woman is up to the age of getting married and she is not married, especially in the Eastern part of Nigeria, she is underestimated and some are harassed, most of what they have produced in life.
What is the cause?
According to the sociologists, the common cause of oppression or persecution of unmarried women is culture without real understanding.
In his speech, Dr Adedeji Oyenuga who is a professor of Sociology at Lagos State University, explained that it is a culture and that some unmarried parents look at the evidence of poor parenting of their child.
It comes from culture. There's a time when a child focuses on his parents, but when a child grows old and grows old, a brother is expected to marry, a brother is expected to marry. if he does not do the same, especially if he is a woman, his parents will think that they have failed in raising him.
Dr. Nkechi Emma-Echiegu who is a lecturer at Ebonyi State University also said that it is a culture.
In Igbo land, it is a parent who is asked who is getting married.
He went on to say that it is a bad culture that a girl is being insulted or oppressed for not married.
Listen to his words in mourning:
What happens without getting married on time:
Dr Adedeji Oyenuga said that one of the reasons why a woman does not get married on time is high schooling which could cause men to fear her.
He also stated that men usually leave their born place for longer periods than women, so that getting married to an adult is very difficult.
What unmarried girls are suffering from harassment
According to Professor Oyenuga, it is against unmarried women that bring glory to such things as drunkenness, smoke, insecurity, extreme anxiety called 'depression', which can cause extreme death, jailing.
Echinho said that it can cause various tragedies including much thought, hurtful speech, marriage, loss and violent death.
They said that having insight will help you stop the misbehaviour that makes a single woman perceived unworthy.
In Oklahoma, a woman will go to jail for marrying her child
One mother has been jailed for two years for marrying her daughter in Oklahoma, America
Patricia Ann Spann with her son,Misty Dawn Spann
The woman used to marry her son
Patricia Ann Spann, who is 45 years old admitted that she was married and had relationships with her daughter, Misty Velvet Dawn Spann, who is 26 years old.
The woman was taken from her children when they came together again in 2014
They got married when it was lawful for a woman to marry or a man to marry a fellow man in the area.
Researchers found that Patricia Ann Spann had married her son when she was 18 years old, while a boy who was caught destroyed the union in 2010
An interesting story
A former Catholic priest has filed a wedding
Our househelps asked if I should return home again and I didn't see a husband'
Dangote's son has been married in Kanu
It was the ministry of visits that found out about the woman and her son when they visited their homes.
According to the press, Misty Spann destroyed her relationship with her mother in October last year after a Christian relationship with her mother led her into the relationship treacherously.
Misty Spann said that her mother told her that she had 'two dealings with three lawyers who advised her to continue and there was no problem in the conjunction'.
Patricia Ann Spann said she believed that their union was not illegal because she was not registered in her daughter's birthright as her natural mother where they met each other two years before they were united.
Misty Spann admitted that he violated the law against blood relationship. He was given ten years for investigation and consultation with a conscientious analyst.
While her mother, Patricia, will put an eight-year investigation on her imprisonment and her name should be put on her leg as a molested person when she gets out of jail.
According to the law in Oklahoma Locality, getting married to one's blood is blood abuse if they have or do not have any relationship with them.
Igbo food: what you don't know about bread eating
Chicken is one of the most enjoyable foods in Igbo land, and it is one of the most enjoyable foods in Igbo.
Stew
Flour is left to be polluted before it takes its fruit
Many Igbos know that they do not know how to produce bread before it is eaten.
The cocoyam has a tree that produces much of what is called 'breadfruit' and its cocoyam fish is vegetable, while the cocoyam seed in it produces what we call cocoyam.
He fell from his tree to the floor and was allowed to dethronate before he was broken and extracted the cocoyam. Therefore, the Igbos say that 'the cocoyam until it fall'.
Before it is eaten, it will go through such roads as:
How to prepare it
cooking it
Or seeing it in the fire
How to prepare it
Stew
Oil
Some also add onions, gins and salad
Some place fish, while others place vegetables.
Some also add grain
Some also put a pipe
Stealing till it falls
How to prepare it
These things you will do before you reach your goal:
Wash well with water to ensure that there is no joke or stone knuckle inside.
Put it in apressure pot and water that will cover it well
Some put potatoes or spices in order for it to be read and read quickly.
He leaves with water in it and puts it in dry pepper, oil and salt
Allow it to interact with the ingredients you put in it.
Push it and allow it to be in the light to pen and refine.
The bread is one of the delicious foods that you can buy if you put or not add any food
How to eat it
When it comes to some towns like Urualla in Imo state, they do not release their cough water, they drink it differently and they eat their cough
Some do not put oil in their bumbum, while some leave cocoyam water in it which is because they carry it in the water.
It is harvested with cocoyam, cocoyam or cocoyam.
Many people cheerfully use yuletide.
How to save clothes
It is being called before it is brought into custody for those who will buy it to travel to the overseas.
Before preparing the dried fish, put it in water from night till dawn in the morning. This will make it possible for the dried fish to be prepared quickly when prepared.
What it gives to the body
Studies by scientists have revealed that cough contains many positive nutrients in the body, such as riboflavin, iron, niacin, Thiamin, iron and fosforus and also contain potatoes, copper, iron, magneys, calcium, zincere, manganeezi, celline and fosforus and vitamin C.
It is good for the human soul. Some use its leaves to bathe their heads because it kills dadduff, and stop loss of hair.
He also has a little fats, carbon fats, colesterol and sodium.
Some consume chicken juice while others consume it in its water.
Other things you do with it that you do not know
Some oil is added to make it delicious (flavour)
Seeds of flour are used for cooking
It is also extracted with oil
The news that will interest you:
She is commending in Enugu for Fayose's visit to the place.
We will bring the government to court - ICSC
The value of education in Igbo culture
Death and headaches have dislodged people
A former sanctuary in a garbage dump and a doctor said that such a place produces various diseases.
Where weeds are spilled
Mosquitoes from where weeds are spilled are causing serious disease
Those in Ikosi, Iscari or Ketu area in Lagos state are drinking from the government are on their way to dispose of Olososun plants from Ojota.
Enugu state had this on the open road from Enugu to Port Harcourt.
Evil is coming out of these areas as it is in Lagos, some people who came here have evacuated because of evil.
In Lagos, the news said that one child died because he could not breathe because the dead are everywhere.
For this reason, the Lagos Governor Akinwunmi Ambode has shut down the garbage dump.
Government and communities have always robbed bush areas.
What people are saying
But that loss is still there and people live here.
Igbo BBC called on a man named Samuel Osaze who was here on phone
He said that the meat leaving is a cause of serious disease.
The mosquitoes are coming out because the government is burning here at all times. yesterday when I finished the dry road I was going to my house, a large mosquitoes were riddled all over the bush.
In 2013 the Lagos Waste Management Agency LAWMA said that Lagos weeds amounted to thirty thousand
A medical practitioner, Dr Ikechukwu Mgbolu said that mortar from a garbage dump is causing various diseases such as cholera and cholera (Cholera), Taiforo, malaria and fiva.
He also said that people with malaria (asthma) are unable to live near such a place.
Mgbolu said: 'The heavy smoke is infected with hypertension known as 'upper respiratory infection' because of dangerous carbon monoside emissions inside the dead.'
Osaze said this was no longer possible between the month of March and the end of the year for this period of rainy season.
The residents of Lagos waste vegetation every time on the roads in Lagos
Osaze said, 'There are no urban areas that are now being burnt with bushfish because they know that such behaviours are very bad.
Government should buy incinerator that is a bush fire device.
Governor Ambode has said that weeds will not be spilled anywhere again because of the various diseases it infects.
Others are asked to do what to do while garbage loss is in the midst of their communities.
The news that will interest you:
Buhari's cancelation of Rwanda's journey
Are these banks stealing Nigerians?
An Uber suicide car killed someone in America
A woman was shot dead by a Uber car in the city of Tempe in Arizona, in America
Uber
Uber has expressed regret over the woman they have killed
Uber who are part of the industry have said that they have stopped the self-driving bus examination as one of them hit a 49-year-old woman across the road in the city of Tempe in Arizona.
According to the report, the tragic incident caused the Uber office to stop the suicide examination.
Uber chairman, Dara Khosrowshahi said on Twitter that the death was a heartbreaking thing.
We are concerned about the family that has been affected if we are working with colloquians to see how things happened.
The accident is no matter how much Uber is affected, it will affect efforts to produce self-drop vehicles for human sleep travel.
The news that will interest you:
We will bring the government to court - ICSC
Are these banks stealing Nigerians?
Putin will rule Russia for another six years
But if they drop it at the exchange rate, it will make more money invested in education in Nigeria grow.
In recent years, Nigeria has had economic challenges as its economy has failed as a result of the decline in oil prices in the world markets.
It is this situation that, as Uwaleke said, it would not be fitting for Nigeria to follow the IMF standard of living.
Uwaleke said that if Nigeria owns it now, it will be very costly for her to pay her debt in overseas.
An interesting story
How has Nigeria benefited from CHOGM?
Did Nigerians not attend meeting in America?
The police has blocked Dino Melaye's house
World Cancer Day: How I got cancer treatment-Winner of breast cancer
Gloria Orji is an Igbo lady who defeated cancer and was healthy, saying that where she defeated cancer, another person will defeate cancer
Cancer is a disease that is being feared by the world for killing people
Worse still is the person who is looking for treatment but no medicine has been developed that is the treatment.
The 2019 Kansa fever commemoration theme is 'I am strong, you can' which means we can all contract Kansa fever.
But Mrs Gloria who diagnosed her breast cancer in 2010 was tested, she made kimo and all other things that defeated her was disease.
In his words, 'Kasa is not a death sentence', now, he is involved in the case of women with cancer.
He told BBC Igbo how he defeated the disease that threatens the world
Bill Cosby has been convicted of the allegation of raping a woman
Bill Cosby might jail up to thirty for raping a woman.
Bill Cosby
Bill Cosby is a well known musician
The American court has ruled that the armed robber Bill Cosby is convicted of three charges against him as a rapist.
It is Andrea Constand who was a former cosby basketball player in court since 2006.
pronounce Nnamdi Kanu's day of judgment
The court has ordered the arrest of Innoson
cosby is 80 years old, still prosecuting the allegation, but a conviction may put him in jail for thirty years.
This is the second time cosby is defending himself in court for the violence against women.
Bill Cosby is well known for the video entitled The Cosby Show.
Many women are still accusing cosby of rape but cosby said that they are all false
An interesting story
MasSOB - Ebere Buhari does no purpose
See the variety of foods produced from cassava root
Codeine, ammunition
Codeine, softcover is the story of the loss of young people in Nigeria as confirmed by BBC.
Codeine, ammunition is the story of how the use of cough is destroying the lives of young people in Nigeria
The BBC reporters conducted a secret investigation that revealed how drug producers and sellers have been trafficking children in a way that is contrary to Nigerian law.
Codeine: Emzor has sacked workers
Emzor Pharmaceuticals has dismissed one of their officers for investigation, Codeine Orthodoxy' by BBC.
boy with cough drug, Copdeine
Reports say that even the politicians are treating youths as gifts
The Nigerian drug producing company, Emzor Pharmaceuticals, has sacked one worker, and the two jobs were abolished due to their misappropriation of codeine cough, illegally, according to a BBC report that showed that the cough sacked the lives of Nigerian youths.
Emzor sacked one of their brokers who sold drugs to BBC journalist, Emzolyn Syrop.
They said this on social media after BBC released a video on Monday 30th April.
In the full-time video, a group of drug dealers including one Emzor worker was selling cough drugs to people.
The viewers of the video displayed in Lagos yesterday were agitated and angry.
One person said that it is politicians who place oil in Kano fire as he said they distribute the drugs to youths as gifts.
But Emzor office has said that they do not sell drugs abnormally.
They also said that they have stopped Emzolyn's sale of Codeine until they will conclude investigation on allegedly selling their cough
Emzor had stopped one of their shops and later dismissed him from work.
Emzor Pharmaceuticals is a company that respects itself and is honest.
They have more than 120 drug trafficking licenses which include Emzolyn Codeine in the NAFDAC.
They went on to say: The distribution of Emzolyn Codeine yue has been stopped after a detailed investigation.
In a conversation with the BBC and the chairman of the department for regulating and regulating medical activities in Nigeria and the Eastern part of Nigeria, J.C Okafor, he said there is a law that guarantees the distribution of codeine to cough, and if any agency finds that it is misdemeanor, it will be banned.
Okafor said, 'We have a plan for the distribution of codeine cough in Nigeria which made it impossible for anyone to buy without a doctor's payment.
Whatever agency identified to have violated the bill, we are abolishing it.
How Nigerians in the media are blaming Emzor for themselves and those with serious coughing problems among the young.
One person asked the agency: So, if the BBC does not prove the find out, your company will not do anything to stop the overdose of the drug among the youths?
Do your workers not know what they are doing?
Another person, Mairo Mandara, called on the government to ban the sale of codeine cough.
Codeine: NAFDAC has attacked four companies and confiscated many drugs
NAFDAC said that they will try to stop all the agencies that promote the violation of codeine in Nigeria
NAFDAC staff
All the while NAFDAC is attacking Nigeria's pharmaceutical industry
The Nigerian Food and Drug Safety Corps called NAFDAC has invaded four pharmaceutical companies in Lagos, Ilorin and Kano.
The attack, following the BBC's investigation which showed how people spoil codeine cough
NAFDAC said that the attack, showed that the agencies are still producing codeine toothers that are above the number of laws given to them.
Mmachi Codeine: Dextromethorphan will go to the matter?
Government has banned codeine
Codeine: Emzor has sacked workers
The wife of the president has cried for codeine
The NAFDAC chairman, Mojisola Adeyeye, told the journalists that now, they are investigating the role of the four agencies shown by the BBC in their videos.
In his words: 'We have confiscated a lot of codeine drugs in the Ilorine pharmacy.
The Bioraj Pharmaceuticals said that they have forcefully dismissed their employer, Junaid Hassan, and Emzor said that they have dismissed their employer, Chukwunonye Madubuike.
They both appeared on BBC video as fish sellers of codeine.
But the authorities are saying that the government should punish the agencies more than the investigation are undergoing.
Other stories that will interest you:
Four ways journalists are hardworking.
The court has refused to release Dino Melaye until June 11
Buhari has captured Nigeria with his US journey
The Nigerian president, Muhammadu Buhari has captured Nigeria from America after he stopped in London
Muhammadu Buhari
Buhari and Trump fight against terrorists
The Nigerian president, Muhammadu Buhari has traveled to the United States to visit the Nigerian president Donald Trump.
The airline was hit by the president's airport of Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, Abuja at 10pm.
Some government officials have gone to welcome him.
It was the spokesman of the president Femi Adesina who told the newsmen this after the vehicle collapsed.
Buhari's president will visit America tomorrow
See what Buhari and Trump have dealt with
Four ways Buhari resembles Trump
Buhari who left Washington DC on Tuesday after meeting with Trump said that he was in London
President's executive spokesman in the media, Garba Shehu, accused him of accidental suspension of an airline investigation saying it is because the majority of the commander's travels are still beyond fixation.
He also said that Buhari made his journey with a small wave without the energy, and why he stopped in Britain
Shehu said the stop was about putting oil in his car and investigating the light before receiving Nigeria.
He said that there is nothing satisfying that is stop because the president is receiving Nigeria.
But see what people are saying on social media:
The news that will interest you:
Only the air will admit that Buhari has done well
NAFDAC has attacked four companies for codeine
Do you know that killing someone who wants to die is wrong in Nigeria?
Buhari's president has visited London again for healthcare
President Muhammadu Buhari is going to see his doctor who told him to come for his visit and treatment.
Buhari
Buhari had not returned from the United States for a week when he had a meeting with Donald Trump.
President Muhammadu Buhari will leave today to London where he is receiving treatment for his illness.
The letter of the president's spokesman, Garba Shehu said the president would be on a four-day journey.
He said that when the president went to London for repairing and putting oil in his plane when he returned from the United States, he had a meeting with his doctor.
Buhari has captured Nigeria with his US journey
Buhari will travel for work in UK today
Why did Buhari come to Lagos?
He said that his doctor told him to come back to which the president promised him that he would come.
The president will return on Saturday, May 12 of this month.
Shehu said that when he returns, he will visit Jigawa state, a move forward for the APC meeting.
The trip will now be held on Monday 14 and Tuesday 15 of this month, May.
Remember that the president is receiving treatment in London but he did not tell Nigeria the name of his illness.
An interesting story
Lagos: 2131 pregnant women are HIV positive
45 corpses have been found in Gwaska
The Igbos will not fight free again'
Sweet codeine: Nafdac has shutdown three codeine companies
Nafdac has shutdown the Bioraj, Peace and Emzor pharmacies for the illegal distribution of cough containing codeine.
Codeine, ammunition
Many youths suffer from malaria and various diseases as a result of overindulgence in coughing
The food management and drug production department, Nafdac, has shutdown three hospitals; Bioraj Pharmaceutical Limited, Emzor Pharmaceuticals Ind.
Ltd and Peace Standard Pharmaceutical Limited are partners in the illegal trafficking of cough drug with codeine.
The BBC released a secret investigative report which revealed how the three companies used their traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional medicine.
Codeine, botulism
Codeine: Emzor has sacked workers
Government has banned codeine
In a letter issued by the President of Nafdac, Mojisola Adeyeye, the closure followed their investigation as they went to the agencies.
In view of the lack of adequate evidence and efforts to prevent the release of timely documents we conducted our investigation on 2th May, at their facilities in Illinois, Lagos, it was necessary to shut down the industry of these three companies  Peace Standard Pharmaceutical Limited; Bioraj Pharmaceutical Limited and Emzor Pharmaceuticals Ind Ltd.
This is to enable adequate investigation.
Nafdac is doing the research on BBC's discovery of the drug