An interesting story
Joseph Achuzie, Dike Biafra has gone.
Dapchi: Government has not defeated Boko Haram - Massob
Tottenham hopes to win FA Cup in Rochadale's victory
Son Heung-min, Fernando Llorente and Kyle Walter-Peters of Tottenham were the closers of Rochadale in yesterday's competition.
Son Heung-min of Tottenham and his team were happy when he scored a goal in FA cup.
Tottenham has won FA Cup eight times
In sports, Tottenham scored six goals for Rochadale's team to one in FA
This victory means Tottenham and Swansea will play Quarter Final with FA on 17th of March.
Son Heung-min scored the first and fifth goal. Fernando Llorente scored three goals in twelfth minuite in the second round, whereas Kyle Walter- Peters scored the first goal.
Son Heung-min stops Rochadale's team football
What will happen next?
Tottenham will attend Wembley Stadium on the 3rd of March. They will play with Huddersfield in Premier League before they will play with Juventus in the Champions League on the 7th of March.
Rochdale's team had 16 matches to save to relegation in the League one
Their first match will be with Plymouth in three days in March.
An interesting story
Guardiola has lifted his first cup in England
Champions League: Neymar has defeated
Inspector-General of Police: Open a cattlefield before prohibiting their hunting
The commissioner of police has told the governors to continue to open cattle ranches before they ban cattle rearing in their states.
Ibrahim Idris
The commissioner of police Ibrahim Idris has told the state to be a ground for cattle rearing before clogging
The commissioner of police said this yesterday at the kaduna in a meeting of the affected national security said that it will help to solve the problem between farmers and herdsmen.
He went on to say that the problem in Benue was because the state government had not opened a cattle farm before prohibiting cattle rearing.
At the meeting with the theme, 'The security crisis and the need to find adequate solutions,' the crisis between farmers and herdsmen did not originate during the presidency of Muhammdu Buhari.
Idris said: In my view, to reduce gap between farmers and cattle rearers, the state government will try to build cattle rearing centers in their states before enacting cattle rearing.
An interesting story
Ngwa market has burnt in Alaba International
For Achuzia, we will see that Biafra is fulfilled
In Imo state, a park of animals has many wild animals
An animal garden in Imo state has many wild animals.
Different animals in their camp are in Imo state
These animals were also properly built to live well.
George Weah's son Timothy has started playing in PSG
Timothy Weah had gone to PSG where his father, George Weah, was a good musician from 1992 to 1995
Timothy Weah
Will Timothy Weah do well as his father does as people think?
The baby of the Liberian president George Weah named Timothy Weah has started playing in PSG club where his father had previously played
Timothy appeared yesterday after PSG and Troyes played a match.
While Neymar and Kylian Mbappe were not in the race due to their injury, Angel di Maria and Christopher Nkunku who scored PSG goal by winning the competition.
Neymar and Mbappe without him gave Weah the chance to qualify for the competition.
George Weah scored 55 goals during PSG match
Timothy's father, George Weah played for PSG before, 23 years ago, before going to AC Milan.
PSG had 10 competitions, one of which they should win 17 if they are to lift the French League cup this year.
They will meet with Real Madrid on Tuesday for their second round of Champions League. In the first round, Real Madrid won them 3-1
Their player, Neymar will not contest again in this season due to his injury.
An interesting story
Nigerian government has sent an airplane to search for Dapchi's children
A man has killed his children in Awada
Fear of the Fulani herdsmen has arrested many
Charly Boy has said that he wants special youths to rule Nigeria
Charles Oputa who is known as Charly Boy expressed his anger concerning the Nigerian government system.
A prominent Nigerian King of youths Charly Boy said that he is not happy about the situation of Nigeria
When asked by the BBC Igbo, he asked 'Why is it that Nigeria is being ruled by the evil?
Charly Boy said that he is looking for the special youths to prepare for taking the leadership of Nigeria.
'I am heartbreaking since the last 35 years that Nigeria's salvation will be for special youths,' as Charly Boy said.
Oscars 2018: Kobe Bryant is among the winners
American basketball player Kobe Bryant has been among the winners of the election.
Kobe Bryant, a well known American football player
Special victory- Kobe Bryant has won
Amazingly, Kobe Bryant is well known as the American basketball champion has won the award of the Oscars.
He got the prize for a child-time film.
See other dignitaries at the Oscars held this morning.
The winners:
The Shape of Water has the award of 'Best Picture'.
Frances McDormand Receives 'Best actress' for Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
The winner of 'Best actor' Gary Oldman for Darkest Hour
Guillermo Del Toro Receives 'Best Director' for The Shape of Water
Get Out of which Jordan Peele played best original screenplay
Oscars 2018: spectators' appearance
The night of the highest award for him in Hollywood
See the photos of people's clothes on red carpet
Danai Gurira made the movie Black Panther and Walking Dead showing scenes alongside his head
The Academy Awards award is known as the 90th Oscars held at night when people showed their attire.
See what the entertainment industry is dressing in.
Daniel Kaluuya
Daniel Kaluuya a British actor in the Get Out movie was among the titled Oscars
Lupita Nyong'o
Lupita Nyong'o got the Oscars in 2012 for his 12 Years a Slave
Jennifer Lawrence
The uniform of Jennifer Lawrence who made the Hunger Games movie is like a silver Oscar
Andara Day
Andara Day, an American singer and poet, lying on a red carpet, asked people to come and see her dresses.
Oscars 2018: How he went
Black Panther is performing well
Africa was presented at the Black Panther inauguration ceremony.
Black Panther: why are you in this movie?
Tom Holland
Tom Holland made the Spider Man movie dressed well and came to name the winner of the event.
Chadwick Boseman
Chadwick Boseman is the ruler of T Challa of Wakanda in the Black Panther movie wearing Givenchy's uniform came to Oscars.
Ashley Judd
Ashley Judd who participated in the Time's Up talk appeared on a red carpet in yellow uniform.
Adam Rippon
Adam Rippon in the Olympics qualifying figure skating caused people to take him captured as he was made to look out of the fifty shades Of Grey.
Salman Hayek
Halman Sayek wears red
Darrell Britt-Gibson
photographers have joined Darrell Britt-Gibson to perform Three Billboards show on red carpet
Whoopi Goldberg
Whoopi Goldberg's uniform is like a dragon.
Patrick Stewart
Sir Patrick Stewart made a X-men film with Time's Up in his uniform to share photos of saints.
Sally Hawkins
Sally Hawkins, a British member of the titles for the film The Shape of Water, laughed at the photographers.
Saoirse Roman
Saoirse Roman made the movie Lady Bird appeared on the red carpet Oscars after 10 years after her first appearance in 2008 when she was still a 13 years old
Meryl Streep
Meryl streep has been named for 21 Oscars prizes since she started acting
Margot Robbie
Margot Robbie played a beautiful Tonya movie with red carpet
Tiffany Haddish
Tiffany Haddish created a beautiful African attire known as Eritrean women in Ethiopia
All these photos contain copyright.
What other African countries have been better than Nigeria in movie.
As to the world's highest sound recording called Oscars, African delegates are showing Nigeria hundred.
Oscars award
2018 is the 90th year of Oscars' lifting in Hollywood
After the Oscars which is the world's highest music album of 2018, the Igbo BBC surveyed and made sure that other African countries were better than Nigeria in terms of video.
Oscars 2018: In Central Africa and Nigeria
The BBC observed that despite the fact that some Nigerian film producers have put some Hollywood stars in their films, it hasn't made them to belong to the most popular people in Hollywood.
Nollywood is a movie producer in Nigeria and other African parts are among the popular, and other African nations have shown them superiority.
Lupita Nyong, who lives in Kenya, America, got the award of 'the best movie woman' in 2013
In recent years, Nigeria has been seen as a'hero' in Africa, but now it is as if others have passed by them.
While Nollywood itself is producing more than 1000 films in a year, Hollywood is producing less than that but it doesn't say it is all around the world hoping that they are producing the best films.
But when it comes to Africa, Kenya and South Africa, Nigeria is showing superiority as it scored Oscars.
From head to head in South Africa
What concerns me is security and community economy.
How Senators Borrow Nigerian Money
See who is involved in the senatorial seat
Nigerian youths have challenged Buhari for calling them'lazy man'
Nigerian youths do not agree with Buhari's statement that CHOGM is lazy.
Muhammadu Buhari
Nigerians are saying that President Muhammadu Buhari is missing them in overseas for some time
People are still talking about the 'umengwu' that the Nigerian president calls youths
While Buhari visited London for a Commonwealth meeting called CHOGM, he said that Nigerian youths are lazy
This statement did not make many Nigerians laugh, which made them to show their anger on social media.
Three statements which Buhari 'humiliated Nigeria with'
Buhari's statement vexs the youths
The president cannot insult the Nigerians
Buhari's spokesman, Femi Adesina, said Nigerians misunderstood what he said.
Adesina's speech does not stop people from expressing their feelings.
#LamyNigerianYouths
Many of them went on to practice their trade, saying that they are not lazy despite the fact that Nigeria's country is not very good.
A white man was involved in the matter.
Some said how they trained themselves in school through their efforts
Some said that they will not support Buhari in 2019
One person showed a disabled person that he is still working with.
Who will be the new leader of commonwealth?
Commonwealth leaders are meeting to find out if the Welsh girl will replace her mother as head of the department.
Queen Elizabeth
This English woman wants her son Charles to succeed him
Commonwealth leaders are meeting to discuss if the Welsh woman will replace her mother as head of the 53 countries unified.
On Tuesday, the British Woman decided that her son Charles will rule a group called CHOGM in Buckingham Palace.
She said that it was her wish for her son Charles to rule CHOGM someday.
But the post is not what the woman gives to her baby if she dies.
It is being expected that the leaders of Commonwealth will decide who will rule them when they meet in Windsor Castle but there hasn't been any indication that the declaration will be held at the summit.
Who else is entitled to Commonwealth?
BBC journalist, James Landale said that it has been suggested that the post be moving in the Commonwealth community.
But, President of South Africa Cyril Ramaphosa has shut down his mission at a meeting in London to see why the attack is being done in his country.
The attack is taking place in South Africa while protesters say they are missing jobs, accommodations and sanctions.
What is the role of the leader of Commonwealth?
The position of the British lady is very important.
The commission is gathering fifty- thirty countries to ensure that Commonwealth is a reality.
This entails uniting these countries through international trade and partnership.
An interesting story
Chimamanda said that someone attacked her
The president cannot insult the Nigerians
Nigerian youths have challenged Buhari
The Chairman of these agencies has been visiting all the countries in the union to strengthen the commitment.
The board of directors of the union are making decisions on who will be their chairman.
Prime Minister Theresa May and Prime Minister of Canada Justin Trudeau have supported Charles's firstborn.
What is CHOGM?
CHOGM is Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting in English.
It is the meeting of leaders of Commonwealth countries, which is held every two years.
Those who do so are the worshippers and the Prime Ministry of the fifty-three countries and their families, spokesmen and journalists.
The year's meeting held in London, the previous one in 2015 was in Valletta in Malta
The money laundering in Imo will not go our way- spokesperson for Rochas
The Imo State Government is saying that the tax scheme is not their responsibility, but they will fund it with ten million naira.
Rochas Okorocha and King of Ogoni, King Godwin Gininwa
The post of Rochas Okorocha will end in 2019
While the story explains that Imo state government has told all the elderly who are qualified to work and they paid N3,000, Imo state government is saying that it does not pay them the money.
Ebere Iwuji, the spokesman of the governor on media, told BBC Igbo over a phone call that the price will be paid only once.
He also said that the projects of the countries in Imo state would be financed by money.
Although the news stated that it is six million naira that is similar to one country, Nzewuji said there is no name for any money, as residents of the country now ought to pay the tax.
Nzewuji said, 'Ego will not enter the Imo state government's purse, it is owned by the various local departments of the Community Government Council (CGC)
Nzewuji went on to say that the Imo state Government will support the country with ten million naira, while assuring that it will be served as a basis for manufacturing and other things the country wants.
It is assumed that everyone who wants to succeed will want to support it, especially where they are involved in first development projects, Nzewuji said.
Nzewuji went on to explain that no king of the country has deprived the salary for the incident.
Listen to his description in detail here:
The news that will interest you:
Why Nigerians give tithing
The president cannot insult the Nigerians
The greatest news of this night: Buhari is the father of Nigeria
What party will complain about decamping APC?
The 2019 elections were over and over as some party are trying to dislodge APC from office in 2019.
Olusegun Obasanjo
Olusegun Obasanjo stopped office in 1999
A lot of party members in the leadership called APC and stakeholders in Nigeria are struggling to remove Buhari's leadership in 2019.
Reports say that many parties can initiate unification in the coming elections to boost any contest in the coming elections.
These parties include in the joining of the party: the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), some leaders of the All Progressives Congress (APC), the Social Democratic Party, and others of up to 33 smaller parties
and 'Coalition for Nigeria Movement (CNM) of former Nigerian president, Olusegun Obasanjo.
A union of Obasanjo has started.
2019 election: Keyamo is Buhari's spokesman
Buhari: I will contest in 2019
APC takes the lead in 2015
Former Nigerian president, the military chiefs have retireed including a soldier, T.Y Danjuma, in support of the coup.
According to one spokesman, 'This will not be like a change that APC has taken for granted.'
We are not addressing the INEC office with name of change.
This new party will give everyone the opportunity to express his opinion.'
Those in the house of senate and even 19 governors are supporting the election.
PDP ruled Nigeria for 16 years before APC took power for them
On the other hand, the PDP party is being considered whether they will change their party name.
The party chairman, Uche Secondus said that he and his team are still considering the echic.
But people are saying that instead of changing name, PDP sets out strategies to resolve Nigeria and remove APC from office.
An interesting story
The use of 3000 naira tax in Imo
Those receiving treatment have arrested the health workers
Nigerian youths have challenged Buhari
Death Attacks Father's Church 'Ebube mursor'
Protesters who attacked the Catholic church in Uke Anambra state injured many and destroyed 30 vehicles.
Youths struggle for death
Morning is a traditional ceremony known as the Igbos
The martyrs at the ceremony, 'Why' in the Idemili North Local Government Area, Anambra State, attacked the Catholic prayer rally and destroyed more than thirty vehicles, injured many people, whereas one of their attractive persons was thought to have died on Saturday.
The Chief Priest of the church gathering Father Emmanuel Obimma, known as the 'Ebube of Spirit' and other priests, and the titled women who came there escaped from the youths who attacked those who went to God's knees on Friday night before Saturday morning.
The inspector Francis Okoye told BBC journalist over a phone call that the dead attacked the meeting place at about 8 : 00 p.m. and injured more than 30 vehicles.
Aguleri and Igbo are not the origin of Igbo.
A man has killed his children in Awada
After the incident, we counted their damaged vehicles counting three times.
They injured many people.
Someone was taken to the hospital for goodwill.
We do not know whether he is alive or dead.
It is expected that the Uke youths took the lead in preparing to torture the church because, when it was being done on the'streak', death runs at 6 : 00 p.m. and the martyrs attacked at 6 : 00 p.m. at night.
They started beating people who came to church with cars, taking their money and phone from them.
Death destroyed many vehicles in the congregation
Our security guard tried their best to stop them from spoiling things but when we saw that there was too much happening, we called the police.
They came and arrested some of them.
The Anambra state police said that the church was invaded by death, but they said that nobody died.
The state's police spokesman, Nwode told the BBC that 'we have been arrested for three deaths and we are investigating what happened there.'
The news stated that this is not the first time the youths of the community are molesting those who attend this special Catholic meeting every night on Friday that attract more than 20 percent a week.
Those around the scene said that the youths in the community were persecuting drivers and churchmen who snatched money from them and scratching some things.
Eventually, they beat the worker of Father Obimma and the priest spoke to the police who captured the youths and left them when the king of town fought with the elders.
It has been alleged that there are youths who constantly torture the riders who drive away the people
An interesting story
Up to 88,000 children can die from hunger
Benue: lawyers have killed 20 people
What party will complain about decamping APC?
Ezeife: The Igbos will ask Buhari again
Ezeife and some dictators have said that asking Igbo to support Buhari to get a position in 2023 is a treachery.
Chukwuemeka Ezeife and some Igbo elders
Chukwuemeka Ezeife, the former Igbo-Ukwu governor of Anambra state is one of the spokesperson for the Igbo people in Nigeria
The Igbo leaders have said that the Igbo people will reject President Buhari's support in the 2019 election as they did in 2015.
They cautioned the Igbos to know that if they promise President Buhari to go into the next election in 2019 and the presidency that will reach Igbo is a promise given to a woman on her waist, because it is a treachery.
After all, the sum of the APC members includes, Minister of Transportation and Tourism, Rotimi Amaechi, Secretary to the Federal Government, boss Musta and also the chairman of the Voice of Nigeria, Osita Okechukwu told the Igbos to vote for Buhari in 2019, so that they should reach them in 2023.
Give Igbo president 2019 - Balarabe Musa
The Igbos are being oppressed as the defeat in war
But some honesthearted people said that the issue was deceptive to get the Igbo votes, especially those like Buhari who sued the Igbo for his election in 2015, that they will give him in the 2019 election.
In a conversation with the Sun that had former governor of Anambra state, Dr Chukwuemeka Ezeife said: 'It was not seen how it would have been done.
don't think we should appeal to the people for the presidency.
My reasoning is that we should go and pray to God, who knows that if an Igbo takes the lead as president, the Fulani will be happy, the Yoruba will be happy, and the thoughtful regions in Nigeria because we will adjust the economic situation of Nigeria as he will continue.
To speak about 2023 is an insult, everyone saying it is to deceive the Igbos.
Similarly, former leader of Ohanaeze Ndigbo, Dozie Ikedife, said that the Igbos who have promised to get the presidency mean nothing in the past.
He told The Sun press: 'It has made many such promises to the Igbos in the past, and our people have been deceived.
If somebody deceives you twice or three times, when it comes to the fourth, you think to do.
The earthling man is tired.
Ikedife went on to say: 'I am concerned with how to legalize and discuss Biafra and not fight or incite anyone.'
Remember that in 2015, many Igbos did not vote for Buhari which made him refuse to give 95 per cent of his supporters and fifty per cent of his loyalties, a word that many have been assumed to have been fulfilled by the people he had given office ever since he came to power.
An interesting story
Monkey Attacks Catholic Church In Anambra
Up to8,000 children can die from hunger
Benue: lawyers have killed 20 people
A man has attacked a restaurant in America
Police are looking for a man that attacked the dieters and killed four people while four others were injured.
The tent where the incident happened
The police found guns that attacked the hospital
The police said that a man has killed four people in a restaurant in Nashville in America
The man sneaked into the restaurant at 8 : 00 a.m. in Antioch and set out to gun people.
Four others were also injured when another person was eating the food, snatching a black gun from him and he fled
The police have given the man's name as twenty-one-year-old Travis Reinking from Illinois where they are looking for him
An interesting story
Monkey Attacks Catholic Church In Anambra
Up to 88,000 children can die from hunger
Benue: lawyers have killed 20 people
Soyinka: wash your tears in 2019
Wole Soyinka
Nobel winner, Wole Soyinka has said that good leadership has failed in Nigeria
Wole Soyinka warns Nigerians to
Wole Soyinka the famous writer has warned Nigerians to be careful not to allow politicians to deceive them again in the upcoming election in 2019.
Soyinka, who said this Sunday at the anniversary of the birth of the famous lawyer, Gani Fawehinmi, who was held in Lagos, said that Nigeria is in trouble with democracy now.
He said that from those who put Nigeria in the troubles it is now with by their plan, they have been again prepared as rescuers as the election is coming, and he advised Nigerians to reject the old politicians to allow the new leaders to rule.
Buhari has talked with the leaders of APC
Wole Soyinka: unite your and let the elder rest
He said: 'He is not suspected that democracy is in trouble.
It's not only the democracy but the country that we are in trouble.
I don't think there is a time and a lifetime on earth, in this country when all the times of waiting are equal.
We all know this.
The question is that we find it a way of salvation to us and their bodies a way of continuing to do the things that happened in our country.
It is not new about the need to contest for Nigeria's unity.
It is unthinkable that the enemies of the democracy who personally introduced a plan that brought us to our place today are those who meant that they portray themselves as saviours of a country that is hoping, a country with a population of 200 million.
Soyinka further advised Nigerians to wash their tears in order to flee.
An interesting story
Monkey Attacks Catholic Church In Anambra
Up to 88,000 children can die from hunger
Benue: lawyers have killed 20 people
He twisted me that while speaking about salvation of Nigeria, one or two means those who have those taking the lead.
It is being told that people should be suspicious of them because of those who have become suspicious of themselves and the group that have taken part in resolving Nigeria in the state of democracy today.
Why did Nigerians not attend trafficking meeting in America?
The Nigerian government has confessed about what happened in the meeting of those who want to invest in Nigeria and the ministry in America.
Yemi Osibanjo in Abuja
Yemi Osibanjo is among the people mentioned in the book that organized them as a meeting
Many representatives of Nigeria's government are surprised to be in the Nigerian and American government meeting in Washington DC.
The coming of the government did not surprise people that Nigeria would not get a bribe from overseas.
Those who should attend these include the Vice President Yemi Osinbajo, Minister of finance Kemi Adeosun, Minister of Petroleum, Minister of Agriculture, Minister of Agriculture, Minister of Agriculture, Minister of Agriculture, Minister of Agriculture, Minister of Technology, Minister of Technology Ogbonnaya Onu, Minister of Media, Lai Mohammed, Minister of valuable Stone, Minister of commerce, Minister of commerce, Minister of commerce, Minister of Petroleum, Minister of commerce, Minister of Petroleum, Minister of Petroleum, Minister of Agriculture, Minister of Petroleum, Minister of Petroleum, Minister of Petroleum, Minister of Petroleum, Minister of Petroleum, Minister of Petroleum, Minister of Petroleum, Minister of Petroleum, Minister of Petroleum, Minister of Petroleum, Minister of Petroleum
Taxes on smoke and wine have invested
Switzerland has agreed to return Abacha's money
One who is saddened by the government's actions is Emir of Kano Sanusi Lamido, who once worked as the banks coordinator in Nigeria
What Sanusi said
Sansi said that the investor in Africa, he has Nigeria, he has Ghana, he has Rwanda, Kenya and South Africa.
He went on to say, 'Nigeria is more powerful than any other people in trafficking, but it might say instead of putting 500 dollars in Nigeria, let me put 100 dollars in Ghana, 100 dollars in Rwanda, 100 dollars in the Code Juwa, to get the publicity award.'
We went to meet with those who have their investments in the country, we should start at nine o'clock, we should start at ten.
On my arrival, they took me to the house of the representative of Nigeria.
Those who attended the meeting were there, the vice president was not, the ministry was not, Sanusi said.
Sanusi said that the incident was wrong, as it shows that Nigeria has not been prepared for what is being said.
He said, 'You have invited people to come and hear how there is trafficking in Nigeria, but you did not come.
It's not how to find people who will put money in Nigeria.
If the meeting is organized by the Rwanda, the president, Kagame, will be there inviting people to Rwanda.
People were involved in the matter on social media.
The @SegunAndrews registrar agrees with Sanusi's statement.
But, the government has said that they are not the case.
Le Mohammed the Minister of Information sent a message stating that it is not true that those who should attend the meeting will not attend.
Mohammed explains that the ministry whose name was involved in the ceremony did not get their documents, nor did they sit in Washington DC during the meeting.
He said that the ministry of Agriculture, electricity and services and financial creation are not organized to get documents even though their names are contained in the books that will speak of their haughtiness.
The minister of commerce and himself went with the president to a meeting of the leaders of Commonwealth countries living in London.
Minister of finance is in Washington DC, but it is for the world bank meeting with IMF.
He went on to say that the minister in charge of media and culture got a bribe, but he answered and told the organizers of the bribe that he would not be disappointed for the other things he sued in.
Lai Mohammed said that 'this shows that there is no need to say that the Ministry refused to attend the meeting.
Do not let Igbo die
Ikeogu Oke won $100,000 as the highest record writer in Nigeria in 2017.
The winner of the award as the best in writing in Nigeria in 2017 Ikeogu Oke has said that Igbo language will not die if Igbo people call it important.
Ikeogu earned $100 thousand as Nigeria's largest literary artist titled 'Nigerian Prize of Literature' for his book titled 'The Heresiad'.
The reason why the book is different is that he wrote it in an Igbo way of reading first.
In his discussion with Igbo BBC, Mr Oke spoke on Igbo language security, and the person he thought should be in his custody.
The federal government has stated what to do with Abacha's funding
Kemi Adeosun the minister of finance has spoken on what the Federal Government will do with Abacha money in Nigeria
Kemi Adeosun and Christine Lagarde are the chairmen of IMF
The Nigerian Government has approved the use of more than three hundred dollars from Abacha borrowed by the Swiss Government.
Minister of finance Kemi Adeosun has said that people will be bought with the money as President Buhari promised during his campaign.
He said this while addressing journalists at the conclusion of the summit of the world's financial sector, IMF is on the run which took place in Washington and the United States.
Adeosun also said that the money has been deposited in the special pocket of the Nigerian bank called the CBN in order to begin developing strategies that will assist the poor.
Taxes on smoke and wine have invested
The senators have called the chief banker
In the message he was spreading, he said that the Federal Government hoped that they developed their plan, in a way that would make Nigeria better.
In his voice 'we put these initiatives in the production, the Nigerian economy will rise'
What is Nigeria deriving from CHOGM?
A Igbo man has defeated Big Brother Naija
Did Nigerians not attend meeting in America?
Three things that result from increasing cost of exchange
IMF has told Nigeria to calculate its currency fluctuation rate to one, where experts predict the loss of majority.
Naira
EFCC said that Umar is looking for a million naira
In an attempt to stabilise Nigeria's currency fluctuation, the IMF has advised Nigeria to partner its currency fluctuation.
Nigeria has no fewer than five currency changes; one for fuel importers to Nigerian, one for nominal tourists in Saudi Arabia, one for nominal Christians, another for foreign education and a currency set up by the government.
As experts in economics Pat Utomi and Uche Uwaleke explained to BBC journalist, having many financial changes was disastrous.
Here are some of the risks to have multiple currency changes:
It is causing fraud
Pat Utomi explained that he is doing 'the person who knows who has the opportunity to buy money from the price and use it for sale, but the person who has the need for the money to import what he will produce goods in the country without knowing who can't afford it.
It's not good for business progress.'
where African salad will enter
Currency fluctuation: Has dollar dropped by naira?
In his words, Uche Uwaleke gave an estimate, 'As a government fluctuating rate is N305, a person is sold on the mouth, he can leave the price, sell it to another person, N365, and get interest. But if there is one fluctuation, you can't turn it around.'
It extinguishes industriousness and production in the country.
Uwaleke said that there are many financial changes that make many of them exceptional.
All that is to be done is to sell cheap currency, you are going to have production.
Depressing the nation's economy's inclusion
Utomi said, 'If people are making money fluctuating prices to send their children to the country for education, it will make everyone who wants to send their children to the country, the schools in the country will fail.
Saraki and Ekweremadu: People are talking about their prevention
Ekweremadu'concealed his riches'
Nigeria's peace has been put in Ekweremadu's hand again
The senators number 109, if 108 people are in Ekweremmadu's residence now, it means they are all in his residence.
Remember that the Senate has resolved today for the security workers to evacuate the house of the deputy senate Ike Ekweremadu, where they attacked today.
Ekweremadu was prevented from coming out of his house today morning, making him not to attend the presidential meeting today, whereas up to 14 senators decamped APC to PDP.
Uche Anichukwu the spokesman of Ekweremadu, told the Igbo BBC that the EFCC prevented him from leaving his house in Abuja, that it was not the DSS as we wrote.
@MrBanks Omishore a special assistant to Bukola Saraki, wrote the letters of the EFCC sent to Ekweremadu this morning, on Twitter.
In the letter, the EFCC said that they wanted to investigate Ekweremadu for plotting, violating his mandate and borrowing the money called'money laundering'
As Saraki entered the house of senate and started plenary, he said that Ekweremdu had not come, and said that he should strive to maintain his democracy.
Senator Sam Anyanwu said that he was with Ekweremadu yesterday, but there is no document that the police are looking for him.
After the plannary, the senators decided that security workers should immediately leave the house of the senate vice president Ike Ekweremadu so that he can get the permission he deserves.
This morning, Saraki was among those who prevented his going out of his good house.
On the other hand, the Nigerian President Muhammadu Buhari thanked those who decamped from APC today for their success.
He said this through his Twitter handle @MBuhari:
The EFCC blocked Ekweremadu's door in Abuja
A video showing where the EFCC is waiting in front of Ekweremadu's house:
Those who kidnapped and killed a Catholic priest have been condemned to death
The Supreme Court has condemned the kidnappers and executioners of Father John Adeyi to death through revulsion.
The court has ordered the execution of criminals
The Supreme Court in Makurdi, Benue State has ruled for the execution of two people, Hartuna Idi and Suleiman Gina who remained in the custody of father John Adeyi until they died as a result of their actions.
Remember that four kidnappers including Saidu Abdullahi and Aliyu Garba kidnapped Father Adeyi, a Vika-Jenaraal Catholic in Otukpo Dayosis, Benue state, killed him and dropped his corpse in a farm near Otukpo in 2016
What I passed on to kidnappers
Mikel Obi's father has been rescued from other kidnappers
But after the police arrested them four, they confessed that they received the priesthood a million naira in sum (N1.7m) as her money but shot her when they heard that the community was ready to come and release her where she was arrested.
One of them confessed that he was the gun that killed him, whereas the remaining two women were condemned to death on Wednesday.
In a message to the Daily Post family of priests, they expressed satisfaction that in the long run, justice had reached them.
But they lamented that the decision reminded them of the assassination of Adeyi, who is a professor.
Senators have come to Ekweremadu
Saraki and Ekweremadu: People are talking about their prevention
APC is paying the penalty for their administration - Specialist
Does it have a spirit that resides in a child?
What Igbo culture said about gender in the olden days and also the purpose is following today.
In the olden days, the Igbos believed that those who are the eggs can do magic
New clothes in every house bring great joy to the heart of everyone.
But there are some places in Igbo where a newborn baby can play
The people of this country are like Ignyama (Ibusa) in Delta state, where children are seen as exceptional.
Who is the leader?
Some reports have explained that a newborn baby has a bigotry because the mother begged the same spirit in the land to give him a baby.
will you do the kind of sacrifices of sacrifices in the olden days
Do you know the god worshipped by the Igbos in the olden days?
They believe that infection is a mark of the better spirits than that of the child.
They are calling these children 'Azenwa'
They believe that their tears are their crowns.
According to their beliefs, a child with great pride will be a child who will perform well on the earth because his god is steadfast on his side, they are very difficult, and that they will grow up to carry a giant with great terror in the time of war.
But most of the issues that follow are major issues.
It is difficult to take good care of the feathers.
Holy joined in misunderstanding
Many of the hoodlums, believed that a child with a head of infection would get seriously ill or die if pressures penetrate his shop.
It is an abomination to touch the hair of the person with the head.
Anyone who does this should immediately give the child the money in check or allocate the money in check.
After this ceremony will stop the child from developing a serious illness.
Only the child's mother can touch the child's cheek.
Religious ceremony of headaches
The news stated that it was the native doctor who cut the child's head
Now popular in the video is that most people are proud of themselves.
The child will be an adult, a speaking child.
The family will ask him what he wants to have to cut him off.
Everything she wants that day they will give her.
The Master of Christ
The Igbo land is a place where the faith of the Christian congregation is well proclaimed.
This has made many Igbo cultures to change.
Now, most Igbo people do not believe that the wicked spirit that resides in making every child big is born on earth
But they are still taking such a child to church as the priests pray for him.
Dr Anthony Mgbolu told the Igbo BBC that the mother tongue is the product of the family race.
What Igbo culture explained about lordship
The professor of African and linguistic studies at the University of Lagos Chiagozie Nnabuihe explained that the Igbo BBC in the olden days had no beliefs concerning the main people.
Nnabuihe emphasised that if the Igbos in the olden days believed in their pretext, they should give him a name.
In his words: 'Dada is the name of the Yoruba people.
The Igbos do not boast because they have relationship with the Yoruba.
But is it really bad?
Nnamdi Daniels is an actress
Many of the people we interviewed said that there is nothing wrong with her husband but, rightly, many people still see her husband as a gangster.
Nnamdi Daniels a man with the head told BBC Igbo that he has disregarded their abuse and abuse of his head
In his words: 'Echetera'm one time I made a trip to the university of Niger State.
The security officer started asking me questions that baffled me for my fault. This caused me much shame.'
Government has eliminated more than two million codiene vaccines
The Ministry of Health has arrested more than two million codien cough and is looking into others
Codeine medicine
youths and heavy drinking of the codiene thorn
Federal government has said that they have eliminated more than two million codiene cough in the markets in Nigeria
Minister of Health, Professor Isaac Adewole said this when his examination committee stood to look into the codiene crisis.
He also said that this is to show that the government is firm in their intention to stop the fight for codiene in Nigeria
Mmachi Codeine: Cough drug is now expensive
Nafdac has lifted the arrest of Emzor and others
Adewole said that his agency in the National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control had collaborated with the elimination.
Remember that in May of this year, the BBC released a video showing the spread of codiene cough in Nigeria
It was in the moment the video appeared that the government said that they will shower on the joy of the cough.
The government is saying that they are still looking into other coughing drugs that I am killed.
An interesting story
2019 Election: see what some Igbo people want to contest for presidency.
Why do Igbos always go to these churches?
Why Igbo expels people from the evil forest
Is the evil forest a place where the Igbos wander but are they oppressing those they evacuate from the forest?
The anointed
Igbo worships various spirits
Why is Igbo called the evil forest evil forest?
Do you know that the evil forest is still in Igbo land?
What is the evil forest?
An African and linguistic specialist at the University of Lagos, Chiagozie Nnabuihe explained that the Igbo BBC was a bush, not a bush as many people are calling it.
As the Igbos believe, the hell is where they worship the god that resides in the land.
This is where they dismiss the curse of the land for everyone.
In Igbo God is the most important land, but the spirit following it is the land.
Nnabuihe explained that the Igbo land believed that the land is a spirit that produced all the things in the world
Does it have a spirit that resides in a child?
will you do the kind of sacrifices of sacrifices in the olden days
Soil is bad (soil is shut down)
Igbo believes that the land, you see everything, this means that there is nothing you can hide in his eyes.
The evil forest is still in Igbo land till now
The land will inflict this person completely.
See the sickness of the land that grieves those who have done it
Leprosy
Yellow fever
Odyssa (Dropsy)
Ibi(hernia)
Nnabuihe explained at the time, no doctor would try to treat the diseases we mentioned.
Anyone who takes the sickness of the kind should confess his complete sin before he dies.
If he does not say the wrong, they will expel him from the spirit realm.
Do you know the god worshipped by the Igbos in the olden days?
Things you should not do close to an Igbo man
Other things like fornication, or study of dress and grooming as well as treatable diseases can make the land cursing the person
Human departure is not wrong
As Nnabụihe used to explain, the departure of this person is to save his children and his family.
Christianity is the greatest faith in Igbo land
Igbo in the olden days believes that everyone has accepted the indignation of the land in his family.
A place for the spirit realm in Igbo land now
The need for nationalism in Imo state
Fire plantation in Okija
Mbitoolu Abigail
Ihiala
Arusi Orgija
Igbo culture is dying
Nnabuihe said that this is the worst happening now in Igbo land
He said: 'There are different cultures in Igbo land exposed as a result of Christ's coming to Igbo land, people have molested many of this forest, nobody is playing this forest fear anymore'
An interesting story
The woman's bumbum is being found on twitter for her comments
New politicians boast about social media.
Ahmed Musa: Al Nasr has accepted him today
It has been a long time it has been rumored that Musa can move to Al Nasr but now, it has been announced.
Ahmed Musa
One person who was thought to be part of a prominent football team, Ahmed Musa.
But now, Musa has been devastated in the ended world cup competition, leicester City to Al Nasr of Saudi Arabia.
It is not known how much they bought it from Leicester City but it is rumored to be up to seven hundred and a half million pounds.
Do you know that women are holding the Super Eagles at ransom?
The Super Eagles are now like the bride
World Cup 2018: Why are Nigerians grateful to Ahmed Musa
Leicester City bought him the first time by CSKA Moscow in 2016 but returned there during the last year's football season.
After the world cup, people thought he would go to Galatasaray because he was highly invited by the supporters of the team.
The above video shows how his new group said 'nothing' and welcomed him into their group.
Meanwhile, Ahmed Musa has not said anything about this popular issue.
Babatunde Fashola says Nigeria is now afraid of electricity
If what Babatunde Fashola says about the production of electricity is true, it will be a big thing for consumers in Nigeria
Meat tongue
Nigerians have scratched for no fire
Minister of fire, works and buildings Babatunde Fashola said that the electricity produced in Nigeria has risen to 7,000 megawatts.
Fashola said this in Kalaba, the capital of Kros Riva state yesterday.
electricity will not shine brightly till 2023 - Electric workers
PHCN suppose to give you 3 months notice before disconnecting-Lawyer
Fashola is in Kalaba where the board of directors in his administration are meeting.
He said that despite remaining hard work, his department had increased the level of electricity in Nigeria than it was when they started working in 2015.
Fashola unifies Buhari's government with three departments
Three years ago, the news is that the production of electricity was a major problem we face in Nigeria.
Then, the fire producers are saying that they have no one to distribute to Nigerians.
Then, we are creating 690 megawatts for Nigerians, but the story has changed.
What we can now be 5,222 megawat, which is the largest ever since Nigeria emerged.
Currently, the product is 710,000 megawatt and also 7000.
Trouble still exists, but we will say we are progressing.
An interesting story
'Let your baby suckle'
The Igbos are contesting for king in Kano
Four currency changers have been shot dead in Port Harcourt
How to make your children happy during the holiday season
Both with money and without money, here are some things you and your children can do during this long break.
Students and Oprah Winfrey
The time has arrived again when the students have a special holiday season because it is long.
Some parents have supported how to take their children to school called 'Summer Lesson' but not all children will like this.
If you are not among those who will take their children to Summer Lesson, see what you can do for them
Women want the government to pay them education
4 out of 12 children kidnapped in the Thailand cave have been gathered
Buhari: Fight against child abuse
Teach them to swim
Flooding is a way your children will motion and learn to save themselves when they fall into the water.
it will also make them exhausted so that they can sleep well and praise well
Try to take them today.
Teach them artists and other technology
Teach them to play
Igbo you are!
Does it have fear that is greater than fear of ogene?
No!
will we teach our children?
Eeeeeee
Relate an ancient story
Do you know the first bomb blast in Igbo land?
Do you know the name of the first man who freed himself?
You can know this and train your children.
One way you can do this is to take them to a reality show in Igbo land.
entrepreneurs
Take them to a place where they will learn trade.
This will enable them to learn a trade that can feed them in the future if they do not get a job at the end of the university.
One Generation
At the end, if you are an interested person of the culture, this long holiday season is when you can put them in oil or one generation in your country.
This will give them genuine knowledge, a conscience about Igbo culture and its strongholds.
An interesting story
'Let your baby suckle'
Why Igbo expels people from the evil forest
A woman kidnapped herself while sleeping with another kidnapper drinking Tramadol
Scholars have said that it is a serious crime that caused much emptiness including the new crusade in Nigeria.
Edgal Imohimi
Lagos state commissioner of police Edgal Imohimi said that they have reduced the power of the Boko Haram in Ikorodu
Police arrest woman who praised herself to collect 15 million naira from her husband in Ogun State.
Again, the kidnapper was arrested where he went to kidnapp a person if he was asleep after taking the hard drugs of Tramadol.
But moral experts who are psychologists are saying that 'terrorism is the cause of it'
Mikel Obi's father has been rescued from other kidnappers
Femi Joseph and his team attacked the drug shop with guns to kidnapp his owner but Joseph fell asleep after hearing the truamadol obtained from the hospital shop.
The shopkeeper explained that when they came to the shopkeeper, the hospital shouted and fled through the back door.
According to the police spokesman in Ondo State, but as they didn't get what they wanted, one of them started hungry till because of a tramadol he drank.
She fell asleep 24 hours after drinking it all.
there was also the call of Tramadol in his bag.
On the other hand, a woman named Hadijat Kabir and two others including one man and another woman planned to cheat her kidnappers and cost her husband fifteen million naira.
The Lagos state Commissioner for Police Imohimi Edgal, said it was the complaint her husband brought which led them to start investigation and find out that it was his wife that had planned the crime.
An expert on morality and a lecturer in the Ebonyi State University, Nnachi Amos said, is not the main cause of corruption but the present wave of evil.
Some are bad discussions by having a bad reputation.
His counterpart in the Federal Neuro-Pychiatric Hospital in Yaba, Lagos is Chinyere Okonkwo agrees with Amos' statement.
They are sound in mind.
If you look, kidnapping is not an easy task.
Crime and worse than that.
An interesting story
Church Massacre Ozubulu: A year has passed.
Can a man and a woman be just friends?
Things you should not do close to an Igbo man
The kidnapper who took drugs has died after nine days
The police in Ogos State have said that the kidnappers who did not come to sleep for the dead thorns have died
Someone who is sleeping
The BBC doctor interviewed said that she was a kidnapper deserving treatment.
The Ondo police spokesman Femi Joseph has told the journalists that the kidnapper who took drugs has been lost according to the News agency of Nigeria.
Remember that she has been sleeping since she was arrested by the police on 5 August at a medical center.
Joseph said that the kidnapper was killed in the state hospital where doctors were trying to treat him
A kidnapper needs treatment- Medical doctor
Evans' lawyer has resigned from his trial
What empowers the kidnappers?
In his words, 'The investigative kidnapper died after nine days of arrest.
We thought we would ask him so that he would help us in our investigation, but he died yesterday.
This could be from the drugs he took.
We use this opportunity to admonish parents to know what kind of friends they are having.
The report said that the kidnapper went to sleep on the drug dealer but the victim ran away from the drug dealer.
He and his team later collected one person, Daudu Wale his batum, where he went to buy medicine and one of them was caught.
An interesting story
What would you say to Nnamdi Kanu if you met him on the road?
a baby was thrown away in Onitsha today
Buhari and Osinbajo will contest in 2019?
Five jobs you can start with N10,000
His speech propelled a lot of disagreements with stakeholders in Nigeria and also the federal government.
Another loud news is the story of an Igbo woman named Mama Boko Haram
Aisha Wakil told BBC Igbo how she has raised children who are members of Boko Haram today
The news of the well known Priest in Nigeria who gave birth to triplet twins after 19 years brings great joy to the Igbos and all Nigerians
Abaribe's statement about the cattle rearers became popular in 2018.
The world cup also concerned the Igbos.
World Cup: Real 'lookers' have said that Super Eagles will reach the final stage
Also followed is the story of the arrest of 140 IPOB women in Owerri.
The women are in court today
Our women do not violate any law- Ipob lawyer
Women of IPOB have been released from Owerri
Flooding affected Igbo land in 2018.
Their report triggered plans for IVF.
Five women from Regina Pacis in Onitsha also qualified the Igbo during the 2018 Technovation competition by becoming the best in the world.
An interesting story
Three Eke fears will commence on January 1 - The Nigerian military
Green Revolution: The produce of the Shagari for Nigerians
How to escape attacks and activities
Second Niger Bridge as a woman's promise
Igbo Tradition: Why marriage is common in Igbo land
On several occasions while people are asking why there is complete marriage in some parts of Igbo land, the news explained it.
Man and woman unite
Igbo does not approve of singleness
There are usually stories about some youths or girls who love each other, and agreed to live together as husband and wife, but they did not practice marriage as they should.
There are also occasional incidents in this situation, especially the woman's being in the house of the man who died without any ceremony of marriage doing in a traditional way.
Echichi woman in Igbo land
Five things that interest women
Is it a tradition that will end in Igbo land?
However, this usually puts several families around.
In view of the plight, some cities in Igbo land, made it lawful for a man to marry a woman he lived with, which he did not do when he was alive.
Why married people in general:
In Igbo, it is not believed that a man is married, if he has not fulfilled something for him
Even if it does that of the court, it is expected that she will come and act as the parents wish.
As a cultural specialist, Nze Olueze Chkaejuoha (Duruagwu II) in Umuchara, Isu in Nwangele of Imo State told BBC Igbo, this law is very common in their communities and has its various punishments.
Whoever survives life, he survives death, is the custom of many societies
But in Akoko also in Imo State, the scheme is un sellable, where the family of a native woman comes and carries the corpse of their child and goes and buries in their homes.
procedures for full marriage:
The person will come and tell my children that their child has a fever (he will not tell them first that he is dead).
They will go with her to 'visit' their child, when they see his corpse, they will accuse him of killing their child, which will make him to defend himself
To prove that he did not kill him, he would agree to marry the woman's corpse
she will come and marry her
she will come back and tell my son and his wife that they have died.
The man will then go on to celebrate his burial.
What will happen to the person who refuses to get married in general:
As Nze Chkaejuha explained, these are the things that will happen to the person who refuses to marry and has not done his best
The person will face various punishments.
And every sort of wicked thing that comes with the person
It is not good for such a person
The person may also die a disgraceful death
But the person can repent, even imagine if all these tragedies start to happen to him.
what the person will do if he repents
If the man locks the ear and later repents over the obstacles he gets, the following things he will do:
The person will send the elders of the community to come and restore the soil
He would be punished by ensuring that he fulfilled his obligations in two thousand ways.
Nigeria 2019 elections: The character of the presidential candidates – Muhammadu Buhari
The Nigerian president, Muhammadu Buhari is contesting for the presidency for the first time in the rearrest of a democrat under the ruling party.
President Muhammadu Buhari
President Muhammadu Buhari is now campaigning to become Nigerian president for the third time.
He first came to power in December 1983 (194) as Nigerian soldiers seized the force, but some of his opponents seized Buhari in 1985.
The BBC debate is ongoing now
Buhari later became the president through democracy in 2015, after an attempt to get it the chairman three times free.
As when he was ruling as a soldier, Buhari did not have any real name about tolerance.
Even though they are not in a democratic rearrest, many people are in prison because Buhari refuses to release them as the court does.
The 76-year-old man took oath of duty in 2015, promising to fight against corruption and corruption and chaos, as well as promoting the Nigerian economy.
Four years are coming to an end but many people do not believe that what he did means what the eyes see.
Promises of victory over Nigeria's Boko Haram are fighting against those who are wanted to separate a nation of worship back to the northeast of Nigeria, but in recent years, these critics have given Buhari's intention to sit on the presidency troubled by the way they attack the area.
The respondents believed that Buhari would meet up with the unconstitutional party that was louder than they were — and the PDP flag bearer, Atiku Abubakar, went to worship and went from Nigeria as Buhari.
Buhari is the former All Progressives Congress (APC) flagrant as an integrity keeper in Nigeria's politics, though most people see his campaigns as a symbol of economic loss.
An interesting story
Nnamdi Kanu - Buratai has almost been singled out by 'Ewu Eke II'
I'm not confident about corruption during the 2019 election -- Atiku
Nigerian Election 2019: The contestants and their vice
Do you know the six prominent candidates in the 2019 presidential election?
The BBC will expose them
The contestants for the presidency.
Here are six people who are contesting for the most popular president:
As the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) published a document showing that more than 70 people are contesting for presidency in 2019, BBC Igbo wants to show you whose name is most loud.
Eastern election support has burnt
I won't be like Tinubu to tell people whom to vote.
Peter Obi won't give you money but he will support every good job.'
Of these six persons and their vice, there are three women; one is contesting for the president while others are contesting for the vice.
1) Muhammadu Buhari and Yemi Osinbajo
Buhari and Osinbajo have ruled Nigeria since 2015 under the All Progressives Congress (APC)
Who is Muhammadu Buhari?
He was born on the 17th of December 1942
He has ruled Nigeria twice; as a soldier and as a civilian
He won the presidency three times (2003, 2007 and 2011) before won in 2015
He is likewise the president, he is also an oil minister.
Who is Yemi Osinbajo?
she was born in March 8, 1957
He is a priest in Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG)
she won the position of Buhari's vice in 2015
He is an effective lawyer
2) Atiku Abubakar and Peter Obi
Atiku and Obi are delivering the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the 2019 election.
Who is Atiku Abubakar?
she was born in November 25, 1946
He was the Vice president from 1999 to 2007
He has twice contested for the presidency; in 2007 under AC and in 2018 under PDP
He is a businessman with a variety of.
Who is Peter Obi?
she was born on July 19, 1961
He won Anambra state governor under APGA in 2003 but did not assume office until March 2006 when he won in court, but was eventually sacked in November of that year.
He later returned to his seat on February 2007, leaving May when Andy Uba defeated him, but the court ordered his release to last four years.
He lost his seat as Anambra governor in 2014 after he lost his position twice.
He is a professor of economics.
Oby Ezekwesili and AbdulGaniyu Galadima
Galadima is also the chairman of the Allied Congress Party of Nigeria (ACPN) they wanted to contest
Who is Oby Ezekwesili?
she was born on 28th April 1963
He is a Minister in charge of excavations from 2005 to 2006 and of education from 2006 to 2007
she has been a member of the Bring Back Our Girls (BBOG) group in charge of kidnapped Chibok children since 2014
If she wins, she will be the first woman to become the president in Nigeria
Who is Ganiyu Galadima?
she was born on June 11, 1964
She studied at the Kwara State University and later became a member of the Governing Body of the school.
He was the former presidential candidate under the ACPN in 2015
He is a businessman
4) Kingsley Moghalu and Umma Getso
Moghalu and Getso are contesting under the Young Progressive Party (YPP)
Who is Kingsley Moghalu?
she was born on the 7th of May 1963
This is the first time he is contesting for Nigeria's politics.
She studied and received a certificate of law in the university.
He is also a professor of economics.
It works like directon in Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN)
Who is Umma Getso?
she was born in 1981
He is the deputy chairman of their party YPP
He is a businessman, and a worker in the rights of women.
5) Omoyele Sowore and Rabiu Ahmed Rufai
Sowore and Rufai are contesting under the African Action Congress (AAC)
Who is Omoyele Sowore?
She was born on February 16, 1971
He is a person who is responsible for the issue of authority.
It started while still in the university
He founded SaharaReporters.
he founded the party AAC in August of 2018
Who is Rabiu Ahmed Rufai?
she was born on July 17, 1976
He is a medical doctor or a medical practitioner
He was a lecturer at Bayero University of Kano
6) Fela Durotoye and Khadijah Abdullahi-Iya
Durotoye and Abdullahi-Iya are contesting under the party, Alliance for New Nigeria (ANN)
Who is Fela Durotoye?
she was born on May 12, 1971
She attended the university of Obafemi Awolowo in Ile-Ife
He is a person who teaches people how to pursue money, and also a person who uses words to stir people's spirit
He is contesting for the presidency under the party, Alliance for New Nigeria (ANN)
Who is Khadijah Abdullahi-Iya?
she is the founder of the Women Community of Africa (WCA) and Rags to Riches (R2R)
He is also a lawyer
Whom would you vote for?
Imo Election Results: Seven major statements by Uche Nwosu
Only Uche Nwosu came to the BBC discussion about the position of governor in Owerri Imo state.
Igbo was in Owerri when BBC Igbo conducted the discussions of the governorship candidates in Imo State but it was a surprise to the Imo people that only one person in four promised to BBC Igbo that they will come to the discussions.
The Imo state APC spokeman has followed Uche Nwosu
Imo APC Primaries: Uche Nwosu has been declared the candidate for the Imo state governorship election.
Those who anointed the Imo people are: Emeka ihedioha PDP, Hope Uzodimma of APC and Ifeanyi Ararume of APGA
Igbo BBC chairman Adline Okere said that it was only Ararume who told him that he may not come because he was starting his campaign.
The ceremony started with two in the morning.
In the aftermath of the debate, Uche Nwosu pledged he would pay N30 per cent as the minimum wage if it was granted by the federal government.
Nwosu went on to say that his party has no one contesting for the president to get involved in the support he gives to President Muhammau Buhari.
What he said next is; 'There is nothing in Manifesto I can't do.'
Seven key words of Uche Nwosu:
Uche Nwosu joined AA from APC to contest for governorship in Owerri Imo state
Nwosu stated what he will do for the Imo state if he takes the lead in the election that will be held in March 2019.
Buhari for President: 'The AA can punish Uche Nwosu'
It is not true that the Action Alliance is not supporting Nwosu - Obidiche
Ngwa, see what it did in minutes and minutes:
Academic achievement will be achieved through conventions.
I will make health free for children, pregnant women and elders
I will bring youths into the field.
I know whom I believe in politics.
I will make the most of the living things for the Imo people
I will pay N30,000 a month if the federal government confirms it
I will take a look at the issue of pension.
An interesting story
Uzodimma, Ihedioha and Ararume did not come to Igbo BBC discussion
Atiku comes to America he has a question to answer-Lai Mohammed
What Nigerians are saying about Atiku's journey to America
Atiku: Abuja was hot as Atiku returned to the United States.
Reports of Atiku Abubakar's return, fire to the Guinness wine industry, President Buhari and political economy, Onnoghen's report, the Mexican accident and others were among them.
Important properties:
The PDP members and interested people of Atiku Abubakar came out on the Nnamdi Azikiwe airport in Abuja to welcome Abubakar, who went to the United States.
Atiku and the President of the Nigerian House of Assembly Bukola Saraki took a two-day trip to the country where, as Atiku explained, he had a meeting with the government.
Atiku will take part in the election that will be held on Saturday night in Abuja.
fire burnt in the Guinness wine industry
fire burnt the Guinness wine plant in Osisioma Industrial Layout, Aba, Abia state on Friday.
The fire that raged up to six hours was caused by the fire extinguishment agency, as well as other nearby agencies, the police and the community assisted with it.
Guiness spokesman, Nike Onnakoya told Igbo BBC that the fire did not injure a person and could do much harm
He also said that their wine production works were still available in their bar in Benin and Ogba, Lagos Breweries.
There was no injuries or substantial damage to the result of what happened as the Aba cave was due to fraud and there was only a handful of workers.
Our main place of wine production was in our camp in Benin and Ogba (Legus).
It is a lie that Onnoghen was about to be arrested
Femi Adesina was a well known journalist before working in the office of president.
The president's office has said that the news that the government wants to arrest the Nigerian high court Justice Onnoghen is false.
Muhammadu Buhari's spokesman Femi Adesina confessed in his Facebook account that the'false narrative' was filed against the coalition of the United Political Parties (CUPP)
Donald Trump: There has been progress in the issue of the removal of the North Korea nuclear bomb
US government shut down last week because the senates do not approve their budget
The American president Donald Trump has said that there has been progress in the issue of North Korea's nuclear departure.
He said that it is contrary to what experts say he has not gone and it remains to where he is going.
Liverpool and Crystal Palace defeated him
In sports
Liverpool defeated Crystal Palace with three goals to two in the first stage on Saturday.
Government will sell property that is involved in corruption.
President Muhammadu Buhari has said that his government will sell wealth to politicians whose party is involved in corruption.
Buhari said this in Kaduna, where he voted yesterday.
He said that it is because he does not want to do what he said that he did in the year 1985, which is the return of the people's properties.
The Nigerian Supreme Court has embarked on a campaign to sack Onnoghen
Reports reaching us explains that the Federal Government has gone to court the Code of Conduct to appeal for Judge Walter Onnoghen to his position as Supreme Judge of Nigeria as well as the Chief Judge of the National Judicial Council.
The person mentioned in the CCT is Nigeria's lawyer Abubakar Malami
Overseas
About 20 people have died in Mexico as fuel burns in the air
Others were injured in the accident that occurred in Hidalgo state in central Mexico.
In sports
When Lobi Stars and Heartland FC met
Lobi Stars of Nigeria will meet Asec Mimosas of Ivory Coast today in the country's capital city, Abidjan in their second round in the CAF Champions League.
Lobi won the first round with eight goals against Mamolodi Sundowns in Enugu.
Listen to these minutes here:
Watch today's video
Obasanjo: 'We want the president to be healthy and healthy'
The Nigerian former governor, Olusegun Obasanjo has stated many things that he is concerned about how Nigeria is now and what he wants Nigerians to do about him
Obasanjo
Olusegun Obasanjo has said that he does not think that Inec will make an honest election in the coming month
Even if they want to make the rightful election, those in the current government will not give them time.
A union of Obasanjo has started.
This government has been joined in 2019 - Obasanjo
Obasanjo said this while reading the journalists he wrote entitled Points for concern and action from his depot in Abeokuta.
He said that what Nigeria wants now is a reasonable and challenging president.
Obasanjo said that Nigerians should praise what Buhari did little for them since he was in office.
In his words, 'Let us go for a while, we will go for a while or we will allow him to seduce us again.'
He took the leadership of Buhari that the tyrannical Nigerian soldier named Sanni Abacha while he was alive as president.
An interesting story
My child has died for not troubling money
Do you know Igbo proverb well?
Day 28: Do you know the name of the 91st party in Nigeria?
# BBCNigeria2019
Atiku comes to America he has a question to answer-Lai Mohammed
Olusegun Obasanjo: Why Atiku was better than Buhari
Obasanjo told the BBC that he checked Buhari's action and found Atiku better than two times.
In a conversation with BBC Yoruba, former Nigerian President, Olusegun Obasanjo spoke about the former vice and candidate in the 2019 election, Atiku Abubakar.
He said that he is right now that he will choose Atiku better than Buhari because of what Buhari has done.
Those that have to choose between them are those of APC and those of PDP.
From what I saw in Buhari- not knowing a job, malfunction, corruption, weakness of the mind, weakness of the mind and everything else that Atiku compared with him.
Atiku can do two more than Buhari.
He also spoke about Boko Haram and the Independence National Electoral Commission (INEC).
Obasanjo explained that he believed that President Muhammadu Buhari as Atiku njo, was the reason he had raped to support the youths of the 73 presidential candidates of Nigeria.
He also stated what happened before the military invaded Odi in 1999, when up to 2,500 people were killed by the military.
The discussion that will appear on the 22nd of January 2019.
We are also involved in the fact that people who take drugs are not supposed because they do not have their money to go to the hospital.
According to Oriuiakhi,'it is this kind of harlot some are doing against the thorns of prevention that caused some of the thorns of malaria to die.'
Four things you do not about malaria
He said that some of the people going to kemist, claimed the inadequate drugs from his medicinal practitioners.
this will happen that when they demand it, it will no longer work on them.
He also said that this is a health problem.
How can preventive drugs be effective?
Good training should be given to people for how to take preventive drugs.
The only time the doctor has prescribed these preventive drugs is when they should be heard.
Nutrition: Obesity is not your child's health
Those who sell preventive drugs should not take it to a person but the person does not have his doctor's document.
'Culture and Sensitivity' should also be conducted before taking preventive drugs.
The person does not go to the hospital to do research so as to be prescribed for proper treatment.
Health workers should explain to people the need to know how to take these preventive drugs.
An interesting story
No money was disbursed for the inauguration of Imo state.
closing down Nigeria's capital office and its implications
what will happen if the use of bags is stopped and things are bound up?
Nigeria vs Ukraine: Flying Eagles have passed 'the best'
Nigerians played against him and Mohammed as Nigeria played against them in the match against Ukraine on Thursday night.
Ademola Olajire
Flying Eagle players played a lot in their match against Ukraine
Nigeria and Ukraine scored one goal for themselves in the U20 World Cup of Nigeria and Ukraine on Thursday night.
But Nigerians are not happy as Flying Eagle players have turned their back on the band in the competition as they did after the year.
Nigerians angrily and rageously charged Tijani Mohammed of Flying Eagle as Nigeria is suffering
Tijani scored penalty, and the Ukraine goal keeper remembered him shortly before the half time of the competition.
This happened as Danylo Sikan of Ukraine scored their first goal.
But Tijani saved time for himself to score another penalty in the 47th minuite of the competition.
Many Nigerians expressed their anger to tire.
See what some said:
@10Q media said that Tijani Muhammed is the best player in Nigeria.
@vic_MLS argued that tire of the penalty.
said that the Flying Eagles coach should have disqualified him on time.
@SSnetwork said that they did not play in unity.
Jane Ada: I use the Igbos to picture the world of Igbos.
Jane Ada a Igbo man living in America used her skills to explain how she met some of the gods in Igbo land.
Jane Ada who is known for art and bones said that she used to describe some of the gods Igbos are known for.
Jane studied Secondary School in Enugu before going to work in the United States said that she did not know when that started but was given this special gift by God.
The idols he has formed include; Amadioha and land, the two popular idols in Igbo land
Listen to his example as well as his objective in Igbo culture and language.
The news reporters: Chioma Nkemdilim and Nnamdi Agbanelo
Women's World Cup 2019: Super Falcons are the target of Super Eagles
Some female journalists have explained some of the problems of women's soccer in Nigeria
Football journalists who are also women have said that the Super Falcons of Nigeria are better than their male counterparts.
Still, they said that people especially these men are not interested in women's football in Nigeria and Africa.
They went on to say that the government is not interested in women's soccer matchs as they do in men's soccer even though women are prone to fornication.
That these are the reasons why news of the women's various competitions in Nigeria is not heard.
Nigeria versus Norway: France is defeated today.
Norway has defeated Super Falcons with three goals in the women's world cup in France
Norway and Nigeria are in the female France cup
Norway has scored three goals against Nigeria in the women's world cup which started in France today
Norway women played as male whereas Nigerians made their women until their rest they started playing until they never bore fruit
France defeated Super Falcon
Why do you not like women's football?
The first Norway goalkeeper scored from Reiten in 17th minuite (19%) and the second in 34th minuite (34%) from Utland foot
The fear of Nigeria was reflected in Ohale's case which made a Nigerian goal third in 37 minutes (37%)
As it is being done, Nigeria is now holding a golden note from Francisca Ordega and Desire Oparanozie who got it first in the 13th minuite.
Norway won Nigeria with three goals when I am fully qualified which Nigeria did not qualify after the match.
This Saturday night, the Women's World Cup was ablaze in France which is Nigeria and the rest of 24 countries.
Nigeria is the one who started the competition with Stade Auguste Delaune in France
Nigeria and South Korea will meet on Wednesday at 2pm at Stade des Alpes, Grenoble.
Spain has defeated South Africa with three goals to eight goals
An interesting story
Supreme court in Abuja has inaugurated AIT again
NBC has deprived AIT, Ray Power of publicity
Why do you not like women's football?
Nigeria vs South Korea: Falcons have shined like eagles
The Nigerian Falcons have defeated South Korea with two goals
Oshaola of Nigeria
France is now on fire as the Nigerian Falcons qualify
The first goal of Nigeria came from South Korea when Kim Do-yeon scored on their net in 29th minuite
This happened that inspection was started with VAR technology before scoring the goal.
Asisat Oshoala showed South Koreans that Nigeria did not attend children's games in 75 minutes.
Nigeria versus Norway: Norway defeated Nigeria
He scored one goal to them which made Nigeria winner of the match.
Finally, Nigeria won independently as Norway defeated them in their first match.
George Weah has met Buhari in Abuja
The Liberian president, George Weah came in meeting with president Muhammadu Buhari on Thursday in Abuja government.
Weah came to meet Buhari
George Weah and Muhammadu Buhari
The Liberian president, George Weah came in meeting with president Muhammadu Buhari on Thursday in Abuja government.
According to a Twitter user on social media, the president of the two countries had a discussion on the relationship between the two countries as it concerns security and economy.
Chiji Collins has been appointed the Imo state house of senate
New senators in Imo State have declared Mr Chiji Collins as their spokesman.
The young man, is the representative of the state's Isiala Mbano council.
He was elected and not challenged.
This was the second time he was going to the house of senate after he was first appointed in 2015.
The bill also elected Okechukwu Onyekanma, the deputy representing the state's Mbaitoli.
A herdsman has removed the head of a girl from Ekiti
The town of Ilasa Ekiti in Ekiti State is in crisis now as a result of the death of one young cattle rearer for refusing to marry her.
The unnamed herdsman concealed the herdsman on the road where he went to harvest water and headed for it on Tuesday.
A man has burnt a woman and her family for rejecting her friendship
a man has killed his wife because of jealousy
The mayor of the town, Ajayi Omolagba said that the former herdsman inculcated deception from his family in accordance with the Fulani Constitution.
But the girl's family refused to marry him with the man of the cattle rearer which made him kill the girl
The Ekiti State police said this was true, that they had arrested the man through a report they had obtained.
Fire burnt shops in Port Harcourt
River State government has joined in the burning of shops at Port Harcourt Shopping Mall.
The state secretary, Tammy Danagogo told Ometutara that they will even test the shops for people to start business today, Thursday.
The mayor was kidnapped in Katsina
Cows have killed many people in Benue and other states in Nigeria
Reports reaching us said that the kidnappers have kidnapped a king in Garin Labo in Katsina state
the king was on his farm when the kidnappers came and fought with batumtum.
Overseas
It has been heard that the Mexican president, Andres Obrador has asserted that he will sell the president's aircraft and fight for his people to cross America secretly
Obrador said that he will continue to rent public airplanes to ensure that he fulfills his promise about losing lives for the rest of America
In sports, Enyimba FC got the award as 'the best player' in Africa in 2003
In sports, Enyimba has won the eighth Nigeria Premier league cup by winning Akwa United yesterday with three goals
Enyimba scored 12 goals in five matches whereas Reuben Bala, Stanley Dimgba and Abdulrahman Bashir scored Enyimba goal
Listen to these news here:
Child trafficking: the police has arrested the kidnappers of children in Imo state
The Imo police said that Immaculata Edward kidnapped and sold 5 children from a family in Ngor Akpala in the state.
suspect kidnapped the children
Imo state police department of Operation Puff Adder has arrested one whose main job is kidnapping children
On the 24th day of April 2019, a woman named Immaculata Edward said that she was 31 years old from Okondo community in Cros Riva State that kidnapped five umbrella residents to her a man named Ifara Isong residing in Ngor Okpala in Imo State.
NAPTIP has arrested those involved in child trafficking
a native doctor who is involved in child trafficking has been arrested
Immaculata stole from five children neighbours of her boyfriend whose parents told her to take care of them.
These children are born to one of their mothers; Somto Eke, a six-year-old woman, Kelechi Ekeh, a five-year-old man
Others are Chisom Ekeh, a woman of three, Ebuka Enwerem, a three-year-old man, Chioma Enwerem, a five-year-old woman and Lucky Ida, a six-year-old man.
Children who were saved in their families
Immaculata took them to the custodians of child trafficking known as Perpetual Iwuji from Obokwu Ulakwo, Imo state.
Perpetual took two of these children and sold them to Grace Nwachukwu from Aboh Mbaise and settled in Mpape Abuja.
Immaculata also met two children who are her uncles from Cross River State and sold them to Ifeoma Ndubuisi from Lokpanta Abia State.
A child saved his parents
According to a police investigation, all the kidnapped children have been found and put in the custody of their families.
Among the investigations, another five children were saved from Perpetual Iwuji and sent to a child management building.
Those suspects include: Perpetual Iwuji, Isong Ifara, Immaculata Edward, Grace Nwachukwu, Ifeoma Ndubuisi and Stephen Ezenwa
child trafficking is not unknown because in the Eastern part of Nigeria
An interesting story
There is nothing like Igbo President - Okorocha
Is a bride who is a sign that is not a husband happy?
Rochas Okorocha has sworn oath of office as Nigerian Senate
AFCON 2019: Competition Mechanism
This process will begin the African Cup of Nations competition which will start on June 21 in Egypt.
African cup of nations
Inec Server: 'We have calculated the number of card reader each place on the computer'
Inec said that the names of all those who were registered in the 2019 elections were on their computer.
Festus Okoye and Emeka Unachukwu
Inec minister Festus Okoye is asserting that the agency does not have 'Server' which gives them the opportunity to send out the 2019 election results.
Okoye said that Nigerian law did not give them the opportunity to do so.
Judge Garba has seated in Atiku and Buhari's case
The House of Representatives has spoken further on the 2019 budget.
In his voice, 'Nigeria's mandate to take all the result of the elections contained in 'EC8A' form to a place to be treated.
The Nigerian law we made with it is a election that does not know how to deliver any information via electronic media.
The Collation Officer is their responsibility to carry the documents back to where it is needed.
We never carried out the result of the election using computer.
Okoye confirmed that the people who registered for the 2019 elections are all on the computer, and give all parties these names.
The 'Incident Form' will not be used to stop corruption in the elections
He emphasised that'it is only when you vote with a computer that you can vote for something.
He said that he does not know about the 2019 election result.
In the same way, the BBC also asked a renowned computer worker, Emeka Unachukwu what is'server'?
Unachukwu said that 'Server' is a computer that connects other types of computers with different types of messages.
He said that Inec could say that they don't have server' because they have another company that they were caught with text messages but it is not true that they don't have serve where there is text messages.
He said that the Internet has its own server where many people keep their messages.
Unachukwu said that 'Inec won't say they don't know how much because they have a source of data.
They may call this a 'data base', but what it takes is because the computer connects others with ones that can drag or send back'
He said it is difficult for Inec to be that they don't have serve.
They are inviting people to come and carry their PVC ready for election.
Unachukwu said that even if a ballot was taken from his hand and he was taken to his place, that the Inec would place it in the Server.
But they can say that they have not added the 2019 result to the Server which shows that they have not completed their project.
An interesting story
How to avoid HIV infection
Is there borrowing bribe in Nigeria's leadership?
Paying salary two months in ten months is insufficient - Abia Lecturers
Watch our video
World Blood Donor Day 2019: People are thinking of giving blood
As today is the time for BBC Igbo people to ask what they know about blood
Today, blood is being remembered for World Blood Donor Day 2019
Igbo BBC Ask people what they know about blood and what kind of hate they say about it
Listen to them
Diet and Dementia: How to use chocolate and vegetables to dismissbrain problems
read this article and find out how to use good food to strengthen and strengthen your feathers
Fruit and vegetables are designed to resemble the brain.
Learn about nutrition that regulates the brain and gives you life and health.
Do you know seven foods that can help you to pursue behaviour problems?
Fifty-five billion people worldwide around the world are affected by Lydia disease, which causes extreme memory loss and study problems, as well as up to ten billion people each year from this disease (WHO).
Though noting that it has been observed that erimeri was involved in the singing process, but there is no knowledge and support.
Red wine, coffee, and Chocolate and Champagne have become popular as miraculous food for mental and emotional problems.
But, is there any truth in these words?
Let's read what Sheila Dillon a BBC worker observed when she interviewed scholars concerning the matter.
As you will find, these foods help for the good of your brain:
Food from water
Good proteins, small amounts of fats and also rich in omega Fatty Acids.
Eating fish regularly or more in the week helps the brain
Vine fruit and other similar fruits
Take the grapefruit and visit the Brain with you
Seeds such as 'Strawberries' and 'blueberries' contain something that prevents the birth of brains.
Spices and nuts are different
Eyewitnesses in different parts of the body are both healthy and healthy in the brain
Anyone who eats 30mg of different coconuts, corn, rice, red rice, millet corn, oats and also eats proteins,minerlas and fiber will find it safer in the rich brain.
The fight
Famine gives blood and nutrients to the brain
Who said that the plant and other vegetables address the brain, the person knows what he is saying?
William B.
vitamine B : taken for granted
How many people are thankful for bipolar disorder given to William B affected by genuine recovery of the brain
Do you drink cocoa juice?
Let's commend the olden olden olden olden olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde olde
Cocoyam is good for the muscles-communicative and processing of seed-flashes.
But remember that you are drinking cocoa juice that contains spices.
Lebekee
You can get all the earth's babies all around
What contributed to the popularity of the English spear worldwide is because it helps for it is healthy in the brain
Now, are you awake?
All these foods are not available to you and there are other foods that you can change which you do not find in your food
And remember, these foods are not designed for your brain, they prepare your body and make you stable!
This article is a letter reversal of 'Diet and Dementia', a special edition of the BBC's The Food Programme.
Mikel Obi: what did I come to do without taking up the AFCON Cup?
The Super Eagles football team's leader has said that they came to win in Iko AFCON 2019.
Mikel Obi
President of the Nigerian Football Federation - Mikel Obi
Mikel Obi who will lead the Super Eagles team of Nigeria to the country of Egypt for the African cup of nations called AFCON 2019 has said that he is not going to play because he wins and wins the AFCON cup.
it is six years since Mikel Obi touched the African cup of nations.
This is when Nigeria won in South Africa
Mikel will not be competing in Poland
Mikel is not happy
Mikel Obi's father has been rescued from other kidnappers
The second time Mikel won in Africa in 2006 and 2010 was when Super Eagles won the third round.
In this AFCON season, Mikel will lead the young men with hot blood and spat on this year's scratch in Egypt.
Mikel said: 'Though the Eagles today are not talented in meeting other African nations like her, the competition will give such people as Samuel (chukwueze) and Paul (Onuachu) the opportunity to demonstrate their talents.
I hope we are going to kick and drop the eagle back.
Super Eagles team
He also said that he is excited about the efforts of the Super Eagles despite their failure in the world cup.
Mikel believes that the competition will be hard but he believes that the support of the Super Eagles will help them overcome the competition.
Remember that Mikel Obi played first for Nigeria in 2005 when Super Eagles met with Libya national team
Mikel said that in this competition, he might be the last in Super Eagles uniform.
He said; 'every time I will try to keep it alive.'
Ukraine and U20 world cup: South Korea has taken the lead in the U20 world cup
Ukraine has defeated South Korea with the top three goals of the youth world cup.
Ukraine vs South Korea
Ukraine's football team has won three goals to one against South Korea and the world cup of under 20 years in Poland today, Saturday.
This win came after South Koreans scored penalty in the morning which was a five-minute match against Lee Kang-in.
Flying Eagles have decamped
Nigeria has decamped to the AFCON U20 competition
But Ukraine told South Korea that they did not play a month after Vladyslav Supriaga scored a goal in 34 minutes.
Vladyslav Supriaga said that in the fifty-three minutes when he scored his second goal in South Korea, he did not really eat badly in the morning.
The Koreans played many games but Ukraine told them that it was not long my child had reached three goals against Giorgi Tsitaishvili in eighty-nine minutes.
This is the case with South Korea
South Korea was swallowed when the horns fell at the end of it
This is the first time Ukraine is defeating the world cup as England defeated it two years ago
An interesting story
What did I come to do and not take up the AFCON cup' - Mikel Obi
Court of Appeal has lifted Chimaroke up to the top and I want to clean up' women do not want to torture.
They want them to make good clothes
Igbo women dress well at all times.
Igbo women are looking for men to fight
Whatever a man is involved in it, an Igbo woman will support it.
They want to get involved in work at all times, they don't want to stay quiet.
Everything a woman finds to do, she will do well for her.
An interesting story
INEC agrees on card reader
China has declared him president till death
Rwanda: church members have been killed by prediction
Dapchi children: The fight has collapsed between Buhari and Jonathan
The clash has failed between Buhari and Jonathan's people over the kidnap of Dapchi students in northern Nigeria
Buhari embarked on a tour of distressed towns in Nigeria which includes Taraba, Plateau, Benue before going to Yobe.
The president Mohammed Buhari said that it is better for the former president, Goodluck Jonathan, to look into the kidnapping of students
He said this yesterday when he made a visit to Dapchi of Yobe state, where the children were kidnapped last month
He condemned the reign of Jonathan and the disregard for the Chibok students when they were kidnapped in 2014, and said that it was unreasonable.
Some of these students were kidnapped
But Buhari's statement has brought answers from a lot of people.
The spokesman of the British Back Our Girls group, Sesugh Akume has said that the president has not tried
Akum said, 'We are not happy, these are four years of Chibok children's kidnap, now it has happened in Dapchi as Buhari's administration is committing the same mistake that Jonathan did in his own time.
The children have been kidnapped for a month, but now the government is going there.
Not all the lies they said, they have rescued Dapchi's children
The president has told Dapchi's parents that he will deliver the kidnapped children
Jonathan's special assistant, Reno Omokiri said that Buhari's son, Yusuf Buhari was more suspicious than Dapchi's children
He said that when Chibok children were kidnapped, Jonathan called for a security meeting, where Buhari canceled the security meeting during the kidnap of Dapchi children.
He also said that in the time of Yusuf Buhari's tragic accident that Buhari canceled all the travels, and he went to visit his child in the hospital.
An interesting story
Dapchi students' parents captured Abuja
Another person who expressed his opinion was Femi Fani-Koyede in his Tuweet;
Jonathan's spokesman, Reuben Abati said his own on Twitter;
Other Nigerians said the mind on Twitter
Is it a tradition that will end in Igbo land?
A baby is born, is visited with fish, with hot water, sound and whip. That is what is called birth.
A baby with its mother
Education is an Igbo culture that started in the olden days and is still happening
A meeting in Igbo culture is a time when a mother comes to visit her daughter and her child.
Sometimes, if a woman has no mother anymore (If her parents have died), the wife of her father or the mother of her husband will come to her home and treat her.
Five things that interest women
Women have not groomed in new form
the value of a woman is not the kitchen
The reason why she is a woman who is watching for birth rather than a man, is that she is being assumed to be the woman who knows the most about her because she has gone through the situation herself.
Getting birth is a time when a mother teaches her daughter everything she knows about caring for a newborn baby.
Sometimes, when the mother of a child is home, the mother of her husband begins to look at her.
A mother who gives birth to a baby is taking advantage of the opportunities for healthy birth while her mother is taking care of her baby.
What a mother does in childbirth
A mother will give her daughter something that will make her milk flow
The mother will be preparing foods that will make her healthy
The mother will warm her in the womb and other places she wants, and also tear her (robb, aboniki)
The mother will feed the baby, wash the clothes and wash the body
It will also attract the baby, and touch it properly
She will ensure that her baby is sitting on the bucket in addition to hot water and salt and antibiotics, which will enable harmful blood
She will be feeding it so that she can and will be healthy before pregnancy.
A mother will encourage her daughter because she and she are in the first position
She will also take care of other household chores such as planning and cooking for the family.
The value of training
Education is a time for the mother, her baby and her baby to develop a good relationship called 'bonding' because of this many mothers use wherever their baby is born, whether at home or abroad, to spend up to three months or more together.
She will instruct her daughter what her child is and what it means, whether a leopard or a torture stalk.
food that is supposed to be eaten
The pregnant woman has foods she consists of; some are in order to empty her blood during pregnancy. These foods are both root and potatoes.
Ground juice
hold hot water
Sophia
Drinking water
hot tea and cassava
Fake food
Boxer and soccer
Chicken
Both faces
Uzzah
Flour
Every food will have genuine pepper
It is said that sounds prevent pregnancy and other diseases like agnostics
Woman's food should not be eaten at home
It was too cold
Music, harvester and soup are all made of oil
peanuts
Every food has a fat (woman does not eat it because it is given in the womb or in the body)
An interesting story
Is the bride's price important today?
Have you ever seen a woman brazen like a man?
Five things that interest women
What is your objective for clamoring?
Study conclusion
Exhausted, the midwife will get a lot.
Those he visited would buy him gifts such as money, information clothes, shoes, bags, different foods, and then go on.
bags of salt and bags of soap will be bought for him to share with his neighbours on his way home.
The women of Ozubulu have made a demonstration
The news stated that the women of Ozubulu dressed as the lawyers went to the police headquarters in Amawbia to request a covering.
Armed persons attacked members of St. Phillips last year
The women of Ozubulu who are under Ekwusigo in Anambra state went to the police station in Amawbia to request the covering of the night.
They did this for prosecution among those who thought they were attacking the church in their country on the 6th August last year.
They said that the people are threatening their lives and that is why they are looking for conviction against those who have been assaulted by them in court.
They took a big note-which wrote 'we want to be fair' and 'we want police coverage in court'.
What a witness said about the murder of Ozubulu
Anambra police spokesman, Nkiruka Nwode told Igbo BBC that what these women need is for peace to take place in their town.
Nwode said that the women who were doing this appealed to the police as they were preparing to go to court for the arrest in their town.
The commissioner of police in Anambra State, Garba Baba Umaru sustained the women and told them to go on.
Umaru told the women that'since I am here, there is nothing going to happen to you, I will make sure you get enough justice'.
What happened in Ozubulu
Armed persons went to St Phillips Catholic church and shot people while they were churchgoers
The attack claimed the lives of 11 people on the morning of August 6 2017
The news stated that it was a conflict between two people in South Africa that caused this
This led to the investigation of the Nigerian and South African police.
Those accused of becoming guilty of the case were: Onyebuchi Mbanefo, 46, Chukwudi Ugwu, 30 and Great Chinedu Akpunonu, 44
The case is still in court where witnesses come out on a regular basis
An interesting story
Naiershade market has been set ablaze
The benefits of training are in Igbo culture
Two Nigerian soldiers have been killed in Plateau
The words of the people telling me about singleness hurt me
In Igbo, a girl who is not married for thirty years is facing various challenges and challenges.
girls are complaining with a woman
Unmarried women are being mistreated
Nkiru (we did not include his father's name as we promised him) has been working as a receptionist for over 30 years in Lagos but has not been married.
Nkiru told the BBC journalist that his condition was causing him insults, oppression, discrimination and cruelty among his family and others.
The last time I went home, our householders told me that I had returned home once it took that I had no man with my hand.
He also lamented that his uncle (the deceased) is not giving him and his sister due rodents because they are not yet married.
Listen to what Nkiru said:
Our householders asked me if I should return home again but I did not see a husband'
In Igbo, marriage is a requirement for a mature elder
According to a study conducted in 2013 by National Demographic and Health Survey, in Nigeria, women aged 15 to 19 were 28 percent married, whereas women aged 35 to 39 were 89.4.
The benefits of training are in Igbo culture
Will this process stop in Igbo land?
This implies that marriage is an ethnic culture in Nigeria.
But if a woman is old enough to get married but is not married, especially in the Eastern part of Nigeria, she is being watched down, being molested to some, being touched by what they have produced in life.
Ghin and cause it?
As sociologists have explained, the root cause of unmarried women's oppression or persecution is tradition and poor understanding.
In his speech, Dr Adedeji Oyenuga who is a professor of sociology at the Lagos State University, explained that it is a tradition and that some parents see their child's absence as a sign of inadequate parenting.
It is based on tradition. There are times when a child is focusing on his parents, but when a child grows old and he is separated, a man is expected to marry and a woman is expected to marry. if he does not, especially if he is a woman, his parents will take him as if they have failed in rearing him.
Dr Nkechi Emma-Echiegu who is a lecturer in Ebonyi State University also said that it is a culture.
In Igbo, it is the question of who is born, who is marrying.
She further stated that it is a bad tradition that a girl is being insulted or oppressed for not getting married.
Listen to what he said in grief
Why not get married early:
Dr. Adedeji Oyenuga said that the cause of early singleness is a woman's high schooling which can cause men to go for marriage to frighen her.
Again is that women are more numerous than men. He also said that men are more likely to leave their birthplace than women are, so that getting married to an adult is harmful.
The cause of persecution of a young woman who has not been married
According to Professor Oyenuga, too much violence against unmarried women is linked to such things as excessive drinking, smoking, severe deaths and extreme stresses called 'depression', which can lead to severe deaths, injection.
Echiegu said that it can bear various tragedies including much thought, misconduct, misconduct, loss of marriage, loss and intense death.
They said that having insight will help you stop the bad culture that makes a single woman to be seen as unworthy.
In Oklahoma, a woman will go to jail for marrying her child
A mother has been sentenced to two years in prison for marrying her daughter in Oklahoma, America
Patricia Ann Spann with her child,Misty Dawn Spann
The woman used to marry her son
Patricia Ann Spann, aged 45, admitted to have married and had relationships with her 26-year-old daughter, Misty Velvetn Dawn Spann.
The woman was taken with her children and they came together again in 2014
They got married when it was lawful to marry a woman or a man in the area.
Researchers found that Patricia Ann Spann had first married her son when he was 18 years old, while a captured boy destroyed the union in 2010
An interesting story
A former Catholic priest has filed a petition
Our householders asked me if I should return home again but I did not see a husband'
Dangote's son has been married in Canada
It was the visitation department that observed about the woman and her child when they visited their home.
According to the newspaper, Misty Spann destroyed her relationship with her mother in October last year after she argued that her mother had deceived her into that relationship.
Misty Spann said that her mother lied to her that she and the three lawyers who gave her advice went on and there was no straw in the ring.
Patricia Ann Spann said that she agreed that their collaboration was not illegal because her name was not included in her daughter's birthright as her mother where they met each other two years before they collaborated.
Misty Spann admits that she violated the law against blood relationship. She was given ten years for investigation and visits to a psychological practitioner.
While her mother, Patricia will put on an examination of eight years in jail, her name will be placed in jail as a molester if she is released.
According to the law in Oklahoma Province, taking one's blood is an abuse of blood on whether they have or not have any contact with the person.
Igbo food: what you do not know about breadfruit you eat
Cough is one of the most important foods in Igbo land, it is also one of the Igbos.
The cave
The crocodile is left to rot before collecting its fruit
Many Igbos know that they do not know how to make cows before they become foods.
The crocodile has a tree that produces much of the English called 'breadfruit' and its fruits are vegetable, whereas the grain in it produces what we call praise.
The crop, it collapsed from its stake, was allowed to deteriorate before it was broken and the crop was extracted. Thus, the Igbos say that 'every time it collapsed'
Before breadfruit is eaten, it will go through different roads as:
How to prepare it
Opened open
Or to see it in the fire
cooking store
The cave
Oil
Some also add onions, maggies and salad
Some place a boxer on the back while some place vegetables
Some also add grain
Some also put bars
Plague until it collapses
How to prepare it
these things you will do before preparing your fever:
Wash your clothes thoroughly to ensure that there is no boil or stone rodent in them.
Put it in a pressed pot called 'pressure pot' and add water to it that will cover it well
Some put a thickener or a seal to make it dry and dry
If it is dried and it contains water in it, add dried pepper, oil and salt
Allow it to mix with the food items you put in it
Pull it around and then let it be in the fire to write down.
The chicken is one of the delicious foods you will eat if you add or not
How to prepare it
When it comes to some towns like Urualla in Imo state, they do not evacuate their raining water. They drink its water separately and consume their water separately.
Some do not put food oil in their chopsticks, while some leave chopsticks in their chopsticks which is that they carry them to water.
Fried cocoyam, cocoyam, cocoyam, cocoyam, cocoyam, cocoyam, cocoyam, cocoyam, cocoyam, cocoyam, cocoyam, cocoyam, cocoyam, cocoyam, cocoyam, cocoyam, and cocoyam.
Many people cheat with leopards.
How to store clothes
It is being raised to call before being put in a bag for those who will buy it to go to the overseas.
Before cooking, put it in water from night to dawn in the morning. this will enable it to write well and readily when preparing it.
what it gives to the body
Research by scientists revealed that the earth has many positive elements, such as riboflavin, iron, niacin, thiamin, iron and fosforus. It also contains potassim, copper, iron, magnitude, calcium, zinc, manganaezi, selenim and fosforus and vitamin C.
It is good for the human soul. Some use the leaf to wash their heads because it destroys the pearls of the pearls called dandruff, and stop the hair loss.
It also contains insignificant insects called saturated fats, colesterals and sodium.
Some drink different chickens whereas some consume them in their water
other things you do not know
Cough is added to some of the oils to make it delicious (flavour)
Thickener is used in washing of flour
oil is also being extracted from it
An interesting story
She is calling out in Enugu for Fayose's visit there
We will take government to court - ICSC
The benefits of training are in Igbo culture
Death and headaches have sacked people
A former resident of the trash and a doctor said that such a place produces various diseases.
Where they dispose of straw
Eyelashes from these trash dumpers cause much disease
Those coming to parts of Ikosi, Isheri or Ketu in Lagos state are abhorrently drinking from government areas to dispose of Olososun plants known as Ojota.
Enugu state has this on the open road from Enugu to Port Harcourt.
There is so much headache in these areas that in Lagos, some of the residents have evacuated because of extreme headaches.
In Lagos, the news stated that one child died because he could not breathe because the sun was filled.
For this, Lagos Governor Akinwunmi Ambode has shut down the dump site.
Government and communities slaughter grasshoppers at all times
what people are saying
But that is so much still and people live here.
BBC Igbo called a man who called Samuel Osaze here on phone.
He said the outbreak of the pollen is the cause of much disease.
The pollution comes out because the government is always burning here. yesterday when I use the highways to travel to my home, the grassy grassy grassy grassy grassy grassy grassy grassy grassy grassy grassy grassy grassy grassy grassy grassy grassy grassy grassy grassy grassy grassy grassy grassy grassy grassy grassy grassy grassy grassy grassy grassy grassy grassy grassy grassy grassy grassy grassy grassy grassy grassy grassy grassy grass.
In 2013 the Lagos Waste Management Agency LAWMA said that Lagos weeds reached 13,000 tone
A medical practitioner, Dr. Ikechukwu Mgbolu said that mosquitoes from where weeds are thrown cause diseases such as cholera, Taifield, malaria, and Nigeria fiva.
He also said that people with speech disease (asthma) are not able to live near such a place.
Mgbolu said: 'A giant smoke contracting high blood pressure known as 'upper respiratory infection' is due to dangerous carbon monoside in the sun'
Osaze said that the headache is no longer tolerable between the March and the total number of years for this period of rainy season.
People who live in Lagos waste vegetation every time on the road in Lagos
Osaze said, 'There are not civilised communities that are now heading for garbage dumping because they are aware that such conduct is causing much disease.
Government should buy incinerator with fuel for bush fires.
Governor Ambode has said that weeds will not be thrown away there again because of the various diseases it infects.
It is up to the rest of the state to say what to do while disposing of straw in the midst of their communities.
An interesting story
Buhari's means of canceling Rwanda's journey
Are these banks robbing Nigerians?
A moving Uber car killed someone in America
A Uber driver has killed a woman in Tempe city in Arizona, in America
Uber
Uber company has expressed regret over the woman they killed
Uber stakeholders in the automotive industry have said that they have stopped driving their vehicle after they hit a 49-year-old woman crossing the road in Tempe in Arizona.
According to the report, the tragic event caused the Uber company to stop the self-driving examination which they started.
Uber chairman, Dara Khosrowshahi said on Twitter that the death was a 'breaking heart'
We are thinking of the families affected by the tragedy and we are interacting with the community to see how things happened.
This accident is not enough for Uber to be affected, it will affect efforts to construct a self-sustaining vehicle for survival.
An interesting story
We will take government to court - ICSC
Are these banks robbing Nigerians?
Putin will rule Russia for another six years
But if they pay the price of a currency fluctuation, it will enable many of the bills added in Nigeria.
In recent years, Nigeria has had a financial crisis as its economy has failed as a result of the decline of fuel prices in the international market.
It is in this situation that, as Uwaleke said, it would not be fitting for Nigeria to adhere to the status granted by IMF.
Uwaleke said that if Nigeria has it now, that it will be sick for her to pay her debt overseas because it will be very costly for her
An interesting story
What is Nigeria deriving from CHOGM?
Did Nigerians not attend meeting in America?
The police has blocked Dino Melaye's house
World Cancer Day: How I got cancer treatment - Winner of breast cancer
Gloria Orji a Igbo woman who wins cancer and is healthy, she says where she wins cancer, another person will fight cancer
Cancer is a disease that threatens the whole world for its killing of people
Worse still is he who wants treatment but there has not been any medication available that is his treatment.
The 2019 breast cancer commemoration theme is 'I am able and able' which means that we all have the capacity to attack cancer.
But Ms. Gloria who was diagnosed with breast cancer in 2010, underwent surgery, kimo and all the other things that led to her victory were sickness.
In his words, 'Kasa is not a death sentence', and now, it is interfering in the issue of women with cancer.
He told BBC Igbo how he defeated him is a world threatening disease.
Bill Cosby has been convicted of women's assault
Bill Cosby can jail up to 30 people for raping a woman
Bill Cosby
Bill Cosby is well known as a comedian
The court in America has ruled that Bill Cosby was convicted of three charges against him as a rapist.
It was Andrea Constand who was a former basketball player in charge of cosby in court until 2004
Bring out Nnamdi Kanu's day of trial
The court has ordered the arrest of Innoson
Cosby who is 80 years of age, is still denying the allegation, but he may be jailed by conviction for thirty years.
This is the second time cosby is defending himself in court for women's kidnap.
Bill Cosby is a celebrity in a video called 'The Cosby Show'.
Many women are still accusing cosby of rape but cosby said that they are all false.
An interesting story
MasSOB-Ebere Buhari is doing needlessly
See the variety of foods produced from cassava root.
Codeine, album
Codeine, album album'is the story of how much the use of cough drug is claiming the lives of young Nigerians in debauchery which was investigated by BBC.
Codeine, album'is the story of how much smoke of cough drug is destroying the lives of young Nigerians.
The BBC reporters carried out a secret investigation on how drug producers and sellers were selling drugs to children in a way that breached the Nigerian law.
Codeine nakedness: Emzor has sacked workers
Emzor Pharmaceuticals has dismissed one of their colleagues for reporting, Codeine Orthopedicals' by BBC
A boy is taking cough drug,copdeine
Reports say politicians share drugs for youths as gifts.
The Nigerian pharmaceutical industry is, Emzor Pharmaceuticals, has sacked one worker, and both have resigned as a result of their illegal trafficking in codeine cough, as the BBC's investigative report has shown the cough has destroyed the lives of Nigerian youths.
Emzor sacked one of their clients who sold drugs to BBC journalist, Emzolyn syrup.
They said this on social media after BBC released a video on Monday, 30th April.
In the video about a minuite, a drug dealer was shown which includes one Emzor worker using the family route to sell tuberculosis to people.
The viewers were angry and angry with the video which was displayed in Lagos yesterday
One said that politicians are putting oil in the fire in Kano as he said they are giving the drugs to the youths.
But the Emzor office has denied the misappropriation of drugs.
They also said that they have stopped Emzolyn's Codeine sale until they conclude investigation on allegedly selling their cough drug illegally.
Emzor had stopped one of their customers and later sacked him from work.
Emzor Pharmaceuticals is a company that honors itself and honors itself
They have more than 120 drug licenses including Emzolyn Codeine by NAFDAC.
They went on to say: Emzolyn Codeine's distribution has stopped when detailed investigations are completed.
In a conversation with the BBC with the Director-General of thepharmacists in Nigeria and the Eastern Region, J.C Okafor said there is a law protecting the distribution of codeine cough drug, and if any agency finds that it is being misappropriated, it will be banned.
Okafor said, We have a plan on how to distribute coughing drugs containing codeine in Nigeria which made it impossible for a person to buy without a doctor.
Every established company that breached the order, we are shut down.
Nigerian shoplifting is blaming Emzor for their involvement in the problem of coughing among the young.
One person asked the company: So, if the BBC does not reveal the findings, would your company not do anything to stop the abuse of this drug among the youths?
Is it that your workers do not know what to do?
Another person, Mairo Mandara, called for government to ban the sale of cough drug containing codeine.
Codeine: NAFDAC has attacked four companies and blocked many drugs
NAFDAC said that they will try to stop all organizations that promote codeine abuse in Nigeria
NAFDAC staff
All the while NAFDAC is attacking the pharmaceutical industry in Nigeria
The Nigerian Food and Drug Safety Corps called NAFDAC has attacked four pharmaceutical companies in Lagos, Ilorin and Kano.
The attack, following the BBC investigation, showed how people spoil cough containing codeine.
NAFDAC stated that the attack, showed that the companies are still producing codeine cough more than the majority of the country's law permits them to produce.
Mmachi Codeine: Does Dextromethorphan go to the ground?
Government has banned codeine
Codeine nakedness: Emzor has sacked workers
The wife of the president has cried out about codeine
Chairman of NAFDAC, Mojisola Adeyeye, told journalists that now, they are investigating the role of the four BBC agencies in their viral video.
In his words: 'We have confiscated a lot of codeine containing drugs in the medicinal industry in Ilorin.
The agency of Bioraj Pharmaceuticalals said that they have violently dismissed their employer, Junaid Hassan, and Emzor said that they have dismissed their employer, Chukwunonye Madubuike.
Both appeared on BBC video as hand sellers of codeine
But stakeholders are saying that the government should punish the stakeholders more than the investigation is done.
The news that will interest you:
Four ways the journalists are hard on the job.
Court has refused to release Dino Melaye till June 11
Buhari has shut down Nigeria from his US journey
The Nigerian president, Muhammadu Buhari has shut down Nigeria from the United States after he stopped in London.
Muhammadu Buhari
Buhari and Trump fought against terrorists
The Nigerian president, Muhammadu Buhari has traveled to the United States to visit the Nigerian president Donald Trump.
The airline was hit by the president's airport of Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, Abuja at 10pm.
Some government officials went to welcome him.
The spokesman of the president Femi Adesina told the newsmen this after the plane collapsed
President Buhari will go to America tomorrow
See what Buhari and Trump discussed
Four ways that Buhari is like Trump
Buhari who left Washington DC on Tuesday after a meeting with Trump ended in London.
A prominent spokesman for the president on media, Garba Shehu, was accused of accidental suspension of an airline inspection said it was because the major speed of the head of transportation is still beyond repair.
He also said that Buhari used a low-speed bullet to travel a long way, which caused him to stop in Britain
Shehu said the suspension was for putting oil in his plane and checking the bottle before receiving Nigeria.
He said that there is nothing desirable to stop because the president is receiving from Nigeria
But see what people are saying on soshal media:
An interesting story
Only Others will admit that Buhari has done well
NAFDAC has attacked four companies for codeine
Do you know that killing someone who wants to die is wrong in Nigeria?
President Buhari has traveled to London again for a health tour
President Muhammadu Buhari is going to see his doctor who asked him to come for his visit and treatment.
Buhari
It had not been a week before Buhari came from the United States when he had a meeting with Donald Trump.
President Muhammadu Buhari will leave today to London where he is receiving treatment for his illness
The letter of the president's spokesman Garba Shehu said that the president will stay for four days during the visit.
He said that when the president visited London for repair and filling his plane with oil when he returned from the United States, he had a meeting with his doctor.
Buhari has shut down Nigeria from his US journey
Buhari will travel to work in UK today
Why did Buhari come to Lagos?
He said that his doctor told him to return and the president promised him that he would come.
The president will return on Saturday, May 12th.
Shehu said that when he returns, he will visit Jigawa State, a trip adjourned for the APC meeting.
The trip will then be held on Monday 14 and Tuesday 15 this month being May.
Remember that the president is receiving treatment in London but does not tell Nigeria the name of what is suffering from him
An interesting story
Lagos: 2131 pregnant women are HIV positive
45 corpses have been found in Gwaska
The Igbos will not fight another independent war
Sweet sweet codeine: Nafdac has shutdown three companies that work codeine
Nafdac has shutdown the agency of Bioraj, Peace and Emzor for the unequivocal distribution of cough drug containing codeine.
Codeine, album
Many youths suffer from asthma and various diseases as a result of obesity to tuberculosis
The food management and pharmaceutical industry of Nafdac has shutdown three hospitals; Bioraj Pharmaceutical Limited, Emzor Pharmaceuticalals Ind.
Ltd and Peace Standard Pharmaceutical Limited are partners in the illegal trade of cough drug containing codeine.
The BBC released a report that followed their secret investigation which revealed how the three companies used their backyards to sell the prescribed drugs while selling only the time the doctor gave birth, to the youths that were disturbed.
Codeine, tomato
Codeine nakedness: Emzor has sacked workers
Government has banned codeine
In a letter issued by the President of Nafdac Mosesola Adeyeye, the closure followed the investigation they made as they did in the agencies.
In view of the lack of sufficient evidence in an attempt to prevent the production of timely documents we conducted our inspection on the 2 of May, at their facilities in Illinois and Lagos, there was a need to shut down the three-storey industries – Peace Standard Pharmaceutical Limited ; Bioraj Pharmaceutical Limited and Emzor Pharmaceutical Ind Ltd.
This is to give the opportunity for detailed discovery.
Nafdac is doing the following investigations for the BBC's discovery of the drugs