Interesting stories
Joseph Achuzie, Dike Biafra has died
Dapchi: Government has not defeated Boko Haram - Massob
Tottenham is waiting for FA trophy in Rochadale's victory
Son Heung-min, Fernando Llorente and Kyle Walter-Peters of Tottenham were the suspects of Rochadale in the yesterday's competition.
Son Heung-min who was Tottenham player and his team were happy when he scored a goal in the FA Cup.
Tottenham has won the FA Cup for eight times
In sports, the Tottenham team defeated Rochadale with six goals to one in FA
This win means that Tottenham and Swansea will play a Quarter Final match in FA Cup which will be played on 17th of March.
Son Heung-min scored first and fifth goals. Fernando Llorente scored three goals in the 12th minuite in the second round, while Kyle Walter-Peters scored first goal.
Son Heung-min stopped Rochadale team football
what will happen next?
Tottenham will go to Wembley stadium on the 3rd of March. They will play a Premier League match with Huddersfield before they will play their own match with Juventus in the Champions League Cup on the 7th of March.
Rochdale's team had 16 competitions to defeat them in the one league.
The first match they will play at Plymouth within three days of March.
Interesting stories
Guardiola has lifted his trophy in England
Champions League: Neymar is defeated
Inspector-General of Police: Create buildings before you cancell their re-run.
The police has beckoned on the governors to open canteen before they cancellation of canteen in their states.
Ibrahim Idris
The commissioner of police Ibrahim Idris has beckoned on the state to develop cattle for cattle training before cattle rearing is stopped.
The commissioner of police said this yesterday when the council of security affected, he said that it will help to escape issues and adaptations between farmers and cattle rearers.
He went on to say that the problem in Benue is because the state government has not established a cattlefield before they cancelled the cattle rearing.
In the summit with theme, 'Prioritising the country: Security and need to find a proper way to end it', a clash between farmers and cattle rearers during the presidential era, Muhammdu Buhari.
Idris said: 'In my view, to reduce crisis between farmers and cattle rearers, state governments will try to determine where cattle production is done in their states before passing the law against cattle rearing.
Interesting stories
Market has burnt in Alaba International
For Achuzia, we will see that Biafra is completed.
In Imo state, the zoo has a lot of bush meat
There are many wild animals in Imo state that have different wild animals.
There are many animals in their community in Imo state
These animals were also brought home properly so that they could be well.
Timothy's son George Weah has started playing for PSG
Timothy Weah has gone to PSG where his father George Weah was a good musician from 1992 to 1995.
Timothy Weah
will Timothy Weah do well as his father as people think?
The Liberian president George Weah named Timothy Weah has started playing for PSG club, where his father previously played for him
Timothy came out yesterday after PSG and Troyes played a match.
As Neymar and Kylian Mbappe were not on the run because of their injury, Angel di Maria and Christopher Nkunku who gave PSG goal were winning in this competition.
Neymar and Mbappe outside of him gave Weah a chance to play in this tournament.
George Weah scored 55 goals during his PSG round
Timothy's mother, George Weah, played for PSG before last 23 years, before going AC Milan.
PSG has 10 competitions ahead, of which they suppose to score 17 points if they win the French League Cup this year.
They will meet with Real Madrid on Tuesday in their second Champions League round. In the first round, Real Madrid defeated them with 3-1
The player Neymar will not be competing again this season because he was injured.
Interesting stories
A man has killed his children in Awada.
One man has killed his children in Abuja
The fears of Fulani herdsmen have caught many
Charly Boy has said that he wants special youths for Nigerian leadership
Charles Oputa the well known 'Charly Boy' actor expressed his anger towards the Nigerian system of governance.
A well known person as the Eze of Nigeria's youths Charly Boy said that he is not happy about the state of Nigeria
When the Igbo BBC interviewed him, he asked, 'Why did he become the wicked ruler of Nigeria?
Charly Boy said that he is looking for the special youths he will prepare for to take over the leadership in Nigeria.
I have been embarrassed for last thirty-five years that the finding of Nigeria would be for the special youths,' Charly Boy said.
Oscars 2018: Kobe Bryant is among the winners
American basketball player Kobe Bryant has been married to winners of the election.
Kobe Bryant, well known American footballer
Special defeat – Kobe Bryant has won.
Amazingly, Kobe Bryant who is well known as the American basketball player has won the election for the Oscars video.
He made this known for a short video of a short video.
See other dignitaries at the Oscars this morning.
The winners:
The Shape of Water got the award of 'Best picture'.
Frances McDormand Receives 'Best Actress' For Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
The winner of the 'Best actor' is Gary Oldman for the Darkest Hour
Guillermo Del Toro Receives 'Best Director' For The Shape Of Water
Get Out by Jordan Peele received 'Best original screenplay'
Oscars 2018: what the players came out of the flight
The winner's event about him in Hollywood has happened
See the pictures of what people put out on red carpet
Danai Gurira for the movie Black Panther and Walking Dead showed a plot on his side.
The award of Academy Awards celebration as the 90th time of Oscars took place at night where people showcased their heroism.
See what the actresses came for the occasion
Daniel Kaluuya
Daniel Kaluuya is a British actor who made 'Get Out' among those known to be Oscar winner
Lupita Nyong'o
Lupita Nyong'o got the Oscars in 2012 for his 12 Years a Slave movie.
Jennifer Lawrence
Uwe Jennifer Lawrence who made the Hunger Games movie Oscar consideration
Andara Day
Andara Day is an American who sings and dances, painted on a red carpet and asked people to come and buy his clothes.
Oscars 2018: How he went
Black Panther is beautiful
Africa was portrayed during the Black Panther Festival.
Black Panther: what is your interest in this movie?
Tom Holland
Tom Holland made the movie Spider Man in good clothes and came to announce the winner
Chadwick Boseman
Chadwick Boseman is the king of Wakanda town's T'Calla in the movie Black Panther in Givenchy's uniform came for the Oscar
Ashley Judd
Ashley Judd who joined Time's Up campaign appeared on a red carpet.
Adam Rippon
Adam Rippon in the Olympic team called figure skating made people to wear him in shirt with a shirt made him like a member of the Fifty Shades Of Grey movie.
Salman Hayek
Halman Sayek wears red clothes
Darrell Britt-Gibson
Photographers have quizzed Darrell Britt-Gibson for the red carpet show of Three Billboards.
Whoopi Goldberg
Whoopi Goldberg's uniform was painted as a dragon.
Patrick Stewart
Sir Patrick Stewart made the movie X-men printed with Time's Up in his uniform to give photographers photos of impunity.
Sally Hawkins
Sally Hawkins, a British citizen among the names got award for the movie The Shape of Water she made photos of the photographers
Saoirse Roman
Saoirse Roman made the movie Lady Bird out of the red carpet Oscars after 10 years spent her first appearance in 2008 when she remained a 13-year-old boy
Meryl Streep
Meryl Streep has been named for 21 times to win Oscars since she started playing
Margot Robbie
Margot Robbie made Tonya's movie beautiful with the red carpet.
Tiffany Haddish
Tiffany Haddish sets African characteristics of Eritrean women in Ethiopian
All these photos have English titles of authority.
What other African countries have made Nigeria better in film
It has been trailed to the highest award in the world for the Oscars, African nations showing Nigeria hundred times.
Dismissal of the Oscars award
2018 is the 90th year for Oscars tournament in Hollywood
After the Oscars which was the most influential athletic in the world of film 2018, BBC Igbo checked and found that other African countries were better than Nigeria in terms of film.
Oscars 2018: In Africa and Nigeria
BBC found that despite that some movie producers in Nigeria are putting some Hollywooders in their films, it has not prevented them from getting any young man in Hollywood
Nollywood are the producers of films in Nigeria and other African parts have been popular with its name readers and other African countries have been popular with them.
Lupita Nyong'o a Kenyan who lives in America was awarded the 'best movie lady' in 2013
In the last few years, Nigeria was seen as a 'dike' in African film, but now it is like others have gone through them.
While Nollywood itself is the second highest number in the world of film production of more than 1000 films a year into a year, Hollywood produces less than that but it does not allow them to be the whole world waiting for them to be the best movie production.
But coming in Africa, Kenya and South Africa are showing Nigeria top for the Oscar consideration.
Headlines in South Africa
My problem is security and community economy.
How senators escape Nigeria's money
See the person he is in the senatorial seat
Nigerian youths have challenged Buhari for calling them 'humilians'
The Nigerian youths did not agree on what Buhari said that CHOGM is lazy
Muhammadu Buhari
Nigerians are saying that President Muhammadu Buhari often They are seen in overseas
People are still engaging in the talk about the'maturity' of the Nigerian president called the youths.
After going to London for the meeting of the national leaders under the Commonwealth called CHOGM, he stated that Nigerian youths are lazy
This he said did not surprise many Nigerians, which is why they did not show their anger on social media
Three statements which Buhari 'humiliated Nigeria with'
The youths are vexing for Buhari's statement
The president cannot insult Nigerians
Buhari's spokesman, Femi Adesina, said Nigerians did not understand what he said.
What Adesina said did not stop people from saying their intentions.
#LazyNigerianYouths are trending
Many of them went on to start showing their jobs, and said that they are not lazy though Nigeria is poor.
One white person joined him in the matter.
Some say how they defeated themselves in the school by their efforts
Some said that they will not support Buhari in 2019
A spokesman showed a person that has a duty to work with him
Who will be the new president in Commonwealth?
The leaders of Commonwealth are meeting to find out if Welsha is appointed to represent his mother as the chairman of the division.
The lady of Elizabeth
A England woman wants her son Charles to stop her from working
The leaders of Commonwealth are meeting to discuss whether to determine if Welsha is replaced by her mother as the leader who will succeed in 53 United States
On Tuesday, British Queen announced that her daughter Charles will rule the CHOGM in Buckingham Palace.
It is from his interest that his son Charles is chasing CHOGM for one day.
But this position is not what Ezenwa gives to her child or God that she is dead.
It is being expected that the leaders of Commonwealth will decide who will rule them if they live in Windsor Castle but there is no evidence that it will be announced during the meeting.
Is it that nobody else can contest Commonwealth?
BBC journalist James Landale said that the position was ongoing between Commonwealth leaders.
But, The president of South Africa Cyril Ramaphosa has canceled his mission at the meeting in London so as to know the cause of the attack on his country.
The attack was on going in South Africa as the protesters were saying that they were still given jobs, homes and sanitation.
What is the role of Commonwealth chairman?
The position of the British Queen is in it very important.
The ministry is coordinating fifty-three countries to ensure that Commonwealth's trademark is what comes into reality.
This includes the unification of these countries through trade and international cooperation.
An interesting story
Chimamanda said that there were anyone who attacked him
The president cannot insult Nigerians
Nigerian youths have challenged Buhari
The president of the agency visited the entire country at the same time, to strengthen the agreement.
It is the leaders of this group that are making decisions who will be their leader round
Prime Minister Theresa May and Prime Minister of Canada, Justin Trudeau have approved Charles as head of state.
What is CHOGM?
CHOGM is Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting
It is the meeting of the national leaders of Commonwealth, which is held every two years.
Those who do it are the leaders and the 13th Prime Ministers of the country and their families, spokespersonals and journalists
The yearly meeting took place in London, where the previous one was in 2015 in Valletta, Malta
The money spent in Imo will not sneak into our pockets- spokesperson to Rochas
Imo state government is saying that these tax plans are not supported by them, but they will use N10 million to support it.
Rochas Okorocha and the King of Ogoni, King Godwin Gininwa
The fight for Rochas Okorocha's administration will end in 2019
As the news states that the Imo state government has told all the elderly who are required to work with them to pay N3,000, the Imo state government says it does not allow them like the important money.
Ebere Iwuji the spokesman of the governor on media told the Igbo BBC over a phone call that the wage will be paid just a time
He also said that the funding would be used to support the various projects made by the people of Imo state.
Even though the news stated that it is six million naira to a community, Nzewuji said that there is no name of the money, because it is the people in the community that now need to pay this tax.
Nzewuji said, 'This is not going to be part of the government of Imo State, it is the various community divisions that are owned by the Community Government Council (CGC).
Nzewuji further stated that the Imo state government will use N10 million to support the borrowed communities, as they hope it will be used to boost the production industry and other items that the communities require.
It is expected that anybody who wants success will want to support it, especially those involved in development projects in the country,' Nzewuji said.
Nzewuji went on to explain that no nation can afford a month for this.
Listen to his explanation in detail here:
Other interesting stories
Why Nigerians gave one road in ten ways
The president cannot insult Nigerians
Tonight's top story: Buhari is Nigeria's father
Which party will decamp APC?
The 2019 elections were overlooking as some of the joint parties want to decamp APC from office in 2019.
Olusegun Obasanjo
Olusegun Obasanjo took office in 1999
Many members of the APC are also part of the ruling party under the leadership of Buhari and some are also part of the ruling party under the leadership of Buhari in 2019.
Reports indicate that many of the parties can step up participation in the forthcoming election to address any outbreak in the upcoming election.
those who joined in the ruling party were the following parties: the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), some leading members of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Social Democratic Party, who joined in the ruling party were the following parties:
also the Coalition for Nigeria Movement (CNM) of former Nigerian president, Olusegun Obasanjo.
The collaboration of Obasanjo has started
2019 election: Keyamo is Buhari's spokesman
Buhari: I will contest in 2019
APC took office in 2015
Former president in Nigeria, the military junta started recess including soldier T.Y Danjuma in support of the kidnap.
In the words of one of the suspects in the party, 'This is not likely as the APC exchange'.
We are not referring the INEC office as a change.
A new party that will give everyone the opportunity to express his soul.'
Up to nineth in the house of senate and up to nineth governors are preparing it
The PDP ruled Nigeria 16 years before the APC took them to power
On the other hand, the PDP party is still considering whether they will change their party names.
The chairman of the party Uche Secondus said that he is still considering the theme with his team
But people are saying that instead of a change of name, the PDP sets out different forms of right to resolve Nigeria and remove APC from office.
Interesting stories
About 3000 naira taxes in Imo state.
Those who receive treatment have arrested the health workers
Nigerian youths have challenged Buhari
Monkey Attacks Father's 'Ebube Monsour' Church
Criminals attacked a catholic church in Uke Anambra State and injured many and destroyed thirty vehicles.
Youths are fighting murder
Race is a cultural event known for the Igbos.
The protesters, 'The Way Iyi' in Uke, at Idemili Nọt local government in Anambra State attacked a catholic church gathering and destroyed more than 30 vehicles, injuring a lot of people, where one of their wicked persons was thought to have died on Saturday.
The President-General of the congregation of the church, Father Emmanuel Obimma, popularly known as 'Ebube Mursar' and other priests, and the titled women came there and escaped the youths who went to pray for God by their guests on Friday night early on Saturday morning.
The assistant to the investigation Francis Okoye told the BBC journalist over a phone call that the dead people attacked the church at about 8:00am and injured more than 30 vehicles
Aguleri and Igboukwu are not the beginning of Igbo.
One man has killed his children in Abuja
After the operation, we collapsed with three damaged vehicles.
They injured many of the people
There are many people who get well transported to the hospital.
We do not know whether he is alive or dead.
It is auspicious that the Uke youths commended the protest by the church because, when it was done 'the womb' when it ended at six o'clock in the evening when it was done by the church after eight o'clock in the evening.
They started buying cars that brought people to church, collecting their money and their phones.
Monkey destroyed many vehicles in that meeting
'Our security agencies tried to stop them from spoiling things but when we found out that things were getting away, we called the police.
They came and caught some of them.
The police in Anambra state said that the people of Uke were attacked by mmosunity but they said that nobody was killed
The spokesman of the state's police Nkiru Nwode told the BBC that 'we have arrested three people and we are investigating what happened there'
The news stated that this is not the first time the youths of the community are engaging in the visitors of this special catholic gathering which is held on Friday night collecting more than 20 parts of the week.
Eyewitnesses said that the youths in the community were disturbing drivers and churches from their money and also marrying some things.
Eventually, they punished Father Obimma's worker which made the impeachment to the police captured the youths and set aside them during a council war with elders.
It has been alleged that youths were constantly molesting the herdsmen and riddling the people
Interesting stories
Children up to 88 thousand can die from hunger
Benue: the policemen have killed 20 people
Which party will decamp APC?
Ezeife: The Igbos will ask Buhari again
Ezeife and some citizens have spoken that asking Igbo to support Buhari to win the position in 2023 is a misconduct issue.
Chukwuemeka Ezeife and some Igbo elders
Chukwuemeka Ezeife, the Igbo-Ukwu former governor of Anambra State is one of the spokemen of Igbo people in Nigeria
Some people in Igbo have said that the Igbo people will seek for president Buhari in the 2019 elections as they did in 2015.
They warned the Igbos to know that if they support President Buhari to attend another election in 2019 and the position of the president to reach the Igbos is a promise given to a woman, because it is an abomination issue.
In recent years, the APC members have asked the Igbos to vote for Buhari in 2019, while the Minister of Transportation, Rotimi Amaechi, the Secretary of the Federal Government, Boss Mustafa and the Head of the Voice of Nigeria, Osita Okechukwu to vote for Buhari in 2019, as soon as they came to 2023.
Gift the Igbos for president 2019 - Balarabe Musa
The Igbos are being killed as victims of war
but some people with seriousness stated that the issue was a 'nuisance' to get the Igbo votes, saying like Buhari applauded the Igbo for his suspension in 2015, that they would not be given in the 2019 elections.
In a conversation with The Sun, an former governor of Anambra state, Dr Chukwuemeka Ezeife said: 'It is not seen how it will be done.
I don't think we should ask people for presidency.
My reasoning is that we must pray for God, who knows that if an Igbo takes the post of president, the Fulani people will be happy, the Yoruba people will be happy, and the positive regions of Nigeria will be happy because we will restore the Nigerian economic situation while it will continue.
Thought for 2023 was a false matter, everyone was talking about it to fight Thegbo.
In the same way, former Ohanaeze Ndigbo chairman, Dozie Ikedife, said that the Ndigbo had vowed to become the president in the past.
He told The Sun broadcasting company: 'Igbo has made many of the same promises in the past time, and also our people are congested.
If somebody forbids you two or three times, it comes four, you should avoid thinking.
The land has killed someone
Ikedife went on to say: 'My need is this to follow law and dialogue for Biafra without discrimination or discrimination for anyone.'
Remember in 2015, many Igbos did not vote for Buhari and as such did not vote for those who gave 95 per cent support and those who gave him 5 per cent a bill, things many think he fulfilled from those who gave him leadership since he came to power.
Interesting stories
Monkey Attacks Catholic Church In Anambra
Children up to eighty- eighty thousand can die from hunger
Benue: the policemen have killed 20 people
A broken man has attacked a restaurant in America
The police are searching for a man who attacked the food dealers killed four people while four others injured.
Hospital where the incident happened
Police found guns to attack the building
The police said that a gun man has killed four people in a restaurant in Nashville in America
The man entered the restaurant at about 8:00am in Antioch and started shouting people
Four others were injured before one other was eating while a gun man snatched from him and he fled away.
The police has named the man as twenty-year-old Travis Reinking who is from Illinois where he is still searching for.
An interesting story
Monkey Attacks Catholic Church In Anambra
Children up to 88 thousand can die from hunger
Benue: the policemen have killed 20 people
Soyinka: There is rain in 2019
Wole Soyinka
The Nobel winner, Wole Soyinka has spoken that true leadership has ended in Nigeria.
Wole Soyinka warned Nigerians not to listen to them
Wole Soyinka the well known writer has warned Nigerians to be mindful of the flooding and not to be allowed by the politicians in the upcoming election in 2019.
Soyinka, who said this on Sunday during the celebration of the birthday of the late lawyer, Gani Fawehinmi, which took place in Lagos, said that the country of Nigeria and her democracy are in trouble now.
He stated that from those who put Nigeria in the current problems it is through their plan, they have seized themselves again as delegates in the upcoming election, and advised Nigerians to call on the old politicians to allow the new generals to take power.
Buhari and the APC executives have had discussions.
Wole Soyinka: connect your and let the elders rest
He said: 'He is not suspected that the democracy is in trouble.
We are not alone in democracy, our country is in trouble.
I don't think it has a time at all the lives on earth, especially in this country at the time of securing all the properties of this corner.
We all know this.
The question is what we see it as a resurrection opportunity for us to continue to do those things that happened to the country at the end of the year?
It is not a new history that needs to be identified as what will challenge Nigeria's unity.
It is surprising that those who are enemies of democracy who have taken up the plan that led us to the situation we are today are those who appear to be self-presented as the explorers of Nigeria is looking at, a country with a population of 200 million.
Soyinka went on to urge Nigerians to look into the water to avoid it.
Interesting stories
Monkey Attacks Catholic Church In Anambra
Children up to 88 thousand can die from hunger
Benue: the policemen have killed 20 people
He turns out that when we talk about creating a federation of Nigeria, one or two means those who have those behind it.
It is being told that people should be investigating them due to the fact that they are suffering from these groups who have taken part in the governorship situation of Nigeria in today.
Why did Nigerians not attend public meeting in America?
The Nigerian government has cried bitterly about what happened in the meeting of those who want to put money in Nigeria and the American ministry.
Yemi Osibanjo in Abuja
Yemi Osibanjo was among the names in the book that organized the meeting.
Many representatives of the Nigerian government have confessed that they were in the meeting of the Nigerian and American government held in Washington DC without showing the mind on the occasion.
The coming of the government does not make people to be surprised that Nigeria will not be able to get money from overseas.
Those who should visit this place include the Vice President Yemi Osibanjo, the Minister of Finance Kemi Adeosun, the Minister of Petroleum Industry Ibe Kwachukwu, the Minister of Agriculture Audu Ogbeh, the Minister of Technology Ogbonnaya Onu, the Minister of Information Lai Mohammed, the Minister of Finance Kayode Fayemi and the Minister of Industry Okechukwu Enelamah.
Tax-payment of alcohol has increased
Switzerland has accepted to return Abacha's money
One of the suspects of the government is Emir of Kano Sanusi Lamido, who has since assumed duty as bank manager in Nigeria.
What Sanusi said
Sanusi said that the activist in Africa, 'He has Nigeria, there is Ghana, there is Rwanda, Kenya and South Africa'.
He went on to say, 'Nigeria can be more than any other country in tax, but it can say rather than it would put $500 in Nigeria, let me put $100 in Ghana, $100 in Rwanda, $100 in Code Vuwa, let it get broadcast award.'
'We went to organize meetings with stakeholders in the country, we had to start at nine O'clock and we started at ten O'clock.
When I reached the place, they called me to the house of the representative of Nigeria.
Those who attended the meeting were there, no vice president, no ministers, Sanusi said.
Sanusi said that the action was wrong, because he shows that Nigeria has not been prepared for what he is talking about.
He said, 'You have called on people to come and see how trafficking is done in Nigeria, but you don't come?
Even on this way there are those who will put money in Nigeria.
If it was Rwanda that organized the gathering, their president, Kagame, will be there telling people to Rwanda.
People involved in the matter in social media.
A person with @SegunAndrews confirmed Sanusi's statement.
But, the government has said that they are not going on such a way.
Lai Mohammed the minister for information sent out that it is not true that those who should visit this meeting will not be.
Mohammed explains that the ministers who were involved in the ceremony did not get any documents from them, or were in Washington DC during the meeting.
He said that Ministry of Agriculture, Electrical and Financial Services had not been signed for any certificate despite their name in the certificate which would be signed for.
Minister of Economic Freedom from the president went to the meeting of the leaders of the Commonwealth members living in London.
The minister of finance is in Washington DC, but it's about meeting of the world banks with the IMF.
He went on to say that the minister for information and culture got bribe, but he answered and told the organizers that he would not forgive his bribe for any other thing.
Lai Mohammed said, 'These shows that it is not supposed to say that the Ministry will not attend meeting.
pray for the Igbos to die
Ikeogu Oke earned $100,000 as the highest recorder in Nigeria in 2017.
The winner of the award as the best in Nigeria in 2017, Ikeogu Oke has stated that Igbo language will not die if Igbos call it important
Ikeogu earned $100,000 as the best Nigerian literature prize known as 'The Heresiad'.
The thing that made the book unique was that she wrote it in Igbo style.
In a conversation with Igbo BBC, Mr Oke spoke about the Igbo language security, and who he thought was supposed to be part of.
The federal government has stated what to do with Abacha's money
Kemi Adeosun the Minister of Finance has stated what the Federal Government will do with Abacha's money in Nigeria
Kemi Adeosun and Christine Lagarde are the chairmen of IMF
The Nigerian Government has approved the use of more than three hundred million dollars in Abacha's funding by the Swiss Government.
Minister of Finance Kemi Adeosun has spoken that the money will be used to buy back citizens as President Buhari promised and promised during his campaign.
He said this while speaking to journalists at the end of the meeting of the global financial sector IMF in Washington and America.
Adeosun said that the bill has been specially invested in the Nigerian Bank called the CBN to start developing policies that will help the poor.
Tax-payment of alcohol has increased
The senators have insulted the Bank's Head
In his broadcast, he said the federal government is hopeful that they implement their intended plans in a manner that will make Nigeria better.
In his words 'we have put these proposals in development, the economy and economy of Nigeria will increase'
What is Nigeria getting from CHOGM?
A Igbo man has defeated Big Brother Naija
The Nigerians did not attend meeting in America
three things that cause much money fluctuation
IMF told Nigeria to regulate its currency fluctuation rate as a, while others are saying that it is poor that it has more.
Naira
EFCC said that Umar is looking for 10 million naira
In an attempt to harness Nigeria's currency fluctuation, the IMF has advised Nigeria to handle its currency fluctuation.
Nigeria has at least five currency changes; one for fuel importers in Nigeria, one for christains travelling to Saudi Arabia, one for christains travelling to Saudi Arabia, another for foreign students and one for government established.
As experts in economy Pat Utomi and Uche Uwaleke explained to BBC news, having lots of money change had pains.
See how some of the hooks have a lot of currency fluctuation:
It is causing injuries.
Pat Utomi explained what it was doing 'an indigenous person has the opportunity to buy money from the endowment and use it as a trademark, but who has the need for the money to import what he will buy goods from the country and who does not know him will not help him'
It is not good for business progress.'
where tapioca money will enter
Currency fluctuation: Has dollar reduced close to naira?
In his words, Uche Uwaleke gave example, 'By the fact that the government's currency is N305, sold to a person, it can leave what he said to have been harvested, sell to another person N365, to a loan. But if there is one currency change, you will not be able to reverse it.'
It causes fires to strengthen production and production in communities.
Uwaleke said that having much money change makes many of them losses.
The only thing they can do is to sell cheap money, they can produce something.
It is slowing down national economy
Utomi said that 'If people are making currency exchange money from the country to send their child to the overseas for schooling, it will make every eligible to send his child to the overseas, the schools in our country will fail to school.
Saraki and Ekweremadu: People are talking about avoiding them
Ekweremadu 'told his wealth'
Nigerian peace has been put again to Ekweremadu's hand
The senators are almost 109, if 108 people are in Ekweremadu's residence now, it means they are all in his residence.
Remember that the house of senate today decided that the security workers should immediately leave the house of the deputy senate president Ike Ekweremadu, where they attacked today.
Ekweremadu was prevented from coming out from his house in the morning, making him not to attend the high court meeting today, whereas up to 14 senators APC have decamped to PDP
Uche Anichukwu the spokesman of Ekweremadu, told the Igbo BBC that EFCC had prevented him from moving out of his house in Abuja, that it is not the DSS as we wrote before.
@MrBanksOmishore the special assistant of Bukola Saraki, wrote the EFCC letter to Ekweremadu this morning, on Twitter.
In that letter, the EFCC said that they want to investigate Ekweremadu for plagiarism, violation of his mandate and removal of the money called'money laundering'.
As Saraki spoke in the house of senate and started the plenerary, he countered that Ekweremdu has not gone home, and stated that there should be a try and that his ideological leadership will not go down
Senator Sam Anyanwu said that he was in the evening with Ekweremadu, but there is no document that the police are searching for him.
After the plenerary, the lawmakers ruled that security workers should immediately leave the house of the deputy senate president Ike Ekweremadu, so that he could access his right to assents.
This morning, Saraki was among the people who prevented him from moving out from his house.
On the other hand, the Nigerian President, Muhammadu Buhari thanked the APC members for their good performance.
He said this through his Twitter handle @MBuhari:
The EFCC has blocked Ekweremadu's journey in Abuja
A video showing where the EFCC saw Ekweremadu's house:
Those who kidnapped and killed the Catholic Priest have been condemned to death
The supreme court has condemned those who kidnapped and killed father John Adeyi with a death sentence by claims and assassinations.
The court has ordered the death of criminals
The Supreme Court in Makurdi, Benue state has decided on the killing of two people, Hartuna Idi and Suleiman Gina who were among the kidnappers and killed father John Adeyi until they died because of their actions.
Remember that four kidnappers including Saidu Abdullahi and Aliyu Garba, kidnapped by Father Adeyi, a Catholic victim of Otukpo Dayosis, Benue state, killed him and sparked his corpse in a nearby farm in Otukpo in 2016
What I have gone through with the kidnappers
Mikel Obi's father has been released from other kidnappers.
But after the police arrested four people, they confessed that they received the priest's family N1.7m as his capital money but extended it as they heard that the people agreed to come and release it from where they arrested him.
One of them stated that he was killed by a gun man, whereas two of them are known for death today, Wednesday
In the message of the family to the Daily Post, they showcased that ultimately, justice has reached them.
But they lamented that the decision reminded them of the killing of Adeyi, who is a professor.
The senators have come to Ekweremadu
Saraki and Ekweremadu: People are talking about avoiding them
APC pays the governorship minimum wage-Professional
Does there have the spirit resident and childhood leadership come from the world?
The words of Igbo culture concerning the spirit in the olden days and the purpose is also the present.
In the olden days, Igbo believes that ancient people can live
A new baby's clothes in every house cause great hunger in the body.
But there are some places in Igbo land where the new born of the big bumbum can perform.
These people are like Igbusa in Delta state, where young children are seen as exceptional.
Who be the leader of Yuletide?
Some stories explained that the newborn had given the headache of the baby because the mother asked the community to give her a baby.
will you have this kind of tribal marks our forefathers had in the olden days
Do you know the god worshipped by the Igbos in the olden days?
They believe that the headaches are the characters of the spirit which they will know about.
They called these children 'Ezenwa'.
They believe that their leadership is their coverage.
According to their conviction, the big bumbum will be a good child in the world because his side is very weak, they are very weak, and they will become a hero with heavy fear during the war.
But the rest of the problem with people is the main thing.
It seems to be difficult to take care of the big bumbum properly.
An attempt to join the leadership of Dada
Many of these herdsmen are believed that a baby with genotype will suffer seriously from disease or death if pressure runs into his vomiting
It is an abomination and a pronouncement perpetrator.
Anyone who does this should immediately give the baby the money or how the money is alluded.
Just this act will stop the baby from having too much disease.
It is only the mother of the baby who can impact positively on the loss of a big bumbum.
Religion ceremony header
Story has it that it is the native doctor who takes the head of the baby.
Nowadays, people are popular in video and many are busy conjuring.
The boy would have been nineteen and would have been a spokesperson.
The family will ask her what she wants to have a caps to beat her.
Everything she wants from that woman is given to her.
Uka Christa
The whole Igbo land is a well expressed christainity.
This has made many Igbo cultures change.
Now, many Igbo people do not agree that the evil spirit of every child comes from the world.
But they are still taking the kind of child to church as the priests pray for him.
Dr Anthony Mgbolu told BBC Igbo that the big bumbum is what comes from the family's family
What Igbo culture explained about the capitalist class
A professor of African and linguistics in the University of Lagos Chiagozie Nnabuihe explained to BBC Igbo that the land of Igbo in the olden days had no opinion on the capital.
Nnabuihe emphasised that if the Igbos in the olden days believed that they should give them name.
In his words: 'Father is the name given to her by the yoruba
The Igbos are suffering because they are already in relationship with Yoruba people.
But is the main thing really a wrong thing?
Nnamdi Daniels is a movie actor
Many of the people we interviewed said that there is nothing wrong in the first instance but in the last instance, people still see those who are wrong as those who do wrong.
Nnamdi Daniels the big bumbum told Igbo BBC that he has forgotten himself because of his big bumbum
In his words: 'I remember when I traveled to the university of Niger state.
'The security began to interview me and I was confused of the issue. I was very embarrassed by this.
Government has banned more than two million codiene fake drugs.
Ministry of Health has arrested more than two million codien shares looking into others.
Codiene drug
Youths and big bumbum are very serious
The federal government has said that they have cleared out more than two million codiene drugs in the market in Nigeria
Minister of health, Professor Isaac Adewole stated this when his executive committee committed to exploring the problems of Codiene came to show him their discourse
He also said this is to show that the government has emphasized their intention on fighting codiene in Nigeria
Mmachi Codeine: Cough drug is now expensive.
Nafdac has lifted Emzor and others' sanctions
Adewole said that his office at the National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control were partners in the elimination.
Remember in May of this year, BBC released a video showing the spread of codiene drugs in Nigeria.
It was in this video that the government said that they would fight against drug trafficking.
Government is saying that they are still looking into other drugs for malaria.
An interesting story
2019 Election: See how some Igbo people want to contest
Why do Igbos always go to these churches.
why the Igbos expelled people from bush fires
Horsetail is a place where Igbos spread but is it difficult for them to maltreat their expatriates in this forest?
Thieves
The Igbos have different feelings
Why is Igbo known as burial of burial?
Do you know that in Igbo land, there has been so far burial?
What is this evil?
A professor of African and linguistics in the University of Lagos Chiagozie Nnabuihe explained to BBC Igbo and Igbo who discussed here a hell, not a hell as many call it now.
According to the beliefs of the Igbos, the forest is where they live in Ala.
This is where they also find their way out of the land for everybody.
In Igbo God's land is most important, but the spirit after it is the land.
Nnabuihe explained that the Igbo land believed that land is the spirit created of Nigerians
Does there have the spirit resident and childhood leadership come from the world?
will you have this kind of tribal marks our forefathers had in the olden days
The land forbids
Igbo believes that land, sees everything, this means that there is no evil to cover it.
The Igbos are still afraid till now.
The land will put the person completely infected.
See the sickness of the land forbids those who harness it
Leprosy
Oil bean
Dropsy
Ibi (heria)
Nnabuihe explained at that time, there was no native doctor who could suffer for the diseases we called.
Anyone who has this kind of disease should declare his fullness before he dies.
If he does not replace his offences, they will expel it from the evil forest
Do you know the god worshipped by the Igbos in the olden days?
Things you should not do close to an Igbo man
Other things like getting married to another man or woman, or getting married as well as diabetes can make the land the person dear.
Expulsion is not a bad thing
According to Nnabụihe, the expulsion of this person was to save his children and family.
Christianity is the highest faith in Igbo land
Igbo in the olden days believes that everyone who welcomes the person has replied the land from his family
Where ears are in Igbo land now
The Mbaise attack in Imo state
Fire Burning In Okija
Mbitoolu ogbaga
Ihiala
Arusi Okija
Igbo tradition is dead
Nnabuihe said that this is the most evil happening in Igbo land
He said: 'There are many cultures in Igbo land that are false because of the Christianity that comes into Igbo land, people have done many of these evil things and no one has done this evil dance'
An interesting story
The woman's bumbum was seen on twitter because of her comments.
New sports players take major attention on soshal media
Ahmed Musa: One Al Nasr has accepted him today
It has been a menace to say that Musa may move to Al Nasr but now, it has been confirmed.
Ahmed Musa
One person people thought that he would take part in the prompt football team, Ahmed Musa.
But now, Musa plays for the world cup qualifying match that Leicester City defeated Saudi Arabia's Al Nasr.
It is unclear how much it has been borrowed from Leicester City but it is being sold for up to 17 million pounds.
Do you know that women are all over the Super Eagles?
Super Eagles are looking as this new wife wants to marry.
World Cup 2018: Why Nigerians thanked Ahmed Musa
Leicester City bought him first with the CSKA Moscow in 2016 but he returned to that during the 2017 football season.
After the world cup, the people thought he would go to Galatasaray because the supporters of the team had much called him.
The video above shows how her new team called her 'dry' and admitted it into their group.
Meanwhile, Ahmed Musa has not said anything about the matter.
Babatunde Fashola says Nigeria is afraid of electricity
If what Babatunde Fashola has said about the production of electricity is true, it will be a great thing for consumers in Nigeria
Leather
Nigerians are shouting for lack of light
Minister for Electricity, Labor and Housing Babatunde Fashola says the electricity produced in Nigeria has increased till 7000 megawat
Fashola said this in Kalaba, the state capital of Kros Riva yesterday
There will be inconsistency of light till 2023 - Electric workers
PHCN suppose to give you 3 months notice before disconnecting your light-Lawyer
Fashola is in Kaluaba where the board of directors in the department he is governing met.
He said that despite remaining projects, his department has dealt with the state of the electricity in Nigeria than it was when they started work in 2015.
Fashola has joined three divisions in Buhari's government
Three years ago, one was that the production of electricity was a major problem we had in Nigeria.
Then the fire workers said that they do not have anything to give to Nigerians.
Then we shared a megawatt of 2,690 to Nigerians, but the news has changed.
What we can now be is 5,222 megawat, which is the highest since Nigeria appeared.
Meanwhile, the price of this product is 7000 megawat and also 7000 is being securised.
Trouble is still there, but we will say that we are going on.
Interesting stories
Allow your baby to suck
The Igbos are praying in Kano
Four people have been shot dead in Port Harcourt
How to make your children happy during the holiday
And when using money and not using money, see some things you can do with your children during this long period of relaxation.
Students and Oprah Winfrey
It has been time again for the students to have a special break time because it is very long.
Some parents have accepted how they will take their children to school called 'Summer Lesson' but not all children are going to like that.
If you don't participate in those who will call their children 'Summer Lesson', see what you might do for them.
Women want government to pay their education
Four out of 12 children who were kidnapped in Thailand have been released
Buhari: Fight against child abuse
teach them how to dance
Wake-keep is a way your children can transform it and learn to save themselves when they fall into the water.
It will enable them to be well-mannered and be well-mannered.
strive to take them away today
Listen to them concerning the past and other disciplines
teach them how to dance
Igbo for you!
Is there more fear than dance?
Country!
will we be educating our children?
HEALTH
Listen to them in the olden days
Do you know the first day of bombing in Igbo land?
Do you know the name of the first man who came from the mountain and had to release himself?
You can know this and also give your children birth to.
One way you can do this is to take them to a prominent Igbo showroom.
Working
Take them to a place of work.
This will give them more jobs that can give them food in the future if they do not get jobs at the university end.
One car
Finally, if you are a beautiful natural person, this long period of relaxation is when you can put them in oil or bullets in your country.
This will give them good knowledge, courage and opinion on Igbo culture and its severity.
Interesting stories
Allow your baby to suck
Why Igbos dislodge people in bush fires
A woman that kidnapped herself, while the wake of another kidnapper drilled Tramadol
Experts have said that it is a serious crimes that caused many tragic things including the new forms of kidnap in Nigeria
Edgal Imohimi
Lagos state Commissioner for Police Edgal Imohimi said that they have acknowledged the force of the badoo group in Ikorodu
The police arrested a woman who kidnapped herself to get her husband 15 million naira in Ogun state
Also, he touched the kidnappers and he went to kidnapp and wake him for the removal of Tramadol's hard drugs.
But experts in human behaviour who are a psychological and medical practitioner are saying that such a kind of tribal marks are very crude and misleading.
Mikel Obi's father has been released from other kidnappers.
Femi Joseph and his colleagues attacked the drug market with guns to arrest his owner but the morning asked Joseph to buy a tramadol that was gotten from the drug market.
The armed robbery explained that the time they entered the drug shop owner shocked and went back from the backdoor to the backdoor.
According to a police spokesman in Ondo State, But as they do not get what they want, one of them started losing late as a result of the tramadol it consumed.
He made a wake of 24 hours after his release.
Tramadol's call is also gotten from his bags.
On the other hand, a woman named Hadijat Kabir and two others including a man and a female plumbed and kidnapped and sold for fifteen million naira to her husband.
The Lagos state Commissioner for Police Imohimi Edgal, said it was the complaint brought with his husband that they began investigation to find out that it was his wife and criminals that committed the complaint.
A professor of human behaviour and a lecturer at the Ebonyi State University, Nnachi Amos said, it is not the main reason for breach but the current evil.
Some are evil disputes by having kolanut.'
Ogbo at the Federal Neuro-Pychiatric Hospital in Yaba, Lagos, Chinyere Okonkwo confirmed Amos' statement.
They are suffering.
To look into, kidnapping is not a easy task.
Corruption and abuse is more.
Interesting stories
Ozubulu Church Massacre: One year has passed
Could a man and woman be friendly?
Things you should not do close to an Igbo man
The drug drinker has died after nine days
The police in Ondo State have that the kidnappers who have come to bathtub for her death have died.
A wake-keep
BBC Doctor interviewed and said that the kidnappers are supposed to receive treatment.
The spokesman of the command in Ondo Femi Joseph has told the journalists that the victim of the hard drugs has died according to News agency of Nigeria
Remember that she has been coughing since the police arrested her on August 5 where drugs are being sold.
Joseph said that the kidnappers died in the state's hospital where the English doctors were trying to pay him
A kidnappers need treatment-Dibia English
Evans' lawyer has resigned from his case.
What empowers the kidnappers?
In his words, 'The investigating child died after nine days in his arrest.
We thought we would order him and he helped us in the investigation we were doing, but he died yesterday.'
This may be from the hard drugs he consume.
We use this opportunity to advise parents on how to know their friends.'
Akukoro said that the kidnappers went to scare the drug dealer but the person suffered rapidly
He later took one of his parents, Daudu Wale, where he went to buy a drug where one of them was caught.
Interesting stories
What will you say to Nnamdi Kanu when you meet him on the path?
A new baby has been lost to Onitsha today.
Buhari and Osibanjo will compete in 2019
Five things you can start with N10,000
His statement boosted numerous controversies among stakeholders in Nigeria and the Federal Government.
Another funny story is the story of a Igbo woman named Mama Boko Haram
Aisha Wakil told Igbo BBC how she sacked the children who are members of Boko Haram today
The well known Archbishop's story in Nigeria which gave birth to three teenage after nineteen years, gave the Igbos and Nigeria as well.
Abaribe's statement on the kidnappers in 2018
The world cup competition also attracted the Igbo.
World Cup: The Ezi 'looking road' has said that Super Eagles will win the finals
Another example is the arrest of one hundred and forty-four IPOB women in Owerri.
The women are in court today.
Our women do not take any law-Lawyer of Ipob
Women have been released from IPOB in Owerri.
There was flood assault in Igbo land in 2018
Their reports propelled the deal with IVF.
Five ladies from Regina Pacis school in Onitsha also shocked the Igbos when they were winning in the Technovation 2018 competition from the best in the world.
Interesting stories
The third Eke fears will begin on January 1 - The Nigerian military
Green Revolution: The things Shagari create for Nigerians
How to avoid attacks and events
Second Niger Bridge as a woman's promise
Igbo Tradition: Why woman is being married in Igbo land
Sometimes, people are asking why women are not sexually harrased in some parts of Igbo land, the story explained to her.
Man and woman are connected
Igbo does not welcome male and female living without marriage.
More often, there are reports of some youths or girls that love themselves, and agreed to get married as a couple, but they do not do the marriage culture as they should.
Many incidents were also observed in this situation, especially the woman who was in the house of the deceased without any marriage act occurred naturally.
The title of a woman in Igbo land
five things that interest women
Is education a tradition that will stop in Igbo land?
As a matter of fact, this usually involves different families in protest.
Because of this crude situation, some towns in Igbo land, made it mandatory for a man to marry his wife at home, which she did not do when she was alive
The reasons why women are not afraid:
In Igbo, it is not possible for a man to get married, even if he has not done anything from him.
Even if it is done by the court, it is expected that it will come to death as the child owners wishes
As a professor of culture Nze Olueze Awkaejuha (Duruage 2nd) in Umukara, Isu in Nwangele of Imo State told BBC Igbo, this law is very good for their country, also for those with various degrees of suffering.
Whoever does not live, he lives on, is the process of many societies
But in Akukwu community in Imo state, the plan did not sell any price, as mothers families came to burial their child's corpse and went to their house.
How to prepare a woman's dresses:
The person will come and tell my parents that their children are in trouble (they will not be afraid of being dead).
'They will follow him and visit their child, when they see his corpse, they will accuse the man of killing their child, which will make him happy
To prove that it is not her who killed her, she will agree to marry the woman's corpse
she will come to marry her
she will return to the advice of the dead mother and her wife
The man will continue to perform his funeral.
What to do for a person who refused to love a woman in general:
According to the Bible, these are the things that will do for the man who refused to marry a woman who does not have the responsibility:
The person will get punishment in different ways
There are various crises that face the person
The issue that doesn't bother anybody like this.
The person could also suffer lazy death.
But the person can relent, peddle if all these trusts begin to trust him.
what the person will do if he returns
If the man had caught up and completed the rearrest due to his footstep, the following things he would do:
The person will send the elders of the country to come and make the land clear.
He would be punished by ensuring that he has done the things he suppose to do in two ways.
Nigeria 2019 elections: The critical candidates contesting for the president – Muhammadu Buhari
The Nigerian President, Muhammadu Buhari is contesting as the president who once broke down in the democracy under the ruling party.
President Muhammadu Buhari
President Muhammadu Buhari is voting for the third time to become Nigerian president.
It was the first time it came to power in December 1983 (1984) that the Nigerian soldiers took power, but some of his neighbours took Buhari to power in 1985.
The BBC interview is still on going
Buhari later became the president by the Democratic Party in 2015, as the attempt to win him was three times lost.
As he was ruling as a giant, Buhari had no real name on human rights.
Although they are still in the custody of his opponent, many people in prison for Buhari can't release them as court has said.
The 76-year-old man took oath in 2015, promising to fight against corruption and corruption and violence, as well as improve Nigeria's economy.
Four years are coming to an end but many people do not believe in what he did means.
The promise that he will defeat the Boko Haram in Nigeria is fighting against those who have been missing from the Eastern part of Nigeria, but recently, those who have been missing from Buhari's motives are still in the presidential minds by attacking the zone.
Those who come to them believe that Buhari will meet to fight against non-democracy party - PDP flag bearer Atiku Abubakar is also a Muslim and highly respected Nigeria as Buhari.
Buhari is a national flag bearer of the All Progressives Congress (APC), also known as his flag bearer in Nigeria, though most see his votes as a precursor of economic loss.
Interesting stories
It remains small as 'pyhton dance' to Nnamdi Kanu - Buratai
I'm not confident of corruption in the 2019 elections'- Atiku
Nigerian Election 2019: Electorals and their vice.
Do you know the six people that contested for president in the 2019 election?
They will be shot dead by BBC
The people contesting for president
Here are six people who are contesting for the most popular president and their vice:
As the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) published a document that shows that more than 70 people are contesting for president in 2019, BBC Igbo wants to show you the people whose name is the most menace.
The support for election in the East has been burnt
I will not attend Tinubu to tell people who they will vote for.
Peter Obi will not give you money but it will support any good job.'
Among these six persons and their vice, there are three ladies among them; one is contesting for the president while others are contesting for vice.
1) Muhammadu Buhari and Yemi Osinbajo
Buhari and Osibanjo have ruled Nigeria since 2015 under the All Progressives Congress (APC) party.
Who is Muhammadu Buhari?
He was born on December 7, 1942.
He has ruled Nigeria twice; as a military and a civil.
He vied for president three times (2003, 2007 and 2011) before he was appointed in 2015
In the same way, he is the president, and he is a minister of oil production in the country.
Who is Yemi Osinbajo?
He was born in March 8, 1957.
He is a priest in redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG)
He won Buhari's vice in 2015
He is also a prominent lawyer
Atiku Abubakar and Peter Obi
Atiku and Obi are deploying the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the 2019 elections.
Who is Atiku Abubakar?
He was born in November 15, 1946
He was the vice president from 1999 to 2007
He has contested for president twice as his party flag bearer; in 2007 under the AC and 2018 under the PDP
He's an entrepreneur with a lot of different.
Who is Peter Obi?
He was born in July 19, 1961.
He won Anambra state governor under APGA in 2003 but he remained unwarranted until March 2006 when he won in court but was later arraigned in November that year.
He later returned to his office in February 2007, and went out in May when Andy Uba defeated him, but the court stated that he was released for four years
He stepped down from the position of governor of Anambra in 2014 after his second tenure.
He is an expert on economy.
Oby Ezekwesili and AbdulGaniyu Galadima
Galadima is also the chairman of the Allied Congress Party of Nigeria (ACPN) they want to take office
Who is Oby Ezekwesili?
He was born in April 18, 1963.
He was a ministry of education from 2005 to 2006 and also education from 2006 to 2007.
he is part of the organization 'Bring Back Our Girls (BBOG)' in charge of Chibok girls kidnapped since 2014
If she wins, she will be the first woman to become the president of Nigeria
Who is Ganiyu Galadima?
He was born in June 1, 1964.
She attended his higher education in Kwara State University where she eventually became one of the leaders of the school
He was the former presidential candidate under the ACPN in 2015
He's an expatriate
Kingsley Moghalu and Umma Getso
Moghalu and Getso are contesting under the Young Progressives Party (YPP)
Who is Kingsley Moghalu?
He was born on May 7, 1963.
This is the first time he is contesting for the Nigerian politics
He studied and got the certificate of law in the university.
He is also a professional in the field of economy.
She acted as a direct bank of Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN)
Who is Umma Getso?
she was born in 1981
He is the YPP deputy chairman
He is an entrepreneur, and an entrepreneur in the field of rights for women.
Omoyele Sowore and Rabiu Ahmed Rufai
Sowore and Rufai are contesting under the African Action Congress (AAC)
Who is Omoyele Sowore?
He was born in February 16, 1971.
He is a pro-democracy activist.
He started having him while still in the university
He founded Sahara Reporters.
He founded AAC party in August 2018
Who is Rabiu Ahmed Rufai?
she was born in July 7, 1976
He is a English doctor or a doctor who is a specialist in health.
He did a lecture at Bayero University of Kano
Fela Durotoye and Khadijah Abdullahi-Iya
Durotoye and Abdullahi-Iya are contesting under the party, Alliance for New Nigeria (ANN)
Who is Fela Durotoye?
she was born in May 22, 1971.
He went to Obafemi Awolowo University of Ile-Ife
He is a person who teaches people how money is spent, and a person who speaks to encourage people's soul.
He is contesting for president under the party, Alliance for New Nigeria (ANN)
Who is Khadijah Abdullahi-Iya?
she is the founder of the Women's Community of Africa (WCA) and Rags to Riches (R2R)
He is also a lawyer
Who would you vote for?
Imo Election Results: Seven things that led to Uche Nwosu's disobedience said
Only Uche Nwosu who came to discuss the BBC about the governorship election in Owerri Imo state.
Igbo asked Ower when BBC Igbo made the discussion of those contesting for governorship election in Imo State but it was pointed out of Imo that only one of the four persons supposed to BBC Igbo promised that they would come to that discussion was what came to it.
The Imo state APC spokeman has followed Uche Nwosu
Imo APC Primaries: Uche Nwosu has been declared Imo governorship candidate.
These were present to the Imo people as Emeka ihedioha PDP, Hope Uzodimma of APC and Ifeanyi Ararume of APGA.
Igbo BBC chairman, Adline Okere said that it is only Ararume who told him that he may not come because he is starting his campaign.
The ceremony began at about 2pm.
In his simple interview, Uche Nwosu pledged to pay N30 billion as the minimum monthly vaccination if signed by the Federal Government.
Nwosu went on to say that his party no one is contesting for the president but he intervened in the discussion of his support to President Muhammau Buhari.
Another thing he said was; 'There was nothing in my manifesto that I could not do.'
Seven words against Uche Nwosu's bail said:
Uche Nwosu from APC joined AA for governorship election in Owerri Imo state
Nwosu stated what he will do to Imo state if he takes office in the election that will be held in March, 2019
Buhari for President: 'One AA can dislodge Uche Nwosu'
it is not true that the Action Alliance is not supporting Nwosu - Obidiche
As a matter of fact, look at the things he made about in a minuite:
I will get education which is peddling by the congregation of Christians
I will make health available for children, elderly women and also elderly
I will make the youths to work
I know what's hard on talking about politics.
I will make sacrifices for those who lived for life to the Imo people
I will pay the minimum wage of N30,000 and it will be confirmed by the Federal Government.
I will look into the issue of pension.
An interesting story
Uzodimma, Ihedioha and Ararume did not intervene in Igbo BBC.
Atiku came to America and he has a question to answer us-Lai Mohammed
What Nigerians are saying about Atiku's journey to America
Atiku: Abuja burnt as Atiku returned to American trip
Stories about Atiku Abubakar's death, the fire burnt the Guinness oil producing industry, President Buhari and the political economy, Onnoghen's story, the Mexican accident and others including.
Important message:
PDP members and loved ones of Atiku Abubakar came out in Nigeria's Nnamdi Azikiwe airport in Abuja to welcome Abubakar, who travelled to America.
Atiku and the Senate president of Nigeria Bukola Saraki shared a two-day trip to the country where, as Atiku explained, there was a meeting between the State workforce and the expatriates.
Atiku will participate in the presidential election that will be held on Saturday night in Abuja.
Fire Burns In Guinness Oil Production Company
Fire Burnt In Osisioma Industrial Layout, Aba, Abia State On Friday
The fire that prolonged till six hours was caused by fire service agencies, as well as other nearby agencies, the police and the community that helped and sacked him.
The Guinness spokesman, Nike Onakoya told Igbo BBC that the fire did not inflict the person and that he was inflicting much
He also said that their oil production work was still cheap in their shops in Benin and Ogba, Lagos Breweries.
There was no damage or much damage as Aba's burial was because of labour abuse and there were only a few human workers.
Where we used the oil production place is mostly in our field in Benini and Ogba (Legos).
It is a false narrative that Onnoghen is wanted to be suspended.
Femi Adesina was a well known journalist before office in the office of the president
The president's office has said that the news that the government wants to arrest Nigerian supreme judge, Justice Onnoghen is false.
President Muhammadu Buhari's spokesman Femi Adesina posted on his Facebook account to the 'fake news' which they addressed to the Coalition of United Political Parties (CUPP).
Donald Trump: There has been progress in the elimination of North Korea
US government shut down last week because the senates did not approve their budget
The American president Donald Trump has spoken that there has been progress in the elimination of North Korea
He stated differently to what the experts say that he has not gone any way to where he is going
Liverpool and Crystal Palace are separated.
In sports
Liverpool defeated Crystal Palace with three goals to two in their Premier league competition on Saturday.
Government will sell the wealth of those involved in corruption
President Muhammadu Buhari has said that his government will sell the wealth of those involved in corruption and corruption.
Buhari said this in Kaduna as the ballot camp yesterday
He said that the attempt was because he did not want to do what he said that was happening in 1985, which led to the restoration of their properties.
The Nigerian Supreme Court has embarked on Onnoghen's impeachment journey
Report reaching us explains that the Federal Government has gone to the Code of Conduct court to demand the removal of Justice Walter Onnoghen from his position as the Supreme Judge of Nigeria and the Head of the Department of State Services of the National Judicial Council.
The CCT is the largest lawyer in Nigeria, Abubakar Malami.
In abroad
Up to 20 people have died in Mexico as fuel fire burns
Other injured persons who were injured in the accident in Hidalgo state in Middle Mexico
In sports
When Lobi Stars and Heartland FC met
Lobi Stars of Nigeria will meet with Asec Mimosas of Ivory Coast today in the country's headquarters Abidjan with their second round in the CAF Champions League.
The Lobi scored one goal against one in the first round with Mamolodi Sundowns in Enugu.
Listen to these minutes here
Watch today's video
Obasanjo: 'we want the president and the body is enough'
The Nigerian President, Olusegun Obasanjo has stated many things that interest him of what he says of Nigeria now and what he wants Nigerians to do about him
Obasanjo
Olusegun Obasanjo has said that he is not sure that the Inec will make the right election next month
Even if they want to make good elections, the current leaders will not give them chance.
The collaboration of Obasanjo has started
This government has been installed in 2019 - Obasanjo
Obasanjo said this while delivering the points for concern and action to his journalist's house at Abeokuta.
He said that what Nigeria wants now is a proper head of state and also a strong country to rescue.
Obasanjo said that Nigerians should be too few as Buhari did for them since he was in office.
In his words, 'Buhari left us first, we would be proud if we left him to forget us again.'
He took the administration of Buhari which he added to a Nigerian army called Sanni Abacha while he was alive as president.
Interesting stories
My son has died because he is not afraid of money '
Do you know Igbo religion adequately?
Day 28: Do you know the name of the 91 party in Nigeria?
BBCNigeria2019
Atiku came to America and he has a question to answer us-Lai Mohammed
Olusegun Obasanjo: what Atiku gave Buhari good
Obasanjo told BBC that he has looked into Buhari's actions and seen that Atiku has made him better than two.
In a conversation with BBC Yoruba, former Nigerian president, Olusegun Obasanjo spoke about the former vice and 2019 political candidate, Atiku Abubakar.
He said that he is innocent now that he will take Atiku to Buhari because of what Buhari has done.
Those who can be elected among them are who are of APC and PDP
From what I saw from Buhari—the poor job, escalation, corruption, insecurity, intellectual insecurity and other things that brought in Atiku's favour.
Atiku will win two more than Buhari.
He also spoke about Boko Haram and the Independence National Electoral Commission (INEC).
Obasanjo explained that he believed that President Muhammadu Buhari as Atiku njo, was why he refused to support the youths among the 73 candidates contesting for the president of Nigeria
He also stated what happened before the military invaded Odi village in 1999, when up to 2500 people were killed by the soldiers
The discussion will be held on January 22, 2019.
Irreversible reasons for people who take drugs are not needed because they do not have their money to the hospital.
According to Oriuiakhi,'it is such a weakness that some people are acting against backs of prevention that some people are suffering from malaria'
Four things you do not about malaria
He said that many people who go to the chemist, took the unlawful drugs from the medical doctors.
this will happen that when they find the drug, it will not be effective on their body
He also stated that this is a social uprising
What will make the preventive drugs effective as appropriate?
Good training should be given to the people for preventive drugs use.
Only when a doctor has given people these preventive drugs when they are supposed to drink.
Nutrition: breast feeding is not due to the pain of your baby
People who sells preventive drugs should not transmit it to someone if the person does not use his medical document.
'Culture and sensitivity should also be done before individuals are given preventive drugs.
The person who is not going to the hospital will do requalification for appropriate precautions.
Healthcare workers should inform people of the need to be aware of the use of these preventive drugs.
An interesting story
There is no budget for overthrowing the Imo state government
closing of Nigeria's capital office and its implications
What will happen if you stop using bags for drying and drying?
Nigeria Vs Ukraine: Flying Eagles have defeated.
Nigerians blocked Tiani Mohammed as Nigeria defeated Ukraine on Thursday night
Ademola Olajire
Flying Eagle players shot dead in their match in Ukraine
Nigeria and Ukraine scored one goal in the U20 World Cup of Nigeria and Ukraine played on Thursday night.
But Nigerians are not happy as Flying Eagle players have knocked back the band in the tournament as they were knocked out as they were knocked out in the past.
Nigerians are angry about the price of Tiani Mohammed of the Flying Eagle as Nigeria is playing for the competition
But before penalty, the Ukraine's goal keeper remembered him for a few times before the competition.
What happened as Danylo Sikan of Ukraine scored the first goal
But Tijani saved himself when he scored another penalty in the 47th minute of the competition.
Many Nigerians are angry for them in the eyes of Tijan.
See what some said
@10Qmedia said that Tijani Muhammed is the best player in Nigerian football league
@vic_MLS argued that Titani lost the opportunity to penalty.
@rappatek said that the coach of Flying Eagles would have decamped to Tyrani on time.
@SSnetwork said that they are not happy to play for one.
Jane Ada: I'm shouting the Igbos to show the world the Igbo character
Jane Ada a Igbo native who lives in America has explained how she lives in Igbo land.
Jane Ada a well known poet and boxer said that it was through boxing she explained some of the old Igbo people
Jane studied Secondary School in Enugu before working in the United States said she did not know when it started but God gave her this special award.
The deaths she has done includes; Amadioha and Ala, these two deaths are known in Igbo land
listen to him on how he did as well as his objectives in Igbo culture and language.
The news reporters: Chioma Nkemdilim and Nnamdi Agbanelo.
Women's World Cup 2019: Super Falcons have defeated Super Eagles
Some women in the journalists have explained some of the women's football problems in Nigeria
Women football journalists have said that the Super Falcons of Nigeria are more interested in football than their male counterparts.
They said that despite this that people are not involved in women's football in Nigeria and Africa.
They went on to say that the government does not invest in women's soccer as they do in men despite that women are infected with Iko more than men
That these are the things that do not hear from the women's contest in Nigeria
Nigeria vs Norway: Nigeria defeated France today
Norway has won the Super Falcons with three goals in the Women's World Cup in France
Norway and Nigeria in the world cup of women in France
Norway has scored three goals from Nigeria in the women's world cup which began in France today
Norway women played as male while Nigerians made their bride relevant until their leave was restored.
France defeated Super Falcon
Why is women's football not intereting to you?
The first Norway goal scored by Reiten over 17 minutes while the second goal scored by Utland over 34 minutes.
The win for Nigeria was displayed in Ohale's eyes which scored the Nigerian goalkeeper in the 37th minute
As this was done, Nigeria lost the golden note to Francisca Ordega and Desire Oparanozie who first earned the note at 13 minutes.
Norway won Nigeria with three goals when Nigeria won the competition with three goals to nothing.
On Saturday night, the Women's World Cup was held in France, Nigeria and 24 other countries
Nigeria is one of the first players in the match against Stade Auguste Delaune in France
Nigeria and South Korea will meet on Wednesday at 2pm at Stade des Alpes, Grenoble
Spain has defeated South Africa with three goals to one.
An interesting story
Abuja high court has opened AIT again
NBC has decamped AIT, Ray Power broadcasting authority
Why is women's football not intereting to you?
Nigeria vs South Korea: The Falcons have defeated
The Falcons have defeated South Korea with two goals.
Oshaola of Nigeria
French football team has burnt as the Nigerian Falcons have defeated
The first goal scored by Nigeria was from South Korea when Kim Do-yeon played in their net in 29th minuite
This happened after testing through VAR Technology before the goal was accepted.
Asisat Oshoala showed the South Koreans that Nigeria did not attend child sports in 75th minuite
Nigeria vs Norway: Norway defeated Nigeria
They were seen with one goal post which made Nigeria winner of the competition
Finally, Nigeria won itself as Norway defeated them in their first match.
George Weah has met Buhari in Abuja
The Liberian President George Weah came to meet with President Muhammadu Buhari on Thursday in Abuja state government
Weah came to meet Buhari
George Weah and Muhammadu Buhari
The Liberian President George Weah came to meet with President Muhammadu Buhari on Thursday in Abuja state government
According to a soshal media assistant the president on Twitter, the two countries have had a conversation concerning the relationship between the two countries as it expanded the security and economy.
Chiji Collins has been elected as the house of senate in Imo state.
New Imo state senators have identified Mr Chiji Collins as their spokesman.
The young man, who represents the Isiala Mbano Local Government Area of the state.
He was elected without anybody previously.
This is the second time she is going to that house of senate as she was appointed first in 2015.
The senate also elected Okechukwu Onyekanma, who represents Mbaitoli of the state as his vice.
A heretor has removed the woman's head in Ekiti
The people of Ilasa Ekiti in Ekiti state are in crisis now as a result of the death of one bride which was led by the governor because she refused to marry her
The unnamed her rearer hid the bride on a road where she went to flood and took her head on Tuesday.
a man has burnt a woman and her family for asking about friendship.
a man has killed his wife for 'grabbing'
The community commander, Ajayi Omolagba said that the former commander closed the ruga settlement from his family according to the Fulani Constitution.
But the girl's family refused to date her the bride which made her kill the girl
The Ekiti state police said that the incident happened, that they have arrested the man with a release.
Fire Burns Markets In Port Harcourt
River State government has talked about the fire in Port Harcourt Shopping Mall.
The state secretary Tammy Danagogo told the workers that they would start business today being Thursday.
The President was kidnapped in Katsina
The herdsmen have killed many people in Benue and other states in Nigeria
Report reaching us says that the kidnappers have kidnapped one leader in Garin Labo in Katsina state
The leader was in his farm when the kidnappers came and fled.
In abroad
Do not forget that the Mexican president Andres Obrador has assured that he will sell the president's airplanes to fight against his people to cross the United States.
Obrador said that he would run on public airplanes to ensure that he fulfilled his promises concerning the misbehaviour of the United States to catch up her people.
In sports, Enyimba FC got the award as 'the best club' in Africa in 2003
In sports, Enyimba has won the Nigeria Premier league of their eighth round with 3 goals against Akwa United yesterday
Enyimba scored 12 goals in five matches, whereas Reuben Bala, Stanley Dimgba and Abdulrahman Bashir scored the goal
Listen to these news here
Child trafficking: the police have arrested kidnappers of children in Imo state
The police in Imo said that Immaculata Edward kidnapped and sold 5 children from a family in Ngor Akpala state
Those suspected to kidnapp the children
The Department of Operation Puff Adder of the Imo State police has arrested one person whose main job is kidnapping children
On 24th April 2019, a woman named Immaculata Edward said that she was 31 years from Okondo village in Cros Riva State and kidnapped five children living in her resident Ifara Isong in Ngor Okpala village in Imo state.
NAPTIP has captured those involved in child trafficking
Child trafficking has been arrested by a native doctor
Immaculata killed the children of the neighbours of the boyfriend who were said to have looked after them by their parents.
These children were among the parents; Somto Eke, a six-year-old woman, Kelechi Eke, a five-year-old man
Others are Chisom Eke, a three-year-old woman, Ebuka Enwerem, a three-year-old man, Chioma Enwerem, a five-year-old woman and Lucky Ida, a six-year-old man.
Children released from their families
Immaculata took them to a prominent child trafficking person, Perpetual Iwuji from Obokwu Ulakwo, Imo state.
Perpetual took two of these children and sold them to Grace Nwachukwu from Aboh Mbaise and lived in Mpape Abuja
Immaculata also kidnapped two children who are his uncles from Cross River State and kidnapped by Ifeoma Ndubuisi from Lokpanta Abia state.
A rescued child from his father
According to the police's investigation, all the kidnapped children have been caught and brought to their families.
In the study, five other children were rescued from Perpetual Iwuji and transported to a house where children are being careful.
Those who are sighted in this includes; Perpetual Iwuji, Isong Ifara, Immaculata Edward, Grace Nwachukwu, Ifeoma Ndubuisi and Stephen Ezenwa
Child trafficking is unknown about in the Eastern part of Nigeria
Interesting stories
There is nothing like Igbo president - Okorocha
Does a bride get married when she is not married?
Rochas Okorocha has assumed office as Nigerian senator
AFCON 2019: Results for the competition
This process will also lead to African cup of nations competition that will start on June 21 in Nigeria
African cup of nations
Inec Server: 'We have summarized all card reader figures aside on computer'
Inec said that the names of all the registered in the 2019 election are in their computer.
Festus Okoye and Emeka Unachukwu
Inec chairman Festus Okoye is stillined that the company has no 'Server' that allowed them to copy the 2019 election result.
Okoye notes that Nigeria's constitution did not allow them to do so.
Judge Garba has seated Atiku and Buhari's case.
The house of senate has stated how to budget 2019
According to him, 'The Nigerian Constitution permits to cover up all election results contained in 'EC8A formulation' to travel to where they will be denied.'
The Nigerian rule which we conducted was a election which was not used to copy any message.
The Collation Officer is still their duty to carry these documents to their demanded place.
We have never used the copy and paste effect of the election.
Okoye confirmed that the subscribers for the 2019 general election were on the e-mail, and all party members were given these names.
The index form will stop corruption in the election
He emphasised that'it is only with the computer to vote that things will be cleared'
He said that he does not know about the 2019 election result you are in any week.
In the same way, BBC asked the popular computer workers, Emeka Unachukwu what is a'server'?
Unachukwu said that 'Server' is a complaint with other complaints that use different types of data'.
He said Inec could say they don't have a server because he has another company that they are secured but it is not true that they don't have a server' where it is secured.
He said that Internet has its own server where many people are sending their messages.
Unachukwu said that 'Inec will not say that they are not sexually harrased because they have their identities and data.
They can call this a data base but it is sabbatical because the information is combined with others who can be root or root.
He said that Inec was not responsible because they had no servers.
They are calling on people to come and collect their ready PVC
Unachukwu said that even if he was polled back from his custody and his custody is polled, that Inec will put him in a'server'
But they can say that they haven't installed the 2019 outcome with the serveer which shows they haven't completed their jobs.
An interesting story
How to avoid HIV transmittion of your new baby
The Igbos are involved in the Nigerian rule?
Payment of 2 months into 10 months is unqualified-Abia teachers
Watch our video
World Blood Donor Day 2019: People are thinking of blood donation.
As today is the time of remembering giving blood to the Igbo BBC, they have asked people about giving blood
Today is the World Blood Donor Day 2019
BBC Igbo asked people what they did about giving blood and the kind of lies they heard about.
Listen to them
Diet and Dementia: How to use chocolate and vegetables to dismissbrain problems
Listen to this article so that you can find how to use the right food to strengthen and strengthen your body.
The chopsticks and the food papers are prepared for regular checks.
Learn about nutrition to give you longer livelihood and health.
Do you know seven foods that can help you deal with malaria?
About fifty-five billion people in the world around the world are involved in malaria and diabetes, which caused serious loss of knowledge and learning problems, including up to fifty-five billion people in the world who obtain this disease annually (WHO).
Although it has been observed that victory has joined in resolving issues, but there is no knowledge or support.
Red wine, coffee, and Chocolate as well as Champagne bottles have been meant for consumption foods.
But, is there any truth in these proposals?
The spokesman of BBC Sheila Dillon was discovered when he interviewed the experts concerning the matter.
As you can find, these foods help you enjoy:
Food from water
Both the properties of the protained protained from the branded OMega Fatty Acids.
Exclusive eating food stuff once or more helps the general minds.
The words of 'vin' and other species seem similar to it.
Give attention to the Venerable Hospitality
Sources like 'Strawberries' and 'blueberries' have something that prevents the birth of normal cycles.
Jewelry and jewelry are different.
There are many different types of dresses both in leather and in order to prepare
The person who consume 30mg of various types of breadfruit, corn/maize, corn/maize, corn/maize, corn/maize, corn/maize, corn/maize, corn/maize, corn/maize, corn/maize, corn/maize, corn/maize, corn/maize, corn/maize and corn/maize.
fighting
it gives blood to the womb and it gives birth to twins
One said that the fish and fish were processed with insecticide, and the person knew what he was saying.
Witnesses B
Vitaly B: it should be called a song
The number of people with genuine symptoms of Vitaly B has increased the effectiveness of the virus.
Are you drinking cocoyam during famines?
Let's thank the people of Ollmec-Mexico for showing worldwide cocoyam.
Cocoyam is good for cassava root and is well prepared for fruit.
But remember when you eat cocoyam containing diabetes.
Babies
you can get ubebekee around the world
The one who joined in making English popular all over the world is because it helps in making it popular
Has you already looked at?
These foods are not enough to get but have other foods that can change what you don't need in your stomach.
And remember, these foods are not about your breadfruit, they repain your body so that you can be sweet!
The article is a transformation of the article 'Diet and Dementia', which is special with the BBC's The Food Programme.
Mikel Obi: What I did not do if I won the AFCON Cup
Super Eagles' coach has confirmed that they came for a win at the AFCON 2019.
Mikel Obi
Vice club of football in Nigeria - Mikel Obi
Mikel Obi who will lead the Super Eagles team of Nigeria to Igbo country for the 2019 African cup of nations AFCON has said that he is not going to dance because he is defeated by the AFCON Cup of Nations.
It is 6 years of Mikel Obi who touched the African cup of nations
This was when Nigeria won in South Africa
Mikel will not be competing in Poland
Mikel Obi is not happy
Mikel Obi's father has been released from other kidnappers.
Another time Mikel played in Africa was in 2006 and 2010 when Super Eagles ran third
During the AFCON season, Mikel will lead the blatant young men to celebrate this year in Nigeria
Mikel said: 'Though the present Eagles team are not the old players in the match against African countries like it, this competition will give such people as Samuel (chukwueze) and Paul (Onuachu) the opportunity to prove their right.
I also hope that we will put to one and it is good for me.'
Super Eagles club
He stated in his pleasure how the Super Eagles tried despite their defeat in the world cup.
Mikel believed the competition would be difficult but believed the support from Super Eagles would help them win the competition
Remember that Mikel Obi played Nigeria for the first time in 2005 when Super Eagles met Libya club
Mikel said in this tournament might be his last in Super Eagles uniform.
He said; 'One time l'm trying for him to get away.
Ukraine and U20 world cup: South Korea has defeated U20 world cup
Ukraine has defeated South Korea with three goals to the youth world cup.
Ukraine vs South Korea
Ukraine's football team has scored three goals to one in the defeat of South Korea in the world cup under 20 years in Poland today, Saturday.
This win came as South Koreans got penalty in the morning 5 minutes which Lee Kang-in put them in the goal
Flying Eagles have defeated the king
One Nigeria has joined in the AFCON U20 competition
But Ukraine told South Korea that they did not show fear for a month when Vladyslav Supriaga answered the goal in thirty- four minutes.
Vladyslav Supriaga said that he really did not strike in the fifty-three minutes when he scored his second goal against the South Koreans.
The Koreans repeatedly knocked out the move but Ukraine told them that it was long not that my child had come up when they completed it by Giorgi Tsitaishvili in eighty-nine minutes.
South Korea was defeated
The world turned to South Korea when it became complicated when it ended
This is the first time Ukraine is performing in the world cup after England won it two years ago
An interesting story
What I came to do if I did not win AFCON Cup'- Mikel Obi
The Court of Appeal has lifted Chimaroke again the high level he wants to'mop up' women who do not want to violence.
They want them to be happy
Igbo women wear beautiful clothes at all times.
Igbo women are looking for struggling men
Whatever a man involves it, an Igbo woman will support it.
They want to take part in work at any time, they don't want to be proud of.
Everything a woman can do, it will do well.
Interesting stories
Inec believes in card reader
China has made the president yesterday
Rwanda: Clothe has killed church members
Dapchi children: there has been clash between Buhari and Jonathan
There has been a clash between Buhari and Jonathan over the kidnap of Dapchi students in Northern Nigeria
Buhari started a tour of communities in Nigeria which includes Taraba, Plateau, Benue before going to Yobe.
President Mohammad Buhari said that the former president, Goodluck Jonathan is looking into the kidnap of students.
He said this yesterday when he made a visit to Dapchi community of Yobe state, where the children were kidnapped last month
She condemned the administration of Jonathan in the contempt of Chibok students when they were kidnapped in 2014, and said it was a misunderstanding.
many of these students are the kidnappers
But this Buhari's statement has brought different solutions to many people.'
The spokesman of 'Bring Back Our Girls' group, Sesugh Akume has said that the president has not tried
Akum said, 'We are not happy, this is the fourth year of Chibok children's kidnap, now that he has done in Dapchi as Buhari's administration is doing as a witch to Jonathan in his own time.
The children had been kidnapped for one month, but now that the government is going to it.
Despite all the lies they did that they had released Dapchi's children.
The president told Dapchi's parents that he will release the kidnapped children
The special assistant of Jonathan Reno Omokiri said that Buhari's son Yusuf Buhari has more violence than Dapchi's children
He said that during the kidnap of Chibok children, Jonathan, the security meeting, where Buhari cancelled the security meeting during the kidnap of Dapchi children
He stated also that when Yusuf Buhari had an accident that Buhari canceled all the travel, and went to see his child in the hospital
Interesting stories
The parents of Dapchi students stormed Abuja
Another prominent person is Femi Fani-Koyede and his tweet;
The spokesman of Jonathan Reuben Abati said his own on Twitter:
Other Nigerians tweeted
Is education a tradition that will stop in Igbo land?
A new baby was born, taught, drawn with water, water and yesterday's visit to his maternal grandmother. That is what is called education.
A new boy and his mother
Getting up is an Igbo culture that has started since the olden days and is still happening so far.
Studying in Igbo culture is the time when a mother is coming to visit her daughter and child she gave birth (which is her child).
Sometimes, if a woman does not have a mother (If her mother has died), her father's wife or her husband's mother will stay in her house to take her education.
five things that interest women
Women have changed their character in new form
the value of a woman is not the kitchen
The reason why she was a schooling woman rather than a man, was that she was being married that she was the most familiar woman about her because she had gone through the situation in particular.
Wake-keep is the time when a mother is teaching her daughter all she knows about taking up the new born baby.
Sometimes, it is the mother who gives birth to a baby, the mother of her husband begins leaving her own education.
A woman who gives birth to a new baby is using the learning platforms and her mother is supervising her baby.
What a mother is doing on payroll
a mother will give her daughter what will make her breast dry better
The mother will be eating foods that will make her bread better.
The mother will be drinking water for her during the year and at other places she will wish, and tell her what will cause her fire (robb, aboniki)
a mother will give the baby new food, seed it and seed it.
she will love the new baby, and love it.
she will see that her child was seated on the top of the bus with warm water and contaminated drugs, which will make it possible for blood of infected rats to rise
It will be treating her today as she can do so far before she can do so.
a mother will be urging her daughter because she has been in the first position with herself
she will also do other househelps such as decorating a house and family feeds.
Importance of education
Learning is a time when a mother, her child and child use a good relationship called 'bonding' for this many mothers go wherever their child gives birth, both at home or overseas, to attend a minimum of three months or more.
she will fix her daughter on what her child's clothe means, whether she is married or molested.
Foods should be paid
The woman who gets to school has the foods she eat. Some are to remove the blood of her womb during the year when her child is inside. These foods are both false and diverse.
Over flood
Wash hot water
Ofe nsala
Water contained in the medicine
Tii is warm and warm
Suicide food
Shower and stockfish
Fire
Ehuru and ehu
Reception
Wedding
Every food will have good oath
Malaria is said to be preventive against other diseases such as diabetes.
Woman's food should not be ten in school
things that make it too cold
Fuel dispenser, fuel and fuel dispenser
Ahuekere
Every food has an abomination (woman does not eat it because she is being used to eat it during the first week)
Interesting stories
Is the bride price important today?
Have women been married as male?
five things that interest women
What is your desire for recourse?
Borrowers
Bill, a mother who comes to school will get something to be big.
Those who visit him will offer him various gifts such as money, wedding clothes, shoes, bags, various foods, and therefore, heaping.
'He will be sold with bags and bags that he will hand over to his neighbors when he lives.
The women of Ozubulu have made demonstration
The news stated that the women of Ozubulu used clothes for the prosecuting to the police headquarters in Amawbia to seek for adoption
St. Phillips church was attacked by armed persons last year
The women of Ozubulu in Ekwusigo and Anambra states went to the police station in Amawbia to request a siege to them.
They did this for the conviction among those thought to be attacking the churches in their town on 6th Aug last year
They say that these people are afraid that it is because of this they are looking for burial who will give witness against those who kidnapped them in court.
They carried out a heavy note with the words 'we want justice' and 'we want police' in court.
What a witness said about the death of Ozubulu
The spokesman of the police in Anambra Nkiruka Nwode told Igbo BBC that it is important for the women to take peaceful positions in their country
Nwode said that the women who are doing this begged the police for their conduct to court due to the loss of life in their community.
The police boss of Anambra state Garba Baba Umaru supported the women, asked them to go home.
Umaru told the women that 'if I am here, there is nothing to do for you, I will see that you got justice'.
What happened to Ozubulu
The gunmen went to St. Phillips church which was a catholic place and shot people where they were praying
the attack led to the lives of 11 people in the morning of August 6 2017
The news stated that it was a conflict between two people living in South Africa that caused the incident
This led to the investigation by the Nigerian and South African police on the matter.
Those accused of planning a ban on the offence were: Onyebuchi Mbanefo, 46, Chukwudi Ugwu, 30 and Great Chinedu Akpunonu, 44
The statement is still in court where witnesses are appearing on a daily basis.
Interesting stories
Tembershade market has been burnt
The value of education in Igbo culture
Two Nigerian soldiers have been killed in Plateau
The word people are disappointing me for being not disappointing me
In Igbo land, a woman of up to 30 years has been trained by encouragement, diligence and other various issues.
girls are followed by students
Gowns have not been married yet
Nkiru (we have not mentioned her father as we promised him) has been more than three decades working as a receptor in her office in Lagos but has not yet been married.
Nkiru told the BBC journalist that his position led to him abuse, harassment, aggression and unpleasant things from his family and relatives.
The last time I went home, our househelps told me that I had taken home if he said that I have no guy returned.
He also lamented that his uncle (her mother has died) did not give her and her uncle a woman that is enough for them because they have not been married.
Listen to what Nkiru said:
Our people asked me if I have gone to another house if I don't see a husband
In Igbo land, marriage is what is being married to a eldest man
According to a study published in the National Demographic and Health Survey in 2013 which shows that in Nigeria, women aged 15 to 19 respectively share 28.2 percent, while women aged 35 to 39 respectively share 89.4 percent.
The value of education in Igbo culture
Will this be ended in Igbo land?
This suggests that marriage is a tradition of ethnicity in Nigeria.
But if a woman does not get married or married, especially in the Eastern part of Nigeria, she is being looked into, harassing some of them, the pity of what they have created in life.
Jewelry and spaghetti?
According to scientists in the field of socio-economic activities, the general cause of violence or violence against women is culture and poor understanding.
In his remarks, Dr Adedeji Oyenuga who is a Sociology lecturer at the Lagos State University, explained that it is culture and that many parents see their child not properly as a sign of their child's inability.
It is from culture. There's a while a child is concerned with his father, but when the child gets to the oldest, a brother is expected to marry a woman, the sister is expected to marry a woman. If he does not do so, especially if he is a woman, the mother and her father will wear it as if they have been abortive in his education.
Dr Nkechi Emma-Echiegu who is a lecturer at Ebonyi State University also said that it is culture.
In Igbo land, it is the prayers of the parent, also the marriage ceremony of the parent
He went on to say that it is a bad culture that a woman is either treated or molested because she is not married.
Listen to his speech in detail:
What caused illness in time
Dr Adedeji Oyenuga said that the one who got away from time was a woman who got away from school which was able to make men go and dance her
Again is that women are more than men in number. He also said that men leave mostly where they are born go to more than women which made it difficult to marry a man.
Reactions to persecute a woman who has not been married
According to Oyenuga specialist, acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute acute ac
It said that it can cause various disasters including sensationalness, aggression, marriage, needlessness and hard death.
They said that having understanding will help to stop the bad culture that makes a woman not yet to be married as she has no respect.
In Oklahoma, a woman will go to jail for having her child.
A woman has been jailed for two years for having her daughter in Oklahoma, America
Patricia Ann Spann and her child,Misty Dawn Spann
This woman had already married her child.
Patricia Ann Spann, who was 45 years old, confirmed that she, with her daughter, Misty Velvet Dawn Spann, was 26 years old, struggled to school and had related relationships with her blood.
The woman had taken her children and they were meeting again in 2014
They married when it was adopted in the law for a woman to marry a woman or a man to marry a fellow man in the area.
The investigators found that Priscilla Ann Spann had been married to her child when the child was 18 years, while the child became married in 2010.
An interesting story
A former Catholic Priest has filed a complaint
Our people asked me if I have gone to another house if I don't see a husband
Dangote's son has gone to school in Kano
It was the visit department found for the woman and her child when they were visiting their home.
According to a report, Misty Spann canceled his relationship with his mother in October last year after she molested her mother in the relationship.
Misty Spann said that his mother told him that he was 'three lawyers who advised him that he would continue without having problems in the ring'.
Patricia Ann Spann said she believed their conspiracy was unconstitutional because she was not registered in her daughter's mother-in-law where they met each other two years before working.
Mr Spann claimed to have violated the law against bloodless sexual acts. He was awarded ten years for research and tourism and intellectual expertise in the field.
While her mother, Priscilla will focus on eight years' investigation on the jailing. Her name will be mentioned as a victim when coming out of prison.
According to the law in Oklahoma region, taking blood from a person is a blood attack whether they have or not have any relationship.
Igbo food: what you do not know about breadfruit you eat
Do not eat junk in Igbo, it is also an Igbo trademark.
positions
The womb is left before the womb is given.
Many Igbos know also that they do not know how to make birth before it is being eaten.
The tree has a seed that produces big browns called 'breadfruit' (breadfruit)
When he stepped from the floor, he was left to walk away before he was thrown out of the floor. Therefore, Igbos were afraid that 'he stepped into the floor until it stepped'.
Before coughing, it will take different doors such as:
His head
Fighting her
or to see it in light
The food tree to wear it
positions
Oil
Some include yams, maggies and also hashtag.
Some put footstep while some put footstep
Some even take palm wine
Some use chopsticks
Steam until it falls
How to wear it
these are the things you will do before taking your pregnancy
Boil your bed with water properly to make sure that it is dry or dry without the water.
Put it in a pressure pot and add water that will cover it properly
Some even add thickener or thickener to ease and stir very well
it will be dry and water in it will be added, water, petroleum and tuber crops.
Listen to it and the food items you put in it are too costly.
Relax and leave it warm and hygienic.
Rice is a food that is delicious and you can eat whether eating or not eating any food.
How to prepare it
Some towns like Urualla are come to Imo state, they do not solve their bottles of water. They drink it differently and drink it differently.
Some do not put oil in their bottles, while some put water inside the bottle which is being caused by them.
Both the coughs are preserved, eaten with eyelashes or browns today.
A lot of people use a palm tree to protest
How to protect your
It is being racially called before being paid for those who will buy it to travel to the overseas.
Before coughing, put it in water from night to morning. this will enable it to dry well and dry quickly when you eat it.
What she gives in body
Research by soil scientists showed that pepper contain lots of positive factors such as riboflavin, iron, niacin, tiamin, iron and phosforadic. It also contain potassium, copa, iron, magnitude, calcium, retain, magnanese, selenim and phosforadic and vitamin C.
It is good for human body. Some use their chickens to restore because they kill chickens called dandruff, striving to restore.
There are also little clothes known as saturated fats, cholesterol and natrium.
Some drink different spices while some consume it in its water.
other things you do not know about her
There are pepper grinder in some of the oils in the air to give it pleasure (flavour)
A spicy tree is made of a flour
It is also removed from oil
Interesting stories
She is complaining in Enugu about the visit of Fayose did there
We will take the government to court-ICSC
The value of education in Igbo culture
Dead and headaches have killed people
A medical practitioner and a medical doctor stated that types of whereas the disease is produced are different.
Where they are losing vegetables
Do not forget the evil forest where it is being lost to many diseases
People living in Ikosi, Isheri or Ketu and Lagos states are very bad to say from where the government is going to evacuate Olososun in Ojota.
Enugu state has this their own road along the road leading from Enugu to Port Harcourt.
The big bumbum came out from these places like the big bumbum in Lagos, some people that came here were disqualified for big bumbum
In Lagos, the news stated that one child died because he could not wake up because he died while everybody was found dead
With this, the Governor of Lagos Akinwunmi Ambode has shutdown the area for burial.
Government and communities are always holding canteen.
what people are saying
But the big hole is still there and people live here.
BBC Igbo called a man named Samuel Osaze was here on phone
He said malaria is the source of serious illness.
The dungeon is coming out because the government is constantly burning the place. And when I use the driver's road to my home, the overwhelming dungeon is roasting the whole area of the dungeon.
In 2013 Lagos Waste Management Agency LAWMA stated that Lagos' border is up to 13,000 tons of border
One medical practitioner, Dr. Ikechukwu Mgbolu said that death from a burial site caused various types of diseases such as cholera, taifod, malaria and fiva lasa.
He also stated that those with malaria (asthma) can't live close lives here
Mgbolu said: 'Last lives are conveying high rate of infection called 'upper respiratory infection' due to the loss of carbon monozide in the body.
Osaze said that the topic was being reversed between March and the annual census for this season being the rainy season.
Those who live in Lagos are missing her time on the road in Lagos
Osaze said, 'There are no open towns where bush fires are now being destroyed because they know that such activities are very disappointed.
Government should learn what is called incinerator and medication.
Governor Ambode has said that he will not spend any food elsewhere due to his various diseases
It is for the rest of the state to say what they will do in the area for burial between their communities.
Interesting stories
Buhari's cancelation of Rwanda travel
Are these banks robbery Nigerians?
A moving Uber car killed someone in America
A moving Uber car has killed a woman in Tempe town, Arizona, in America
Uber
Uber Company has expressed regret for the woman of the motorcycle that they killed
Uber, who are the producers of cars, have said that they have stopped the review of their ongoing driver's vehicle with a 49-year-old woman crossing the road in Tempe, Arizona.
According to the report, the tragic incident led to the Uber company to stop assessing the ongoing autonomous vehicles.
Uber President, Dara Khosrowshahi said on Twitter that the death was something of'repulsive'.
We are thinking of the affected family and we are working with the family to understand how things are done.
The accident does not affect Uber alone, it will impact positively on efforts in constructing self-sustaining vehicles for human travel.
Interesting stories
We will take the government to court-ICSC
Are these banks robbery Nigerians?
Putin will rule Russia for another six years
But if they go through a currency fluctuation group, it will increase the amount of money invested in education in Nigeria'
In the last few years, Nigeria has been plagued by currency fluctuation as its economy has survived due to the decline in the oil price index in the global market.
This condition led to the fact that, according to Uwaleke, Nigeria will not be able to follow the standards provided by the IMF.
Uwaleke said that if Nigeria has it now, that it would be difficult for him to pay his debt abroad because he will be expensive
An interesting story
What is Nigeria getting from CHOGM?
The Nigerians did not attend meeting in America
The police have blocked Dino Melaye's house
World Cancer Day: How I get cancer treatment-Winner of breast cancer
Gloria Orji is a Igbo lady who wins cancer and is very happy, she says where she wins cancer, anyone who will wins cancer
Cancer is a dangerous disease that threatren the world on how it kills people
The worst is those who seek treatment but there is no treatment.
The theme of the 2019 Cancer Day celebration is 'I can, you can' which means we all can fight against cancer.
But Miss Gloria who discovered her breast cancer in 2010, called her, knew that everything else that happened to her is sickness.
In his words, 'Kansa is not a death sentence', now, it has been pointing out that women with cancer are suffering.
He told BBC Igbo how he defeated the world with this disease.
Bill Cosby has been convicted of violence against women
Bill Cosby might jail up to thirty years for raping woman
Bill Cosby
Bill Cosby is well known as a boxer
The American court has ruled that the girl's man, Bill Cosby is known for three charges.
it is Andrea Constand who was a former basketball player who was prosecuting Cosby in court as then in 2004
Release Nnamdi Kanu on his trial day
The court has ordered the arrest of Innoson
Cosby is 80 years, is still denying the allegation, but decision can put him in jail for 30 years
This is the second time Cosby is contesting in court for violence against women.
Bill Cosby is well known in the video called 'The Cosby Show'.
Many women are still accusing Cosby of rape but Cosby said that they are all false.
An interesting story
MASSOB - Ebere Buhari is doing nothing
look at the variety of foods produced from cassava root.
Codeine, sprayer
Codeine, blackmail, is the news of the death of young Nigerians according to a report released by BBC.
Codeine, blackmail, is the news of the death of young people in Nigeria.
The BBC reporters conducted an indiscriminate investigation into how drug producers, dealers and consumers sells drugs to children in violation of Nigeria's laws.
Codeine flash: Emzor has sacked workers
Emzor Pharmaceuticals have expelled one of their worker for discovery report, Codeine Joymegbu, made by BBC
A man who takes cough drug, Copdeine
Reports say that politicians are giving drugs to youths as gifts.
The Nigerian drug manufacturer, Emzor Pharmaceuticals, has sacked one worker, and two workers have been suspended due to their involvement in the spread of codeine, illegally, as the BBC's investigative report showed that the spread has ended the lives of Nigerian youths.
Emzor sacked one of their brokers who sold a medical BBC journalist, Emzolyn syrup.
They said this on social media as BBC released their videos on Monday night of April 30.
In the video that reached an hour, a group of drug dealers including one Emzor staff was displayed on their home offer to people with insecticide.
Iwe and price rejected those who came for the show of the video which was displayed in Lagos yesterday
One person said that they were politicians who put oil in the fire in Kano as he said that they were giving the youths this medicine as a gift.
But the Emzor office has said that they are not offering drugs incorrectly.
They also said that they have stopped selling Emzolyn with Codeine until they will undertake investigation on allegedly selling the false drugs illegally.
Emzor stopped one of their markets and eventually rescued it from work.
Emzor Pharmaceuticals are authocratic and authocratic companies.
They have more than one hundred and twenty-one permission to sell drugs including Emzolyn Codeine from NAFDAC.
They went on to say: Emzolyn Codeine's distribution has been stopped after full investigation.
In a conversation with the BBC and J.C Okafor the head in charge of training and pharmacists in Nigeria in the Eastern Region, he stated that there is a law that protects the spread of codeine fake drugs, and that any company found that they are distracting it illegally, it would be closed.
Okafor said, 'We have a plan on how cough drug is distributed with codeine in Nigeria which made it impossible for a person to prepare it without a doctor's charge.
Whenever any company found to have breached the law, we are doing it.
The Nigerian crowd in social media is blaming Emzor for their hands on those in the serious problem of drinking cough drug among the young people.
One person asked the company: So, if the BBC is not disclosing the findings, your company will not do anything to stop the overdose of this drug among the youth?
Do foreign workers know not what they are doing?
Another person, Mairo Mandara, called for government to ban the consumption of cough drug containing codeine.
Codeine: NAFDAC has attacked four companies and blocked many drugs
NAFDAC said that they will strive to stop all the agencies in charge of codeine drug abuses in Nigeria
NAFDAC officials
All time as NAFDAC is attacking the drug producing industry in Nigeria
The Nigeria Food and Drug Security Agency (NAFDAC) has attacked four drug producing companies in Lagos, Ilorin and Kano.
The attack, following the BBC's investigation, showed how people spoilt cough drug with codeine.
NAFDAC said that the attack they did, showed that the agency still manufacturing cough drug containing codeine more than the federal data provided for them to produce.
Mmachi Codeine: Does Dextromethorphan go on to discuss?
Government has banned codeine
Codeine flash: Emzor has sacked workers
The wife of the president has shocked about codeine
NAFDAC chairman, Mojisola Adeyeye, told journalists that now, they are investigating the role of the four BBC showcased on their show.
In his words: 'We have closed many drugs containing codeine in the drug producing industry in Ilorin.
Bioraj Pharmaceuticals said that they have suspended their job manager, Junaid Hassan, and Emzor said that they have suspended their manager, Chukwunonye Madubuike.
Both of them appeared in the BBC video as those who buy codeine.
But spokesmen are saying that government should damnate the agency more than investigate on them.
Other interesting stories
Four roads of journalist's appearance were on duty.
The court has refused to release Dino Melaye to June 11
Buhari has left his US trip to shut down Nigeria
The Nigerian president Muhammadu Buhari has left the United States to close Nigeria after he returned to London.
Muhammadu Buhari
Buhari and Trump discussed against terrorist group
The Nigerian president, Muhammadu Buhari has traveled to the United States to visit Nigerian president, Donald Trump.
The aircraft struck at the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, Abuja at 10pm.
Some government workers went to welcome him.
The spokesman of the president Femi Adesina told the press when the vehicle collapsed.
President Buhari will visit the United States
See what Buhari and Trump discussed
Four ways Buhari has defeated Trump
Buhari who left Washington DC on Tuesday after a meeting with Trump in London.
The president's spokesman in media is Garba Shehu, whose position was the stop of the accident to investigate the airplanes said it was because the heavy heart of the president's journey was still on the track of reconciliation.
He also said that Buhari had a little bit of traveling and was not happy to make it a travel, why he stopped in Britain.
Shehu said the suspension was about putting oil in his flights and examining the field before arriving Nigeria.
He said that he is not happy that the president has accepted Nigeria.
But see what people are saying on soshal media:
Interesting stories
Only one can admit that Buhari has done well
NAFDAC has attacked four companies for codeine
Do you know that murder for someone who wants to die is bad in Nigeria?
President Buhari has visited London again for health travel
President Muhammadu Buhari is going to see his doctor who told him to come for his care and treatment.
Buhari
He has not spent a week Buhari coming from America where he and Donald Trump had a meeting.
President Muhammadu Buhari will travel to London today where he is receiving treatment due to his fever.
The president's spokesman Garba Shehu wrote that the president will have four days in that journey.
He said that the time the president went to London for regulating and putting oil in his flights when he returned from America, he made a meeting with his doctor
Buhari has left his US trip to shut down Nigeria
Buhari will travel to UK today
Why did Buhari come to Lagos?
He said that his doctor told him to reject which the president promised him to come
The president will return on Saturday, May 12th.
Shehu said that when he comes, he will visit Jigawa state, a journey changed for the APC meeting.
The meeting will be held on Monday 14 and Tuesday 15th this month being May
Remember that the president is receiving treatment in London but he does not tell Nigeria what it takes for.
An interesting story
Lagos: 2131 women are HIV positive
45 corpses have been discovered in Gwaska
The Igbos will no longer fight for independence
Sweet sweet codeine: NAFDAC has shutdown 3 pharmaceutical industry working with codeine
Nafdac has shutdown Bioraj, Peace and Emzor pharmacies for illegal distribution of codeine contained in fake drugs.
Codeine, sprayer
Many youths are suffering from various types of disease due to the high consumption of cough drug
The NAFDAC has shutdown 3 pharmaceutical industries; Bioraj Pharmaceutical Limited, Emzor Pharmaceuticals Ind.
Ltd and Peace Standard Pharmaceutical Limited are partners in the field of illegal trafficking and trade of fake drugs with codeine.
BBC released a recent report by the secret doctor's inquiry that broke out the three-storey agencies used the drug backdoor, which was alleged that only a time for the medical doctor's inquiry was given to the youths.
Codeine, rumour
Codeine flash: Emzor has sacked workers
Government has banned codeine
In the letter issued by the President of Nafdac, Mosisola Adeyeye, the closure followed their investigation as they fled into the industry.
Since we have not achieved adequate evidence in the attempt to prevent the expulsion of the visa, we conducted our investigations on May 2 at their office in Ilorin, Lagos, it is necessary that these three companies of market production be closed – Peace Standard Pharmaceutical Limited ; Bioraj Pharmaceutical Limited and Emzor Pharmaceuticals Ind Ltd.
This is to enable adequate investigation.
Nafdac is doing these investigations about the discovery of the drug by BBC