The news that will interest you
Joseph Achuzie, Dike Biafra has gone
Dapchi: The government has not defeated Boko Haram - Massob
Tottenham is hoping to win FA cup in Rochadale's victory
Son Heung-min, Fernando Llorente and Kyle Walter- Peters of Tottenham were Rochadale's finalists in yesterday's competition.
Son Heung-min of Tottenham and his team are hearing when he scored a goal in FA cup.
Tottenham has won FA Cup eight times
In sports, Tottenham team scored Rochadale's six goals to one in FA competition.
This victory means Tottenham and Swansea will compete in the Quarter Final in FA match for the 17th of March.
Son Heung-min scored the first and fifth goals. Fernando Llorente scored three goals in the twelve minutes of the second round, whereas Kyle Walter- Peters scored the first goal.
Son Heung-min stops Rochadale's team
What will happen next?
Tottenham will go to Wembley Stadium on March 3; they will compete with Huddersfield in Premier League cup, before they will compete with Juventus in Champions League on March 7
Rochdale's team has 16 competitions to save to relegation in league one.
Their first match will be with Plymouth on March three.
The news that will interest you
Guardiola has lifted his first cup in England
Champions League: Neymar has defeated
Police commander: Open cows before prohibiting their hunting.
The police chief has told the governors that it is still the way to open a cattle farm before they prohibit cattle rearing in their states.
Ibrahim Idris
The police chief Ibrahim Idris has decreed that the state be the ground for cattle rearing before it collapses
The chief of police said this yesterday in kaduna at a meeting affected by local security, he said that it will help to solve problems between farmers and herdsmen.
He went on to say that the problem in Benue was that the state government had not set up cattle bars before prohibiting cattle rearing.
At the meeting with the theme, 'The development of the country: The security crisis and the need to find adequate solutions,' the crisis between farmers and herdsmen did not develop during the presidency of Muhammdu Buhari.
Idris said: In my mind, to reduce the gap between farmers and herdsmen, the state government will try to build herdsmen in their states before deciding to stop cattle rearing.
The news that will interest you
The market has burned in Alaba International
For Achuzia, we will see that Biafra is fulfilled
In Imo state, the zoo has many wildlife.
The Imo state zoo has a variety of wildlife.
Different animals are in their camp in Imo state.
These animals are also built with proper houses to live well.
George Weah’s son Timothy has begun to compete in PSG
Timothy Weah had attended PSG while his father, George Weah, was a good musician from 1992 to 1995
Timothy Weah
Will Timothy Weah do well as his father does as people think?
The son of the president of Liberia George Weah named Timothy Weah has started playing in PSG club, whereas his father played before.
Timothy appeared on yesterday as PSG and Troyes contended.
While Neymar and Kylian Mbappe were not in the race for their injury, Angel di Maria and Christopher Nkunku were PSG goal winners in the competition.
Neymar and Mbappe without him gave Weah the chance to play in this competition.
George Weah scored 55 goals in PSG
Timothy's father, George Weah played for PSG before, 23 years ago, before going to AC Milan.
PSG has 10 competitions, of which they should win 17 if they are to win the French League cup this year.
They will meet with Real Madrid on Tuesday to play their second match for the Champions League. In the first round, Real Madrid won them 3-1
The player Neymar will not compete again in this season because of his injury.
The news that will interest you
The Nigerian government has sent an airplane to search for Dapchi's children
A man has killed his children in Awada
Fear of the Fulani herdsmen has caught many
Charly Boy has said that he needs special youths to rule Nigeria
Charles Oputa, who was known by Charly Boy, expressed his anger concerning the Nigerian government system.
Prominent as Nigerian King of Youth Charly Boy said that he is not happy with the situation of Nigeria.
When the Igbo BBC interviewed him, he asked 'Why is it that it is the bad ruler of Nigeria?
Charly Boy said that he is looking for special youths to prepare for taking the leadership of Nigeria.
'I am distressed since 35 years ago that Nigeria's salvation will be for special youths,' said Charly Boy.
Oscars 2018: Kobe Bryant is among the winners
American basketball player Kobe Bryant has been among the winners of this video.
Kobe Bryant, a well - known American football player
Special victory- Kobe Bryant has won
Surprisingly, Kobe Bryant was famous for the American basketball competition to have won the Oscars.
He got this for the video of a child-time film.
See the other Oscars awarded this morning.
Winners:
The Shape of Water has the award of the Best Picture.
Frances McDormand got the 'Best actress' for Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
The winner of 'Best actor' Gary Oldman for Darkest Hour
Guillermo Del Toro Receives 'Best Director' for The Shape of Water
Get Out of Jordan Peele's Best original screenplay
Oscars 2018: what the spectators wear appears in the generation
The highest awards in Hollywood have arrived
See also photos of people's clothes on the red carpet
Danai Gurira made the show of Black Panther and Walking Dead on his head
The award of the Academy Awards as the 90th Oscars took place at night when people showed their suit.
See what the actors dressed for the occasion.
Daniel Kaluuya
Daniel Kaluuya, British actor of the Get Out series, was among the Oscars ’ titles
lupita Nyong'o
lupita Nyong'o got Oscars in 2012 for his 12 Years a Slave
Jennifer Lawrence
Jennifer Lawrence's garment of the Hunger Games star is like a silver Oscar
Andara Day
Andara Day, an American singer and songwriter, lying on a red carpet, told people to look at her clothes.
Oscars 2018: Onward
Black Panther is performing well
Africa was shown at Black Panther's inauguration ceremony
Black Panther: what do you mean in this movie?
Tom Holland
Tom Holland performed Spider Man in ideal dress and came to pronounce the name of the winner of this ceremony.
Chadwick Boseman
Chadwick Boseman is the king of Wakanda's village T Challa in the Black Panther movie wearing Givenchy's uniform came to Oscars.
Ashley Judd
Ashley Judd who participated in the Time's Up talk was dressed in yellow red carpet
Adam Rippon
Adam Rippon in the Olympic Games called figure skating caused people to shave him as he dressed in a haircut made it appear to have produced from the movie Fifty Shades Of Grey.
Salman Hayek
Halman Sayek dressed in purple.
Darrell Britt-Gibson
Photographers have joined as Darrell Britt-Gibson performed Three Billboards on red carpet
Whoopi Goldberg
Whoopi Goldberg's uniform is like a dragon eserese in his body
Patrick Stewart
Sir Patrick Stewart made a full - costume X-men showing Time's Up in his garment to have a full - costume photo
Sally Hawkins
Sally Hawkins, a British member of the titles for his film The Shape of Water, laughed at the stars
Saoirse Roman
Saoirse Roman released Lady Bird's red carpet Oscars after 10 years after his first appearance in 2008 while he was still a 13 - year - old boy
Meryl Streep
Meryl Streep has been named for 21 Oscars since her career
Margot Robbie
Margot Robbie played Tonya's beautiful role in his red carpet
Tiffany Haddish
Tiffany Haddish created a beautiful African garment that identifies Eritrean women in Ethiopia
All these images contain copyright.
What other African nations are doing better than Nigeria in movies
As to the world's highest sound recording called Oscars, the African community shows Nigeria 100
Oscars
2018 is the 90th anniversary of Oscars' ascension to Hollywood
After Oscars which is the world's most popular Festival of Booths, the BBC Igbo surveyed and saw that other African countries are better than Nigeria on the subject.
Oscars 2018: In Central Africa and Nigeria
The BBC noted that while some Nigerian producers of films are adding some Hollywoods to their films, it hasn't led them to participate in any Hollywood youth.
Nollywood movie producers in Nigeria and other parts of Africa are among the main characters, other African nations have shown them more.
lupita Nyong, who lives in Kenya, America, won the award of 'the best actress' in 2013
In recent years, Nigeria has been seen as a'hero' in a movie in Africa, but now it is like other people who have passed through it.
Since Nollywood itself is producing more than 1000 films in one year, Hollywood is producing less than that but it does not say that they are expected to be the best producers in the world.
But as far as Africa, Kenya and South Africa are showing Nigeria superiority as it dealt with awards and Oscars.
From head to head in South Africa
What concerns me is security and local economy.
How the senators borrow Nigerian money
See who has his hand in the senatorial chair.
Nigerian youth has challenged Buhari for calling them'laziness'
Nigerian youths do not agree with Buhari's statement that they are lazy.
Muhammadu Buhari
Nigerians are saying that the president Muhammadu Buhari is missing them in foreign countries at some time.
People are still meddling in the issue of 'umengwu' that the president of Nigeria called the youths.
While Buhari went to London for the Commonwealth meeting called CHOGM, he said that Nigerian youths are lazy.
This statement did not make many Nigerians laugh, which led them to show their anger on social media.
Buhari's three words'moved Nigeria'
The youths are offended by Buhari's words
The president cannot accuse Nigerians
Buhari's spokesman Femi Adesina said that Nigerians misunderstood what he said.
Adesina's comments do not stop people from expressing their feelings.
#LazyNigerianYouths
Many of them went on to demonstrate their profession and said that they are not lazy despite the poor health of Nigeria.
One white man was involved in the matter.
Some said how they trained themselves in school through their efforts.
Some said that they will not stay with Buhari in 2019
One man with teasing showed a disabled person who is still working with him
Who will be the new head of Commonwealth?
Commonwealth leaders are meeting to determine if this Welsh princess will replace her mother as head of the department.
Elizabeth’s lady
This English woman wants her son Charles to succeed him in office
Commonwealth leaders are meeting to discuss whether this Welsh princess will replace her mother as chairman of the 53 state union.
On Tuesday the British woman decided that her son Charles would rule a group called CHOGM in Buckingham Palace.
He said that he wanted his son Charles to rule ChOGM someday.
But the post is not what Ezenwa is giving to her child if he dies.
It is expected that the Commonwealth chairmen will decide who will rule them if they meet in Windsor Castle but there has been no indication that it will be declared the matter at the meeting.
Is it not possible for anyone else to take up commonwealth?
BBC journalist James Landale said that the post is moving among Commonwealth countrymen.
But the president of South Africa Cyril Ramaphosa has shut down his course at a meeting in London to see why the attack is taking place in his country.
Attack is taking place in the mountains of South Africa where protesters say they are still given jobs, homes and damages.
What is the role of Commonwealth chairman?
The position of Ezenny Britain is very important.
The department is gathering 53 countries to ensure that Commonwealth standards are what has come true.
This includes uniting these countries through trade and international partnership.
An interesting story
Chimamanda said that someone had attacked her
The president cannot accuse Nigerians
Nigerian youth has challenged Buhari
The chairman of these agencies is visiting all countries in the same group, in order to make the commitment firm.
The leaders of the group are making a decision about who will be their leader.
Prime Minister Theresa May and Prime Minister of Canada Justin Trudeau have supported Charles' eldest son
What is CHOGM?
CHOGM is Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting in English.
It is the Commonwealth Parliament, which is held every two years.
Those who do it are the fifty-three prime ministers and their families, their spokesmen and journalists.
The annual meeting held in London, the last time in 2015 was in Valletta in Malta.
The money laid in Imo will not go to our bags- spokesperson for Rochas
Imo state government says the tax plan is not their fault, but they will support it with ten million naira.
Rochas Okorocha and King of Ogoni, King Godwin Gininwa
The election of Rochas Okorocha will end in 2019
As the report explains that Imo state government has told all the older men who are qualified to work for three thousand naira, Imo state government explains that it did not pay them the price of this money.
Ebere Iwuji, the governorship spokesman in connection with the media, told Igbo BBC on the telephone that this price is a price to be paid only once.
He also said that the projects that are carried out by the local people in Imo state will be financed by money.
Although the news says that it is six million naira that still resembles one country, Nzewuji said there is no name for any money, as residents now should pay the tax.
Nzewuji from 'Ego will not enter the Imo state government's bag, it belongs to various community departments of the Community Government Council (CGC).
Nzewuji went on to say that Imo state government will use ten million naira to support the country which has borrowed the money, while they are hoping that it will be used to accommodate industries and other needs of the country.
It is thought that everyone who wants to make progress will want to support it, especially where they are involved in the development of the country, Nzewuji said.
Nzewuji went on to explain that none of the national kings have taken away the salary for the matter.
Listen to its description in detail here:
Other stories that will comfort you:
Why Nigerians give tithes
The president cannot accuse Nigerians
The news of this night: Buhari is the father of Nigeria
What is the party that will want to eliminate APC?
The 2019 elections are as decisive as some party are seeking to put APC in office in 2019.
Olusegun Obasanjo
Olusegun Obasanjo took the lead in 1999
Many party members in the leadership called APC and stakeholders in Nigeria are trying to remove Buhari's leadership in 2019.
Reports say that many parties can initiate unification in the coming week in order to predict any turmoil in the coming elections.
Included in the party's coordination are these parties: the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), some leaders of the All Progressives Congress (APC), the Social Democratic Party, and other small parties of up to 13
and Coalition for Nigeria Movement (CNM) of the former president of Nigeria, Olusegun Obasanjo.
A union of Obasanjo has been formed
2019 election: Keyamo is Buhari's spokesman
Buhari: I will contest for 2019
APC took the lead in 2015
The former president in Nigeria, the military chiefs who have retired including a soldier of T.Y Danjuma are supporting the packaging.
In the case of the one who raised the lead in the election, 'This will not be like the APC revolution.
We do not address the INEC office with the name of a change.
This new party will give everyone the opportunity to express his heart.'
Those in the house of senate and as many as 19 governors are also advocating it as a shell.
PDP ruled Nigeria for 16 years before the APC took control of them
The PDP, on the other hand, is under consideration whether they will change their party name.
The party chairman, Uche Secondus said that he and his team are still considering it.
But people are saying that instead of changing names, the PDP sets out strategies to resolve Nigeria and remove APC from office.
The news that will interest you
Three thousand naira tax in Imo
Those receiving treatment have arrested health workers
Nigerian youth has challenged Buhari
Death Attacks the Church of Father 'Ebube myrrh'
Protestants attacked the Catholic Church in Uke Anambra State injured many and damaged 30 vehicles.
Youths struggle with death
Idol worship is a traditional ritual known as the Igbos
The martyrs at the ceremony, 'Why' in Uke in Idemili North Local Government in Anambra State attacked the Catholic Prayer Congregation and destroyed more than thirty vehicles, injured many of the people, whereas one of their hands was thought to have been killed on Saturday.
The Chief Priest of the church, Father Emmanuel Obimma, notoriously known as 'Ebube of Spirit' and other priests, and the enthroned women who were there rescued the youths who attacked God's worshipers on their night watch on Friday night into the early morning of Saturday.
The inspector Francis Okoye told BBC reporter on the phone that the dead attacked the meeting place at about 8 : 00 p.m. and injured more people and damaged more than 30 vehicles.
Aguleri and Igboukwu are not the beginning of the Igbos
A man has killed his children in Awada
After the events, we counted their damaged vehicles and counted three.
They wounded many people.
Someone whom they admired was taken to the hospital.
We do not know whether he is alive or dead.
It was apparent that Uke youths did what was planned to torture the church because, 'Solars are being done', death begins at 6 : 00 p.m. and the mosquitoes invaded the church after 8 : 00 p.m.
They started to beat people coming to church by car, taking their money and phone calls from them.
Death destroyed many vehicles in the congregation
The security officers tried their best to stop them from damaging things but when we saw that things were happening too much, we called the police.
They came and arrested some of them.
The Anambra State policely said that the church in Uke was attacked by the dead but they said that nobody died.
The state police spokesman, Nkiru Nwode told the BBC that 'We are investigating what happened there after three deaths.
The news said that this was not the first time the local youths were attacking those attending this special Catholic meeting every night on Friday that attracted more than twenty parts every week.
Those in the area said that the local youths are persecuting drivers and churchgoers who rob them of money and beat some things.
In the aftermath, they beat the officer of Father Obimma which caused the commander to contact the police who had arrested the youths and left them when the king of the city and the elders fought.
It was alleged that youths who are tormenting younger men who are driving people to the church regularly
The news that will interest you
Up to 88,000 children can die of starvation
Benue: lawyers have killed 20 people
What is the party that will want to eliminate APC?
Ezeife: Igbo will ask Buhari again
Ezeife and some spokesmen have said that telling Igbo to support Buhari to get a position in 2023 is a treachery.
Chukwuemeka Ezeife and some Igbo elders
Chukwuemeka Ezeife, the former governor of Igbo-Ukwu and Anambra state is one spokesperson for Igbo people in Nigeria
The Igbos have said that the Nigerians will reject President Buhari's support in the 2019 election as they did in 2015.
They cautioned Ndigbo to know that quickly if they were supportive of President Buhari in the next election in 2019 and the position of the president that will reach Igbo is the vow given to a woman on a waist, as it is a treachery.
In the aftermath, the members of the APC, including the Minister of Transportation, Rotimi Amaechi, the secretary of the Federal Government, Boss Mustafa and also the chairman of the Voice of Nigeria, Osita Okechukwu, urged the Igbos to compare Buhari in 2019, so that they will reach them in 2023.
Give Good president 2019 - Balarabe Musa
Igbos are being oppressed as the winners of war.
But some honesthearted people said that the matter was a fraud to win the Igbos votes, saying that people like Buhari voted the Igbos for his election in 2015, that they would not give him in the 2019 elections.
In a conversation with the Sun with the former Governor of Anambra State, Dr Chukwuemeka Ezeife said: 'It wasn't seen how it would be done.
We don't think we should appeal to the people for the presidency.
I reasoned that we should go to God, who knows that if an Igbos take the lead as president, the Fulani, who are good to the Yoruba, are good to the thoughtful regions of Nigeria because we are going to adjust the economic situation of Nigeria to continue.
Speaking about 2023 is an insult, everyone saying it is to deceive the Nigerians.'
Similarly, the former Chairman of Ohanaeze Ndigbo, Dozie Ikedife, said that the Igbos are those who have promised to get the office of president does not mean anything in the past.
He told the Sun news agency: 'Igbos have made many such promises in the past, and our residents have been deceived.
If someone deceives you twice or three times, it comes to the fourth, you think to do.
The power of the land is boring
Ikedife went on to say: 'I am concerned about the one who will be legally established and the discussion of Biafra and not fighting or provoking anyone.'
Remember that in 2015, many of the Igbos did not compare Buhari's electorial paper that led him to reject the 95 per cent of those who supported him and those who gave him five per cent of the same debt, many hoping he was fulfilled by the people he had given office since he entered the office.
The news that will interest you
Morse attacked the Catholic church in Anambra
Up to 88,000 children can die from starvation
Benue: lawyers have killed 20 people
An immoral man has attacked a restaurant in the United States
The police are looking for a man who attacked the diners to kill four while four others were injured.
The tent where the incident occurred
The police found guns to attack the hospital
The police said that a man has killed four people in a restaurant in Nashville in the United States.
The man fled into the restaurant at 8 : 00 a.m. in Antioch and started shooting people.
Four others were also injured before another diner snatched a black gun from him, he ran away.
The police have given the name of the man, twenty-year-old Travis Reinking from Illinois where they are looking for him.
An interesting story
Morse attacked the Catholic church in Anambra
Up to 88,000 children can die of starvation
Benue: lawyers have killed 20 people
Soyinka: tears in 2019
Wole Soyinka
Nobel winner Wole Soyinka has said that good government has failed in Nigeria
Wole Soyinka warns Nigerians to
Wole Soyinka who is also the famous secretary of the book has warned Nigerians not to allow them to be fooled again by the politicians in the coming 2019 election.
Soyinka, who said this Sunday at the anniversary of the birth of the famous lawyer, Gani Fawehinmi in Lagos said that Nigeria and democracy are in trouble now.
He is from those who put Nigeria in the trouble now by their initiative, they have been again prepared as rescuers for the coming election, and he advised Nigerians to reject the old politicians to allow the new leaders to take the lead.
Buhari has had a discussion with the APC leaders
Wole Soyinka: Get together as an elder rests
He said: 'It is not suspected that democracy is in trouble.
It's not as long as democracy, we are in trouble with the country.
I don't think there's a time and a lifetime in the world, especially in this land when all expectations fall like this.
We all know this.
The question is, do we see it as a way of salvation so that we and their bodies can continue to do the things that happened in our country that are hard to deal with?
It is not a new story of the need to do something that will challenge Nigeria's unification.
It is a mystery that those who are enemies of the government who personally introduced a plan that brought us to our situation today are those who imply that they show themselves as saviors of the country that is hoping for, the country has a population of 200 million.
Soyinka went on to admonish Nigerians to wash their tears to escape.
The news that will interest you
Morse attacked the Catholic church in Anambra
Up to 88,000 children can die of starvation
Benue: lawyers have killed 20 people
He twisted me that while speaking about saving Nigeria's land, one or two means those who have those taking the lead.
It is also said that people are being suspicious because of the people who have become suspicious of themselves and the group who have contributed to Nigeria's posture of democracy today.
Why did Nigerians not attend a trade meeting in America?
Nigeria's government has confessed about what happened in a meeting of those who want to invest in Nigeria and the ministry in America.
Yemi Osibanjo and Abuja
Yemi Osibanjo was among the people in the book that organized them as a meeting.
Many representatives of Nigeria's government are amazed that they are part of the Nigerian and American Commission in Washington DC.
The coming of the government did not make people wonder that Nigeria would not get borrowed money from overseas.
Those who should attend include the Vice President Yemi Osinbajo, Minister of Economic Affairs Kemi Adeosun, Minister of Petroleum Ibe Kwachukwu, Minister of Agriculture Audu Ogbeh, Minister of Technology Ogbonnaya Onu, Minister of Information Lai Mohammed, Minister of economics Kayode Fayemi and Minister of commerce Okechukwu Enelamah.
Taxes on tobacco and wine have invested
Switzerland has agreed to return Abacha’s money
One who is saddened by the government's actions is Emir of Kano Sanusi Lamido, who has worked as bank coordinator in Nigeria.
What Sanusi said
Sansi said that the one promoting investment in Africa, 'he has Nigeria, he has Ghana, he has Rwanda, Kenya and South Africa.'
He went on to say, 'Nigeria can be more powerful than all other people in trafficking, but it might say instead of putting 500 dollars in Nigeria, to put 100 dollars in Ghana, 100 dollars in Rwanda, 100 dollars in the Code Vuwa, to win the awards of propaganda.'
We went to meet with those who had their savings in the country, we should start at nine o'clock, and we should start at ten o'clock.
When I arrived there, they took me to the house of the representative of Nigeria.
Those who attended the meeting were there, the vice president was not, the ministers were not, Sanusi said.
Sanusi said that the incident was wrong, because it shows that Nigeria had not been prepared for what was being said.
He said,'You invite people to hear how trade is done in Nigeria, but you don't come.
Even this is not how to find people who will invest in Nigeria.
If the meeting is organized by Rwanda, their president, Kagame, will be there inviting people to Rwanda.
People were also involved in the issue on social media.
The person with the @SegunAndrews mark agrees with Sanusi's statement.
But, the government has said that they are not the case.
Le Mohammed the Minister of Public Relations sends a message explaining that it is not true that those who should attend the meeting will not attend.
Mohammed explains that the ministers mentioned in the ceremony did not get literature from them, nor did they sit in Washington DC during the convention.
He said that the Minister of Agriculture, Agriculture and Agriculture has not obtained literature despite the fact that their names are in the literature that will speak of.
Minister of commerce and himself accompanied the president to a meeting of the ruling members of Commonwealth countries in London.
The minister of finance is in Washington DC, but it is for the meetings of the world banks on IMF.
He also went on to say that the minister of the media and culture got a report, but he answered and told the organizers that he would not go up for other things that his husband and wife would not do.
Lai Mohammed said that 'They indicated that it should not be said that the ministers refused to attend the meeting.
Do not let Igbo die
Ikeogu Oke won $ 100,000 as the best writer in Nigeria in 2017.
The winner of the award as the most important writer in Nigeria in 2017 Ike Oke has said that Igbo language will not die if the Igbos call it necessary.
Ikeogu won $ 100,000 as the Nigerian Prize of Literature for his book The Heresiad'.
The reason why the book is different is that it was written in the process that the Igbos used to read.
In a discussion with BBC Igbo, Mr Oke spoke about the preservation of Igbo language, and who he thought should be in his hands.
The federal government has stated what to do with Abacha's savings
Kemi Adeosun the minister of finance has said what the federal government will do with Abacha money in Nigeria
Kemi Adeosun and Christine Lagarde are chairmen of the IMF
The Nigerian government has approved the use of more than three hundred million dollars of Abacha funds restored by the Swiss government.
Minister of Economic Affairs Kemi Adeosun has said that the money will buy civilians as President Buhari promised during his campaign.
He said this while he is addressing the journalists at the conclusion of the world's financial sector, the IMF is fast-tracking that happened in Washington and the United States.
Adeosun also said that the money has been deposited in a special pocket in the Nigerian bank called the CBN in order to start developing strategies that will help the poor.
Taxes on tobacco and wine have invested
Senate has summoned the head of the banks
In its message spreading, it said the federal government hoped that they developed their plan, in a way that would be better for Nigeria.
In his voice 'we include these strategies in the production, the economy of Nigeria will rise'
What does Nigeria get from CHOGM?
Igbo man has defeated Big Brother Naija
Did Nigerians not attend meetings in America?
Three things that result from a lot of money change rates
The IMF urged Nigeria to summarize its currency change rate to one, while experts are saying the consequences of many.
Naira
EFCC said that Umar wants a million naira
To stabilize Nigeria's currency change, the IMF has advised Nigeria to unite its currency change.
Nigeria has at least five currency changes ; one for importers of fuel in Nigeria, one for nomadic travelers in Saudi Arabia, one for nomadic Christians, another for educators in overseas and one set up by the government.
As experts in economics Pat Utomi and Uche Uwaleke explained to BBC journalist, many monetary changes were accidental.
Here are some of the tragedies of many financial changes:
It causes injury
Pat Utomi explained that he is doing 'the person who knows who has the opportunity to buy money out of price and use it for sale, but the person who needs the money to import what he will produce in the country without knowing who can't afford it.
It's not good for business progress.
Where Abacha money will enter
Currency Change: Has dollar collapsed beside Nira?
In his speech, Uche Uwaleke gave an estimate, 'As the government change rate is N305, which is sold to the person, it can leave the offer, sell it to another N365, which gets interest. But if there is a change of money, you can't turn it over.'
It extinguishes industrious and industrial fires in the country.
Uwaleke said that the majority of economic changes are inevitable.
As soon as they are going to do, the price of money is reduced, the price of produce is reduced.
Destroying community economy integration
Utomi said, 'If people are reaching the price of exchange money to send their children to the country for education, it will make everyone wanting to send their children to the country, the schools in the country will fail.
Saraki and Ekweremadu: What people are saying about their restraint
Ekweremadu 'covered his riches'
Nigeria's peace has been restored to Ekweremadu's hand
If 108 senators are in Ekweremmadu's house now, it means they are all in his house.
Remember that the Senate decreed that the security workers should immediately leave the house of the senate vice president, Ike Ekweremadu, where they attacked today.
Ekweremadu was prevented from coming out of his house in the morning, preventing him from attending the presidential meeting that was held today, whereas up to 14 senators left APC to PDP.
Uche Anichukwu the spokesman for Ekweremadu, told the Igbo BBC that the EFCC prevented him from leaving his house in Abuja, that it was not the DSS as we wrote earlier.
@MrBanks Omishore, a special assistant to Bukola Saraki, wrote a letter sent by the EFCC to Ekweremadu this morning, on Twitter.
In the letter, the EFCC stated that they wanted to investigate Ekweremadu for negotiating, breaking his office's license and borrowing the money called the'money laundering'.
As Saraki entered the house of senate and started the plenary, he said that Ekweremdu had not come, and said that he should strive to ensure that his democracy did not compromise.
Senator Sam Anyanwu said that he was with Ekweremadu yesterday, but no document showed that the police were looking for him.
After the plenary, the senators decided that security workers should immediately leave the house of the senate vice president, Ike Ekweremadu, so that he can get enough permission.
This morning, Saraki was among those who prevented leaving his good house.
On the other hand, the Nigerian President Muhammadu Buhari thanked those who left APC today to succeed.
He said this through his tweet @MBuhari:
The EFCC blocked Ekweremadu's door in Abuja
The video shows where the EFCC stood in front of Ekweremadu's house
The kidnappers and executioners of the Catholic Church have been condemned to death
The Supreme Court has condemned Father John Adeyi to death by revulsion.
The court has ordered the execution of criminals
The Supreme Court in Makurdi, Benue State has decreed that two persons, Hartuna Idi and Suleiman Gina who remained in custody and killed Father John Adeyi until they died for what they did.
Remember that four kidnappers including Saidu Abdullahi and Aliyu Garba kidnapped Father Adeyi, a Vika-Jenaraal Catholic in Otukpo Dayosis, Benue state, killed him and lost his body in a farm near Otukpo in 2016
What I passed through the kidnappers
Mikel's father has been rescued from other kidnappers
But after the four were arrested by the police, they declared that they received the priest's family a million naira (N1.7m) as her head money but shot her when they learned that the community was ready to come and rescue her where she was arrested.
One of them stated that he was the gunman who killed him, while two of them were sentenced to death on Wednesday.
In a message that the priest's family sent to Daily Post, they showed satisfaction that in the long run, justice had reached them.
But they lamented that the decision reminded them of the assassination of Adeyi, who was a professor.
Senators have come to Ekweremadu
Saraki and Ekweremadu: What people are saying about their restraint
APC is paying their distressed government bills- Experts
Does he have a spirit who lives in a child with a natural disorder?
What Igbo culture said about eggs in ancient times and also the purpose is now part of it.
In ancient times, the Igbos believed that the eggs could do magic
The babies in every house bring great joy to the minds of the householder
But there are some places in Igbo where a baby born with a baby's head can play.
The people of this country are like Igbuzo (Ibusa) in Delta state, where babies are found to be special.
Who is the leader?
Some reports explained that the baby was born with a baby's head because the mother begged a spirit in the land to give him a baby.
will you do the kind of arrest that you used to do in the past?
Do you know the gods worshiped by the Igbos in ancient times?
They believe that fault is a mark of spirits that they will use to know the child.
They call these children 'Azenwa'.
They believe that their fault is their crown.
According to their conviction, a child with great pride will be a child who will do well in the world because his god is loyal on his side, they are very strong, and they will grow up with a wartime giant.
But a few of the problems that come with the people are devastating.
It's difficult to take good care of babies.
Holy joined in divided household
Many of the conspirators, holding to the belief that a child with a head will suffer serious illness or die if an effort enters his shop.
It's unthinkable to toss your hands and hairs.
Anyone who makes this decision should give the child money in a fast or fast manner.
After this ceremony will stop the child from serious illness.
It is only if the child's mother can touch the child's cheek.
A religious ceremony of shaving
The news said that it was the physicians who cut the child's head.
Now the popular in the video are that too many people are proud
The boy will be an adult, a spokesman.
His family will ask him what he wants to have to cut him off.
Everything he wants that day they will give him.
The Christ’s Master
Igbo land is a well spoken place of faith by members of the Christian congregation.
This has caused many Igbo cultures to change.
Now, many Igbo people do not believe that the wicked spirit dwells in causing every child to go out of the world.
But they are still taking such a child to church after the priests prayed for him.
Dr Anthony Mgbolu told Igbo BBC that the dog is the product of the family line.
What Igbo culture described for herdsmen
Professor of African and linguistic studies at the University of Lagos Chiagozie Nnabuihe explained to the Igbo BBC that the Igbo land in ancient times had no conviction concerning the eggs.
Nnabuihe stressed that if the Igbos in the olden days had a belief in their predestination, they should give him a name.
In her words: 'Dada is the name given to her by Yoruba people.
The Igbos are scandalous for having relations with the Yoruba people.
But is it really a bad thing to do?
Nnamdi Daniels is a actress
Many people whom we interviewed said that there is nothing wrong with Daddy but in fact, many people still look at Daddy people as evildoers.
Nnamdi Daniels, a man with the head, told Igbo BBC that he has not been overlooked for their abuse and abuse of his head.
In his words: 'Echetera'm one time I traveled to the university of Niger State.
The security officer began to interrogate me and baffled me for my miscarriage. This caused me much shame.'
The government has eliminated more than two million codiene vaccines
The Ministry of Health has arrested more than two million codien plague and is looking into others.
Medicine codiene
youths and heavy drinking of the codiene thorn
Federal government has said that they have eliminated more than two million codiene vaccines from the market in Nigeria.
Minister of Health, Professor Isaac Adewole said this when his test committee was about to explore the codiene problem.
He said that this is for you to show that the government emphasized their intention to stop the fight against codiene in Nigeria.
Mmachi Codeine: Tuberculosis has collapsed
Nafdac has lifted the arrest of Emzor and others
Adewole said that his agency in the food and medicine department called the National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control in English was involved in the elimination.
Remember in May of this year, the BBC released a video showing the collapse of codiene cough in Nigeria.
It was at the time of the appearance of the video that the government said that they would also brag about the joy of the tuberculosis.
The government is saying that they are still scrutinizing other tuberculosis.
An interesting story
2019 Election: Here are some Igbo people want to contest for the presidency.
Why do the Igbos often go to these churches?
Why Igbo expels people from the evil forest
Is the wicked forest the place where the Igbos fly the land but are they oppressing the people whom they have evacuated from the forest?
Oilers
Igbo worship various spirits
Why does Igbo call the evil forest evil?
Do you know that the wicked forest is still in Igbo land?
What is the evil forest?
Professor of African and linguistic studies at the University of Lagos Chiagozie Nnabuihe explained to the Igbo BBC that Igbos and Igbos have caused wildlife here, not wildlife as many people call it now.
As the Igbos believe, hell is a place where they worship the gods of the land.
These are also places where they dismiss the curse of everyone.
In Igbo God is the most important land, but the spirit following it is the land.
Nnabuihe explained that Igbo land, with the belief that the land is a spirit creature, produced everything in the world.
Does he have a spirit who lives in a child with a natural disorder?
will you do the kind of arrest that you used to do in the past?
Soil is bad (soil is deadly)
Igbo takes belief in the land, seeing everything, this means that there is nothing wrong that you will cover in her eyes.
The wicked forest still exists in Igbo land till now
The land will strike this person completely.
See the sickness of the land that hurts those who do it
Leprosy
Diarrhea
Answers (Dropsy)
Ibi(hernia)
Nnabuihe explained at the time, no physician would try to treat the diseases mentioned.
Anyone who has been infected with such a disease should confess the seriousness he committed completely before his death.
If he did not say the wrong he did, they would throw him out of the spirit realm.
Do you know the gods worshiped by the Igbos in ancient times?
Things you shouldn't do next to an Igbo man
Other factors such as adultery or another person's mate, whether the study of dress and grooming as well as treatable diseases can make the land a curse for the person.
Exile is not wrong
As Nnabouihe used to explain, the departure of this person is due to defending his children and his family.
Churches of Christ are the greatest faith in Igbo land
Igbo in the olden days had the belief that everyone welcomed this person in his family.
Where the spirit realm is now in Igbo land
State needs in Imo state
A fire plant inside Okija
First of all
Failure
Arusi Okeja
Igbo culture is dying
Nnabuihe said that this is the worst happening now in Igbo land.
He said: 'There are different cultures in Igbo land exposed as a result of Christ's invasion of Igbo land, people have polluted many of this forest, and no one is playing this forest fear now'
An interesting story
The woman's bumbum is found on Twitter for what she said
Newly participating in social media
Ahmed Musa: Al Nasr has welcomed him today
It has long been heard rumors that Musa can move to one of Al Nasr but now, it has been announced.
Ahmed Musa
One person who people thought he was going to play for the top football team, Ahmed Musa.
But now, Musa caused devastation in the end of the world cup has passed from Leicester City to Al Nasr of Saudi Arabia.
It has not been known how much they bought from Leicester City but it is rumored to be up to seven and a half million pounds.
Do you know the women who are employed by the Super Eagles?
The Super Eagles are now like the bride
World Cup 2018: Why the Nigerians thank Ahmed Musa
Leicester City bought him the first time with the CSKA Moscow team in 2016 but he returned there during the 2017 football season.
After the world cup, people thought he would go to Galatasaray because the fans of the team called him very much.
The video above shows how his new group said 'no' to him and welcomed him into their group.
Meanwhile, Ahmed Musa has not said anything about the popular issue.
Babatunde Fashola says Nigeria is now threatening electricity
If what Babatunde Fashola said about the production of electricity was true, it would be a big thing for consumers in Nigeria.
Tail
Nigerians have been arrested for no fire.
Minister of Fire, Service and Housing, Babatunde Fashola said that the electricity produced in Nigeria has risen to 7,000 megawatts.
Fashola said this in Kalaba, the capital of Kros Riva state.
electricity will not blossom for 2023 - Power workers
PHCN should give you three months before they burn - Lawyer
Fashola is in Kalaba where the directors in his administration are holding meetings.
He said that despite remaining hard work, his department had installed more electricity in Nigeria than it was when they started operating in 2015.
Fashola uses three divisions to assemble in Buhari's government
Three years ago, the news was that the production of electricity was a serious problem we had in Nigeria.
Then, firefighters say they don't have one to distribute to Nigerians.
Then, we are dividing 6,90 exercise to Nigerians, but the story is changing.
What we can now is 5,222 megawat, which has been the largest ever since Nigeria emerged.
Currently, the product is 770,000 megawatts.
Problems still exist, but we will say we are going ahead.
The news that will interest you
'Low your child suckle'
The Igbo are contesting for the king in Kano
Four money changers have been shot dead in Port Harcourt
How to make your children happy during holidays
Both with money and without money, here are some things you and your children can do during this long vacation.
Students and Oprah Winfrey
The time has arrived again when the students have a special holiday season because it is long.
Some parents have agreed on how to take their children to school called Summer Lesson but not all children will like this.
If you have not joined in bringing their children to Summer Lesson, see what you can do to them.
Women want government bills
4 out of 12 children have been kidnapped in the Thailand cave
Buhari: fight against child abuse
Teach them to swim
Flooding is the way your children will move and learn to save themselves if they fall into water.
It will also make them tired and able to sleep well and praise well.
Try to take them today.
Teach them eserese as well as other technology
Teach them to play
Igbos!
Does he have more fear than the fear of ogene?
No!
Are we going to teach our children?
Eeeee
Relate an ancient story
Do you know the first day of the bombing in Igbo land?
Do you know the name of the first man who freed himself?
You can know this and also train your children.
One way to do this is to take them to a stable in Igbo land.
Aka-work
Take them to where they can learn a trade.
This will make them learn a trade that can provide them with food in the future if they do not have a job at the university end.
A Generation
At the end, if you are an interested person of the culture, this long vacation period is when you can put them in oil or one generation in your community.
This will give them practical wisdom, a conscience about Igbo culture and where it is difficult.
The news that will interest you
'Low your child suckle'
Why Igbo takes people away from the evil forest
A woman kidnapped herself, while another kidnapper drank to Tramadol
Experts have said that it is a serious crime that has caused many blows including the new kidnapping method in Nigeria.
Edgal Imohimi
The Lagos state Commissioner for Police Edgal Imohimi said that they have reduced the power of the Boko Haram in Ikordu
The police arrested a woman who grew up to get her husband $ 15 million in Ogun state.
Also, a kidnapper was arrested where he went to kidnapp a person if he fell asleep after taking Tramadol's violent drugs.
But experts in human behavior who are psychologists say that such behavior is a serious crime and abuse is the cause of it.
Mikel's father has been rescued from other kidnappers
Femi Joseph and his team used guns to attack the drug store to kidnapp his owner but Joseph fell asleep after hearing the tramadol from the drug store.
The shopkeeper explained that when they came to the owner of the shop shouted and fled from the back door.
According to a spokesman for the police in Ondo State, but as they did not get what they wanted, one of them began to swallow up even because of the tramadol he drank.
He slept 24 hours after drinking it.
Tramadol's call was also collected in his bag.
On the other hand, a woman named Hadijat Kabir and two others including one man and another woman cheated on her kidnappers and cost her husband $ 15. million.
The Lagos state Commissioner for Police Imohimi Edgal, said that it was her husband's complaint that led them to a investigation and found that it was his wife who had planned the fight with criminals.
Moral expert and lecturer at Ebonyi State University Nnachi Amos said, that it is not the culprit of corruption that has caused so much evil now.
Some are bad conversations by having a bad noise.'
Ogbo at the Federal Neuro-Pychiatric Hospital in Yaba, Lagos, Chinyere Okonkwo agrees with Amos' statement.
They are perfect.
Look, kidnapping is not an easy task.
Crime and more.
The news that will interest you
Church Massacre goals: a year has passed.
Can a man and a woman be just friends?
Things you shouldn't do next to an Igbo man
The kidnapper who took drugs has died nine days later
The police in Ontario state have said that an innocent kidnapper has been killed because of his dead thorns.
Someone sleeping
The doctor interviewed by BBC said that she was a kidnapper deserving treatment
Police spokesman Femi Joseph has told the journalists that a drug kidnapper has died according to the News Agency of Nigeria.
Remember that he has been sleeping since the police arrested him on August 5 in the drug market.
Joseph said that the kidnapper was killed in the state hospital where doctors were trying to cure him.
A kidnapper deserves treatment - medical doctor
Evans' lawyer has resigned from his case
What is the threat of kidnappers?
In his mouth, 'The investigated kidnapper died after nine days we arrested him.
We thought we would have to tell him so that he would help us in our investigation, but he died yesterday.
This could be the result of his drug use.
We use this opportunity to admonish parents to know what kind of friends they are having.
The news said that the kidnapper went to shop with the drug dealer but the victim ran away from the burden.
He and his team eventually accepted one person, Daudu Wale, where he went to buy drugs and one of them was arrested.
The news that will interest you
What would you say to Nnamdi Kanu if you met him on the way?
A baby was thrown away in Onitsha today
Buhari and Osinbajo will compete in 2019?
Five jobs you can start with N10,000
His speech triggered a lot of disagreements with people in Nigeria and with the federal government.
Another loud news is the story of an Igbo woman named Mama Boko Haram.
Aisha Wakil told Igbo BBC how she raised children who are members of Boko Haram today
The news of the Chief Pioneer knows that Nigeria has given birth to three twins after 19 years, gives the Igbo and all Nigerians great joy.
Abaribe's statement concerning the cattle commander was popular in 2018.
The world cup also touched the Igbos.
World Cup: True 'lookers' have said that Super Eagles will reach half-fined.
Also followed is the story of the arrest of 140 women of IPOB in Owerri.
The women in court today.
Our women are not lawful at all - IPOB lawyer
The women of IPOB have been released from Owerri
Rainwater collapsed in Igbo land in 2018.
Their story triggered the IVF scheme.
Five women from Regina Pacis in Onitsha also grabbed the Igbos when they won the 2018 Technovation competition by becoming top in the world.
The news that will interest you
Three Eke fears will begin on January 1 – Nigerian soldiers
Green Revolution: What the Shagari produce for Nigerians
How to avoid attacks and events
Second Niger Bridge as a woman's vow
Igbo Tradition: Why a woman is married in Igbo land
Sometimes while people are asking why a whole woman is married in some parts of Igbo land, the story explained it.
Man and woman alike
Igbo does not approve of singleness
Reports are often brought about about some youths or youths who love each other, and agreed to live together as husband and wife, but they did not practice marriage as they should.
There are also occasions when various accidents are found in this situation, especially the woman's being in the man's home without any ceremonial marriage ceremony.
Echichi woman in Igbo land
Five things that impressed women
Is it a custom that will end in Igbo land?
Nevertheless, this often involves families of different kinds and of different kinds.
Because of this unpleasant situation, some towns in Igbo land, made it necessary for a man to marry a woman with whom he lived, which he did not do when he lived.
Why marry in general:
In Igbo land, it does not acknowledge that a man has been married, if he has not been fulfilled in his case.
Even if it happened to the court, it was expected that she would come and act as the parents wanted.
As a cultural expert, Nze Olueze Chkaejuoha (Duruagwu II) in Umuchara, Anak in Nwangele of the Imo state told BBC Igbo, the bill is very rare in their town, and it has various consequences followed.
Whoever does not marry in life, does not marry in death, is the custom of many societies
But in the city of Akoko also in Imo state, the scheme does not sell any, whereas the family of a mother comes and carries the bodies of their baby and buries in their homes.
Single marriage procedures:
The person will come and tell my children that their child has a fever (he will not tell them first that he is dead).
They will follow him 'to visit' their son, when they see his body, they will accuse him of killing their son, causing him to justify his legs and hands.
To prove that he did not kill him, he would agree to marry the woman's corpse
she will come and marry her
He will come back and tell my son and his wife who have died
The man will then go on to celebrate his funeral.
What will happen to a person who refuses to marry in full:
As Nze Chkaejuoh explained, these are the things that will happen to the person who refuses to marry and has failed to handle the problem in general:
The person will undergo punishment in various ways
And various bad things are happening to that person
Such a person does not succeed
A shameful death is also possible
But the person can repent, even if all these tragedies start to happen to him.
What the person will do if he repents
If the man locks his ears and then repents over the obstacles he is getting, these things he will do:
The person will send the local elders to bring the soil down.
He will be punished by ensuring that he fulfills what he needs to do in two thousand ways.
Nigeria 2019 elections: The criteria of the presidential candidates – Muhammadu Buhari
The Nigerian president, Muhammadu Buhari is contesting for the post as president for the first time in the election of a democrat under the ruling party.
President Muhammadu buhari
President Muhammadu Buhari is now campaigning to become the third Nigerian president.
He first came to power in December 1983 (1984.) after the Nigerian army was forcibly arrested, but some of his defendants raped Buhari in 1985.
The BBC debate is still ongoing
Buhari came to be the president through democracy in 2015, after the attempt to get him three times free.
As when he was ruling as a soldier, Buhari did not have a real name about the ability to endure.
Despite being in custody of his spokesman, many in prison for Buhari refused to release them as the court did.
This 76-year-old man took an oath of duty in 2015, promising to fight against crime and corruption and confusion, as well as improving Nigeria's economy.
Four years are coming to the end but many people do not believe that what he did means what appears to the eyes.
The promise that he will defeat the Boko Haram fighting Nigeria is against those who are desirous of separating the nation of worship up to the northeast of Nigeria, but in recent times, these activists are giving Buhari's intention to sit in the presidential seat troubled by their attack on the area.
The respondents believe that Buhari will meet a fight against a party that is not in their title louder than they are; the PDP candidate, Atiku Abubakar, also went to worship and went from Nigeria as Buhari.
Buhari is the former candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC) as one of the most prominent politicians in Nigeria, even though many people see his campaign as a symbol of economic loss.
The news that will interest you
Nnamdi Kanu - Buratai is close to 'Egwu Eke II'
I'm not confident about crime during the 2019 election' - Atiku
Nigeria Election 2019: Those contesting for elections and their vice
Do you know the six most outstanding candidates in the 2019 presidential election?
BBC will expose them.
Those contesting for the presidency.
See six people contesting for the most popular president and their vice:
As the Nigerian National Electoral Commission (INEC) published a document showed that more than 70 people are contesting for presidency in 2019, BBC Igbo wants to show you who have their best titles.
Electoral support in East has burned
I will not be like Tinubu to tell people whom to compare
Peter Obi will not give you money but he will support every good job.
Of these six persons and their vice, there are three of them; one is contesting for the president while others are contesting for the vice.
1) Muhammadu Buhari and Yemi Osinbajo
Buhari and Osinbajo have ruled Nigeria since 2015 under the All Progressives Congress (APC)
Who is Muhammadu Buhari?
she was born on December 17, 1942
He has ruled Nigeria twice; as a soldier and as a civilian.
He contested for the presidency three times (2003, 2007 and 2011) before he won him in 2015
He is likewise the president, he is also the Minister of Petroleum.
Who is Yemi Osinbajo?
she was born on March 8, 1957
He is a clergyman in Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG)
He saved Buhari's vice president in 2015
He is also a spokesman
2) Atiku Abubakar and Peter Obi
Atiku and Obi are delivering the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the 2019 election.
Who is Atiku Abubakar?
she was born on November 25, 1946
He was the vice president from 1999 to 2007
He has twice contested for the presidency; in 2007 under the AC and in 2018 under the PDP
He is a businessman with a wide variety of
Who was Peter Obi?
she was born on July 19, 1961
He defeated Anambra state governor under the APGA party in 2003 but did not sit down until March 2006 when he won in court, but was finally arrested in November of that year.
He finally returned to his seat in February 2007 and left May when Andy Uba defeated him, but the court ordered that he be released for four years.
He won the seat as Governor Anambra in 2014 after he won the seat twice
He is an economist
Oby Ezekwesili and AbdulGaniyu Galadima
Galadima is also the chairman of the Allied Congress Party of Nigeria (ACPN) they want to contest for rulership.
Who is Oby Ezekwesili?
she was born on April 28, 1963
He is the minister of excavations from 2005 to 2006 and of education from 2006 to 2007
He is a member of the Bring Back Our Girls (BBOG) group in charge of the kidnapped Chibok children since 2014
He won, it will be the first woman to become the president in Nigeria
Who is Ganiyu Galadima?
she was born on June 11, 1964
He studied at the Kwara State University and later became a member of the board of directors of the school.
He was the former chairman of the president under the ACPN in 2015
A businessman
Kingsley Moghalu and Umma Getso
Moghalu and Getso are contesting under the Young Progressive Party (YPP)
Who is Kingsley Moghalu?
she was born on May 7, 1963
This is the first time he is contesting for Nigeria's politics.
He graduated and received a university degree as a lawyer
He is also a economist.
It served as a direct in the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN)
Who is Umma Getso?
she was born in 1981
YPP is the deputy chairman
He is a man of wealth, and he is actively involved in the rights of women.
5) Omoyele Sowore and Rabiu Ahmed Rufai
Sowore and Rufai are contesting under the African Action Congress (AAC)
Who was Omoyele Sowore?
she was born on February 16, 1971
He is a person who is involved in the issue of authority.
It started when he was still in college
He founded SaharaReporters
He founded AAC party in August of 2018
Who was Rabiu Ahmed Rufai?
she was born on July 17, 1976
A physician or a doctor who is a medical expert
He had been a lecturer at Bayero University in Kano
6) Fela Durotoye and Khadijah Abdullahi-Iya
Durotoye and Abdullahi-Iya are contesting under the Alliance for New Nigeria (ANN) party.
Who was Fela Durotoye?
she was born on May 12, 1971
She attended the Obafemi Awolowo University in Ile-Ife
He is a person who teaches people how to pursue money, and he is also a person who uses words to stimulate people's spirits
He is contesting for the presidency under the party Alliance for New Nigeria (ANN)
Who is Khadijah Abdullahi-Iya?
He is the founder of Women Community of Africa (WCA) and Rags to Riches (R2R)
He is also a lawyer
Whom would you compare?
Imo Election Results: Seven major statements by Uche Nwosu
Only Uche Nwosu came to the BBC discussion about the position of governor in Owerri Imo state.
Igbos were filled in Owerri when the Igbo BBC conducted the debate of the candidates for governorship in Imo state but it was a shock to the Imo people that only one in four should promise to the Igbo BBC that they will come to the debate.
The spokesman of the APC in Imo state has followed Uche Nwosu
Imo APC Primaries: Uche Nwosu has been introduced as the candidate for the Imo governorship election.
Those who have been honored by the Imo people are Emeka ihedioha PDP, Hope Uzodimma of APC and Ifeanyi Ararume of APGA.
Igbo BBC chairman Adline Okere said that it was Sir Ararume who told him that he could not come because he was starting his campaign.
The ceremony started at 2 : 30 p.m.
In the aftermath of the controversy, Uche Nwosu pledged that he would pay for 30 per cent of naira as the minimum wage if the federal government intervened.
Nwosu went on to say that his party has no candidate for the president to interfere with the support he gives to President Muhammau Buhari.
He added; 'There is nothing in Manifesto I can't do.'
Seven key words of Uche Nwosu:
Uche Nwosu joined AA from APC to contest for governorship in Owerri Imo state.
Nwosu stated what he will do for the Imo state if he takes the office and the election that will take place in March 2019.
Buhari for President: 'The AA can scourge Uche Nwosu'
It is not true that the Action Alliance does not back Uche Nwosu- Obidiche
Now, see what it did in minutes and minutes:
Academic achievements will be provided through conventions
I will make health free for children, pregnant women and adults
I will bring youths into the field
I am known as the one standing on political issues.
I’ll have to make fun of the Imo people
I will have a minimum wage of N30,000 and will be declared by the federal government
I will take a look at the issue of pension.
An interesting story
Uzodimma, Ihedioha and Ararume did not come to Igbo BBC discussion
Atiku comes to the United States and has a question to answer-Lai Mohammed
What Nigerians are saying about Atiku's journey to America
Atiku: Abuja burned as Atiku returned from American trip
Reports of Atiku Abubakar's return, fire to the Guinness wine industry, President Buhari's economy, Onnoghen's report, Mexico's accident and others were among them.
Important arrow:
PDP members and interested ones of Atiku Abubakar set out on the Nnamdi Azikiwe airport in Abuja to welcome Abubakar, who went to the United States.
Atiku and the president of the Nigerian House of Assembly Bukola Saraki traveled for two days in the country where, as Atiku explained, the government officials of the country had a congregation with foreign investors.
Atiku will be part of the election that will take place on Saturday night in Abuja.
Fire burnt in the Guinness wine industry
The Guinness wine factory was burned in Osisioma Industrial Layout, Aba, Abia state on Friday.
The fire that lasted for six hours was by fire extinguishment agencies, as well as other nearby agencies, the police and the community assisted to shut it off.
The spokesman of Guiness, Nike Onnakoya told Igbo BBC that the fire did not injure the person, which was seriously damaging.
He also said that their wine industry was still on sale in their lake in Benin and Ogba, Lagos Breweries.
There was no injuries or substantial damage from what happened as the Aba cave was due to collapse and there were only a few workers.
We used the wine grounds mostly in our lake in Benin and Ogba (Legus).
It is a false report that Onnoghen was to be arrested
Femi Adesina is a well - known journalist before working in the office of the president.
The president's office has said that the news that the government wants to arrest the Nigerian high court Justice Justice Onnoghen is false.
A spokesman for Muhammadu Buhari, Femi Adesina stated on his Facebook address that the'false report' was filed by the coalition of the United Political Parties (CUPP).
Donald Trump: Progress has been in the case of removing North Korea's nuclear crisis.
US government shut down last week because the senates do not approve of their budget.
U.S. President Donald Trump has said that progress has been made in the fight against North Korea's nuclear disarmament.
He said that it is different from what experts say he has not gone and it remains to where he is going.
Liverpool and Crystal Palace withdrew
In sports
Liverpool scored Crystal Palace three goals to two in Asompi premier league on Saturday.
Government will sell the wealth whose hands are in corruption.
President Muhammadu Buhari has said that his government will sell wealth to the politicians who are involved in crime and corruption.
Buhari said this in Kaduna, where he went to vote yesterday.
He said that it was because he did not want to do what he said that in 1985, these people were returned their wealth.
The Nigerian Supreme Court has embarked on a trail of Onnoghen
The news reaching us explains that the Federal Government has gone to the Court of the Code of Conduct to appeal for Judge Walter Onnoghen to his position as Supreme Judge of Nigeria and the Chief Justice of the National Judicial Council.
The person enrolled in the CCT is Nigerian Chancellor Abubakar Malami
In abroad
Up to 20 people have died in Mexico as gasoline burns in the air.
Not many others were injured in the accident in Hidalgo state in central Mexico
In sports
When Lobi Stars and Heartland FC met
Lobi Stars of Nigeria will meet Asec Mimosas of Ivory Coast today in the country's capital city, Abidjan in their second round in the CAF Champions League.
The Lobi won their first match with Mamolodi Sundowns in Enugu
Listen to these minutes here:
watch today's video
Obasanjo: 'We want the president to be healthy and healthy'
The former president of Nigeria, Olusegun Obasanjo has expressed many things that hurt him over what happened in Nigeria now and what he wants Nigerians to do about him.
Obasanjo
Olusegun Obasanjo has said that he does not think Inec will make an honest election in the coming month.
Even if they want to make good elections, those in the current government will not give them a chance.
A union of Obasanjo has been formed
Compare this government in 2019 - Obasanjo
Obasanjo said this while reading to journalists his list called Points for concern and action from the house where he was writing in Abeokuta.
He said that what Nigeria needs now is a reasonable and challenging president.
Obasanjo said that Nigerians should praise the little thing Buhari did for them since he was in power.
In his words, 'Buhari left us at first, we would be popular or we would let him seduce us again.'
He took Buhari's leadership to which a Nigerian army officer called Sanni Abacha while he was alive as president.
The news that will interest you
My son has died because money does not trouble him.'
Do you know Igbo proverbs well?
Day 28: Do you know the name of the 91st party in Nigeria?
BBCNigeria 2019
Atiku comes to the United States and has a question to answer-Lai Mohammed
Olusegun Obasanjo: Atiku's preference for Buhari
Obasanjo told the BBC that he checked Buhari's actions and found Atiku better than two.
In a discussion with BBC Yoruba, former Nigerian President, Olusegun Obasanjo spoke of the former vice and candidate for the 2019 political party, Atiku Abubakar.
He said that he said right now that he would prefer Atiku to Buhari because of what Buhari had done.
Those who have been elected among them are members of the APC and PDP.
From what I saw in Buhari- both unemployment and soap, unemployment, corruption, weaknesses, mental and other factors compared to Atiku.
Atiku can do two more than Buhari.
He also spoke of Boko Haram and the Independence National Electoral Commission (INEC).
Obasanjo explained that he believed that President Muhammadu Buhari as Atiku Neo, was why he raped to support the youths of 73 candidates for the president of Nigeria.
He also stated what happened before the military invaded Odi in 1999, when up to 2,500 civilians were killed by the military.
The discussion will appear to the full is the 22nd of January 2019.
We are also involved in the fact that people should not take drugs because they don't use their money to go to the hospital.
According to Oriuiakhi, 'there is the kind of hurtful speech that some are doing against the thorns of restraint that caused some thorns of malaria to die.'
Four things you don’t know about malaria
He said that some people are going to Kemist, claimed drugs that are not authorized by the doctors.
This will happen that after they need it, it will no longer work on them.
He also said that this is a health problem.
How can preventive drugs be effective?
Good training should be given to people for the use of vaccines.
The only time the doctor has given these vaccines is when it should be heard.
Nutrition: Obesity is not your child's health
Preventive drug dealers should not take it to anyone but the person does not have his doctor's document.
'Culture and Sensitivity' should also be done before drug prevention.
The person does not go to the hospital to do research so as to receive appropriate medical treatment.
Health workers should explain to people the need to know how to take these vaccines.
An interesting story
No funds were set aside for the inauguration of the Imo state government
The closing of the Nigeria capital office and its significance
What will happen if the use of bags is stopped and things are bound up?
Nigeria vs Ukraine: Flying Eagles have passed 'the best'
Nigerians scored tiani Mohammed as Nigeria scored the match with Ukraine on Thursday night.
Ademola Olajire
Flying Eagle players scored in their competition with Ukraine
Nigeria and Ukraine scored one goal in the U20 World Cup of Nigeria and Ukraine on Thursday night.
But Nigerians are not happy as Flying Eagle players have shunned 'band' in the competition as they did after the year.
Nigerians angrily and rageously told Tiani Mohammed of Flying Eagle to boast like Nigeria in the competition.
Tijani scored penalty, and the Ukrainian goal seat remembered him just a few minutes before the match.
This happened as Danylo Sikan of Ukraine scored their first goal.
But Tijani saved time for another penalty to score in the 47th minuite of the contest.
Many Nigerians expressed their anger at Tiani.
see what some said:
@10Q media said that Tiani Muhammed is the best player in Nigerian football.
@vic_MLS argued that Tiana lost the penalty.
@rappatek said that Flying Eagles' coach was too late.
@SSnetwork said that they did not play in unity.
Jane Ada: I used to make Igbo idols to show the Igbo world.
Jane Ada, an Igbo youth who lives in America with her skills explained how she had found some gods in Igbo land.
Jane Ada, who is known for painting and sculpture said that it was through sculpture that she used to identify some gods known to the Igbos.
Jane studied Secondary School in Enugu before going to working American country said that she did not know when that started but that it was God who gave her this special gift.
The idols he has formed include Amadioha and Ala, two known idols in Igbo land.
Listen to how he did this and his intentions concerning culture and Igbo language.
The news reporters: Chioma Nkemdilim and Nnamdi Agbanelo
Women's World Cup 2019: Super Eagles play in Super Falcons
Some women in sports journalists have explained some of the problems of women's football in Nigeria.
football journalists who are also women have said that the Super Falcons of Nigeria are equal to their male counterparts.
They said despite this that people especially these men are not attentive to women's football in Nigeria and Africa.
They went on to say that the government is not paying attention and money to women's football matchs as they do in men even though women are inflicting more fornication than men.
That these are the reasons why news of women's various competitions in Nigeria is not heard.
Nigeria vs Norway: Nigeria is defeated today.
Norway has defeated Super Falcons with three goals in the women's world cup in France
Norway and Nigeria are in the national cup of nations in France
Norway has scored three goals against Nigeria in the women's world cup that started in France today
Norway's women played as a man while the Nigerians made their women until their retirement they started to play until they never bore fruit.
France defeated Super Falcon
Why do you not like women's football?
Norway's first goal scored at Reiten's foot in 17th minuite (2.) and the second in 34th minuite (34.) from Utland
The threat to Nigeria was demonstrated in Ohale's case that caused a Nigerian to score third goal in 37 minutes (37).
Meanwhile, Nigeria now holds a handful of paper from Francisca Ordega and Desire Oparanozie who first won it as a handbook in 13th minuite (13').
Norway won Nigeria with three goals when I am so strong that Nigeria did not get the goal after the match.
This Saturday night the female world cup was burned in France which belongs to Nigeria and 24 other countries.
Nigeria is the top of the A who started the competition in Stade Auguste Delaune in France.
Nigeria and South Korea will meet on Wednesday at 2pm at Stade des Alpes, Grenoble.
Spain has defeated South Africa with three goals.
An interesting story
The Supreme Court in Abuja has opened AIT again
NBC has deprived AIT, Ray Power
Why do you not like women's football?
Nigeria vs South Korea: Falcons are equal to the Eagle
The Nigerian Falcons have defeated South Korea with two goals
Oshaola of Nigeria
France's football is now as successful as the Nigerian Falcons are
Nigeria's first goal was from South Korea when Kim Do-yeon scored their match in 29th minuite.
This happened that inspection by VAR technology was under way before the goal was accepted.
Asisat Oshoala showed South Koreans that Nigeria did not play children in 75 minutes.
Nigeria vs Norway: Norway has disappointed Nigeria
He scored them with one goal that made Nigeria winner of the match.
Finally, Nigeria won with independence as Norway defeated them in their first match.
George Weah has met Buhari in Abuja
The president of Liberia, George Weah came to meet the president Muhammadu Buhari on Thursday in the Abuja government.
Weah came to meet Buhari
George Weah and Muhammadu Buhari
The president of Liberia, George Weah came to meet the president Muhammadu Buhari on Thursday in the Abuja government.
According to an expert on social media issues by the president on Twitter, the president of the two countries had a discussion on the relationship between the two countries as it concerns security and economy.
Chiji Collins has been appointed the Imo state senate president
The new members of the Imo state have elected Mr. Chiji Collins as their spokesman.
The young man, is the representative of the Isiala Mbano Local Government of the state.
He was selected and not challenged.
This was the second time he was visiting the house of senate as he was first appointed in 2015.
The Senate also appointed Okechukwu Onyekanma, the representative of the state's Mbaitoli as his vice.
A cattle commander has removed the head of a girl from Ekiti
The town of Ilasa Ekiti in Ekiti State is now in crisis because of the death of a young cattle commander because he refused to marry her.
The unnamed cattle commander caught the young man on the road where he went to pick up water and beat him headlong on Tuesday.
A man has burned a woman and her family for rejecting a friend
A man has killed his wife for jealousy
The mayor of the city, Ajayi Omolagba said that the former clergyman committed fraud from his family according to the Fulani law.
But the young woman's family refused to give her the man the cattle commander so that she killed the young woman.
Ekiti State police said this was true, that they had arrested the man by a report they had obtained.
A fire in a shopping mall in Port Harcourt
The River State government has joined it as a fire in Port Harcourt Shopping Mall shops.
The state secretary, Tammy Danagogo, told Awake!
The mayor kidnapped in Katsina
Cows have killed many people in Benue and other states in Nigeria
A news reaching us says kidnappers have kidnapped a king in Garin Labo in Kastina state
the king was on his farm when the kidnappers came and fought with batumtum.
In abroad
No one has heard that the president of Mexico, Andres Obrador has asserted that he will sell the president's aircraft and carry on a battle against his countrymen in secret crossing the United States.
Obrador said that he was going to borrow public aircraft to ensure that he fulfilled his promise concerning America's threat to collapse residents.
In sports, Enyimba FC won the award as 'the best in Africa' in 2003
In sports, Enyimba has won the Nigerian Premier league in eight goals by winning Akwa United with three goals yesterday.
Enyimba scored 12 goals in five matches, while Reuben Bala, Stanley Dimgba and Abdulrahman Bashir scored Enyimba goal.
Listen to these stories here:
Child trafficking: Police have dealt with kidnappers of children in Imo state
The Imo police said that Immaculata Edward kidnapped and sold 5 children from a family in Ngor Akpala in the state.
suspected kidnapped the children
The Operation Puff Adder of Imo state police has arrested a person whose primary responsibility is kidnapping children.
On the 24th of Epurel, 2019, a woman named Immaculata Edward said that she was 31 years old from Okondo State in Cros Riva State kidnapped five robbers who lived in her home to a man named Ifara Isong in Ngor Okpala in Imo State.
NAPTIP has arrested children's traffickers
A child trafficking doctor has been arrested.
Immaculata stole five children from the neighbors of her boyfriend whose parents told her to take care of them.
These children are among the parents; Somto Eke, a six-year-old woman, Kelechi Ekeh, a five-year-old man.
Others are Chisom Ekeh, a three-year-old woman, Ebuka Enwerem, a three-year-old man, Chioma Enwerem, a five-year-old woman and Lucky Ida, a six-year-old man.
Children who saved their families
Immaculata took them to the hands of the child trafficking celebrant, Perpetual Iwuji from Obokwu Ulakwo, Imo state.
Perpetual took two of these children and sold them to Grace Nwachukwu from Aboh Mbaise and lived in Mpape Abuja
Immaculata also met two children of her cousins from Cross River state and sold them to Ifeoma Ndubuisi from Lokpanta Abia state.
A child saves from his parents
By investigation of the police, all the kidnapped children have been found and placed in the family.
In the investigation, another five children were saved from Perpetual Iwuji's hand and sent to the child's home.
The suspects include Perpetual Iwuji, Isong Ifara, Immaculata Edward, Grace Nwachukwu, Ifeoma Ndubuisi and Stephen Ezenwa.
Child trafficking is not unknown because in the East of Nigeria.
The news that will interest you
There is nothing like Igbo President - Okorocha
Does a capable single wife have joy?
Rochas Okorocha has sworn as a Nigerian Senate
AFCON 2019: Competition and Output Program
The process will play an African national cup that will begin on June 21 in Egypt.
African cup of nations
Inec Server: 'We have calculated the number of card readers in one place on a computer'
Inec said that the names of all the people listed in the 2019 election are on their computer.
Festus Okoye and Emeka Unachukwu
Inec apostle Festus Okoye is asserting that the agency did not have 'Server' that allowed them to send out the 2019 election results.
Okoye from Nigeria's law did not give them the opportunity to do the same.
Judge Garba has seated in the case of Atiku and Buhari
The House of Representatives has continued for the 2019 budget.
In his voice, 'Nigeria decree has authorized to take over all the results of the elections in the EC8A form to take over where they will be stored.
The Nigerian law with which we made it was a election that did not know how to deliver any electronic message.
TheCollation Officer is their duty to carry the literature back to where it is needed.
We never used a computer to send out the results of the election.
Okoye acknowledged that those who enrolled in the 2019 elections on computers, gave all parties these names.
The 'Incident Form' will eliminate corruption in the elections
He insisted that'it is only when computers are used to make votes that will be voted in the matter'.
He said that he does not know about the 2019 election outcome you are in any election.
In the same way that BBC also asked a notorious computer worker, Emeka Unachukwu what is'server'?
Unachukwu said that 'Server' is a computers that combine other computers to distribute text messages.
He said that Inec could say that they don't have server' because they have another company that they were arrested but it's not true that they don't have server' where there's one.
He said that the Internet has its own server while many people keep their message.
Unachukwu said that 'Inec would not say they don't know any of them because they have a source of information.
They may call this a 'data base', but what it is because the computer unites others is one that can add or send messages to it'.
He said Inec's fault is that they don't have servers.'
They are inviting people to come and get their PVC ready for the election.
Unachukwu said that if he had been voted in hand to lead him to where he was read, Inec would also place him in server.
But they can say that they have not added 2019 results to Server which shows that they have not finished their project.
An interesting story
How to avoid HIV infection
Is the Nigerian government borrowed?
Paying two months of wages in ten months without checks-Abia Teachers
Watch our video
World Blood Donor Day 2019: What people think about blood transfusions
As today is the time to remember giving blood to BBC Igbo went to ask people what they know about giving blood.
Today, blood transfusions are remembered as World Blood Donor Day 2019
Igbo BBC asked people what they knew about blood transfusions and what kind of hatred they were saying about it
Listen to them
Diet and Dementia: How you can use chocolate leaf to expel brain problems
Read this essay as you can use good food to strengthen and strengthen your fever.
fruits and vegetables are organized to resemble the brain.
Learn for food that regulates the brain and gives you a longer life and health.
Do you know seven foods that can help you to struggle with cerebral palsy?
Fifteen billion people worldwide are affected by Lydia disease that causes extreme memory loss and study problems, as well as up to ten billion people receiving this disease annually (WHO).
In spite of the fact that it has been observed that erimeri played a role in the singing process, but there is no note of study and support.
Red Wine, coffee, and Chocolate and Champagne have become popular as a miracle food for brain problems.
But is there any truth in these matters?
Let’s read what Sheila Dillon who is a BBC worker found when she interviewed the experts on the subject.
As you will discover, these foods help your brain:
Food from water
Good proteins, small amounts of fat and full of Omega Fatty Acids.
It is one time or more full of fish food in the week that helps the brain
Vines and other similar fruits.
beautify your brain with grapes.
Seeds such as 'Strawberries' and 'Blueberries' have a deterrent to brain development.
Pests and nuts
Aki and other crops in supplying the need- strength and in repairing the brain.
The person who eats about 30mg of various nuts, corn, rice, red rice, millet, oats and also eats about proteins, minerals and fiber like insects and cerebral palsy will run away from it.
The fight
Blood and brain nutrition
Who said that babies and papyrus regulate the brain, the person knows what he is saying.
vitamins B
vitamins B : taken for granted
The number of people who are grateful for bipolar disorder given to vitamins B has been affected by a serious brain recovery.
Are you drinking cocoyam juice?
Let us thank the leaders of Olmec-Mexico for showing the world cup of cocoa.
cocoyam is good for nurses-communicative and repairs every seed-flower.
But remember that you are drinking cocoa juice that contains a sugar bowl.
Lebekee
You can obtain all around the world’s ubekee
What contributed to the popularity of the English spear worldwide is because it helps for its goodness to the brain.
Are you now aware of it?
All these foods are not readily available to you if others are available to change which you do not find in your belly.
And remember, these foods are not enough for your brain, they treat your body so that you are stable!
This essay is a revision of the essay 'Diet and Dementia', which is unique to the BBC's The Food Programme.
Mikel Obi: what I came to do but not take the AFCON cup
Leader of Super Eagles football team has said that it was a victory in the 2019 AFCON cup.
Mikel Obi
President of the Nigerian Football Federation – Mikel Obi
Mikel Obi will lead the Nigerian Super Eagles team to Egypt for the African national cup of nations called AFCON 2019 has said that he did not have to play because he wins and wins the AFCON cup.
It has been six years since Mikel Obi touched the African Cup of Nations.
This is when Nigeria won in South Africa
Mikel will not participate in a contest in Poland
Mikel feels unhappy
Mikel's father has been rescued from other kidnappers
Mikel's next match in Africa was in 2006 and 2010 when Super Eagles won the third round.
During this AFCON period, Mikel will lead young men with their hot blood and spit on this year's crash in Egypt.
Mikel said: 'Though the Eagles team today are not competent in defeating other African nations like him, the competition will give such people as Samuel (chukwueze) and Paul (Onuachu) the opportunity to show their wins.
I also hope that we will go to pick up and drop the eagle back.'
Super Eagles team
He also said how he appreciated the efforts of the Super Eagles despite their failure in the world cup.
Mikel believes that the competition will be difficult but he believes that the strength and support of the Super Eagles will help them to win the competition.
Remember also that Mikel Obi played first for Nigeria in 2005 when Super Eagles met with a Libya national team
Mikel said that this competition may be his last in Super Eagles.
He said; 'every time I will try to be a good husband.'
Ukraine and U20 world cup: South Korea has taken the lead in the U20 world cup.
Ukraine has defeated South Korea with three goals that were once known for the youth world cup.
Ukraine vs South Korea
Ukrainian footballers have scored three goals against South Korea's first winner of the world cup that was less than 20 years old in Poland today, Saturday.
This defeat came after South Koreans got penalty in the morning season with the goal scored by Lee Kang-in in five minutes.
Flying Eagles have defeated the king
Nigeria has joined in the AFCON U20 competition
But Ukraine told South Korea that they did not play the month when Vladyslav Supriaga scored a goal in 34 minutes.
Vladyslav Supriaga said that in the fifty-three minutes, it was when he scored his second goal in South Korea's match.
Koreans also played a lot of competition but Ukraine told them that it was not long that my child had grown up when they scored him three goals by Giorgi Tsitaishvili in 89 minutes.
South Korea is defeated
South Korea was swallowed when the sound of the horn came to the end of it.
This is the first time Ukraine defeats the world cup after England defeated it two years ago.
An interesting story
What did I come to do but not to take the AFCON cup? - Mikel Obi
The Court of Appeal has lifted Chimaroke up again, and the women do not want to be tormented.
They want them to make good clothes
Igbo women dress modestly at any time.
Igbo women are looking for men who are trying
Whatever a man is involved in it, an Igbo woman will support it.
They want to get involved in everyday work, they don't want to keep quiet
All that a woman finds to do, it will do well for her.
The news that will interest you
INEC agrees on card reader
China has made Xi the president till death.
Rwanda: Prophecy has killed church members
Dapchi children: The fight has collapsed between Buhari and Jonathan
Fight has collapsed between Buhari and Jonathan's people for kidnapping Dapchi students in the northern part of Nigeria.
Buhari embarked on a tour of distressed Nigerian towns including Taraba, Plateau, Benue before going to Yobe.
President Muhammadu Buhari said that the former president, Goodluck Jonathan is better looking into the kidnapping of schoolchildren.
He said this yesterday when he made a tour of Dapchi, Yobe state, where the children were kidnapped last month.
He condemned Jonathan's reign and the neglect of the Chibok students when they were kidnapped in 2014, but said that it was unreasonable.
Some of these students were kidnappers
But Buhari's statement has brought differing results from a number of people.
The spokesman of the Bring Back Our Girls group, Sesugh Akume has said that the president did not try.
Akume said, 'We are not happy, this is four years of kidnap of Chibok children, and now it has happened in Dapchi as Buhari's regime is committing one of Jonathan's shortcomings in his own time.
The children have been kidnapped for one month, but now the government is going there.
They did not ignore all the rumors they said that they had rescued Dapchi's children
The president agreed to Dapchi's parents that he would rescue the kidnapped children
Jonathan's special assistant Reno Omokiri said that Buhari's son Yusuf Buhari suffered more injuries than Dapchi's children
He said that during the kidnap of Chibok children, Jonathan called for a meeting of the security, while Buhari canceled the meeting of the security during the kidnap of Dapchi children.
He also said when Yusuf Buhari had been injured in a road accident that Buhari canceled all the travel available, and he went to visit his son in the hospital.
The news that will interest you
Dapchi students' parents captured Abuja
Another person who said his opinion was Femi Fani-Koyede in his tweet;
Jonathan's spokesman Reuben Abati said his own on Twitter
Other Nigerians commented on Tuwiter
Is it a custom that will end in Igbo land?
The baby is born, the baby is born, the baby is born, the baby is born, the baby is born, the baby is born, the baby is born, the baby is born, the baby is born.
The baby and its mother
Education is an Igbo culture dating back to this day
Seeing treatment in Igbo culture is the time when the mother comes to visit her daughter and her baby.
Sometimes, if a woman has no mother ( if her biological mother has died), the wife of her father or the mother of her husband will be sitting at her home to study with her.
Five things that impressed women
Women have failed to boast in new forms
The value of a woman is not only in the match.
The reason she is a midwife rather than a man, is that she is supposed to be the most familiar woman because she has passed through the situation herself.
The curfew is a time when a mother teaches her daughter everything she knows about caring for a newborn baby.
Sometimes, when the mother of a child goes home, the mother of her husband begins to look at her.
A mother who gives birth to a baby is taking advantage of healthful treatment while her mother cares for her baby.
What a mother does in childbirth
A mother will give her daughter something that will make her milk sweet
The mother will be feeding her with foods that will make her healthy
The mother would burn her in the belly and other areas of the year, and then burn her in a container (robb, Aboniki)
The mother will feed the baby, wash the clothes and wash the body
He will even attract the baby, and put his hands on it.
She will ensure that her baby is sitting on a bucket in addition to hot water and salt and antibiotics, which will enable harmful blood to release.
She needs to feed her so that she can and should be as much as she used to be pregnant.
A mother will encourage her daughter because she and herself are in the first place.
He will also take on other household duties such as the planning of houses and the cooking of food for the family.
The Value of Medicine
Debt is a time when a mother, her baby and her baby enjoy a good relationship called 'bonding' for this reason many mothers use to go anywhere where their baby is born, both at home or abroad, to spend up to three months or more together.
She will instruct her daughter what it means and her child's feathers, whether lukewarm or lukewarm.
Food deserving of nutrition
The midwife has foods that she eats. Some are to absorb blood clots during the pregnancy. These foods are both roots and varieties.
Crossing the sound
With hot water
Crossword Puzzle
Drinking water
hot tires and camels
Hurtful food
Boxing and boxing
Chicken
Gray - headed
Uzzah
Uzzah
Every food will have a good taste.
It is said that the sound prevents pregnancy and other diseases such as aginingpere
A woman's diet should not be eaten
It was frozen
Every piece of cooking, cooking, and cooking oil
Peanuts
Any food that has a fat (woman does not eat it because it is given to a fat that will collect it in the womb or in the body)
The news that will interest you
Does a woman's salary need it today?
Have you ever seen a hairy woman like a man?
Five things that impressed women
What is your objective for complaint?
The End of Treatment
Unless the education is completed, the mother who comes to the education will receive much.
Those he visited would buy him such gifts as money, bridges, shoes, bags, different foods, and then go on.
He will get sacks of salt and soap that he will give to his neighbors if he comes home.
The women of Ozubulu have made a demonstration
The news said that the women of Ozubulu dressed as the lawyers went to the police headquarters in Amawbia to request a covering.
Armed people attacked members of St. Phillips last year
The women of Ozubulu under Ekwusigo in Anambra state went to the police station in Amawbia to request the night covering.
They did this because of the case among those who suspected that they were attacking the church in their city on 6th August last year.
They said that the people are threatening their lives and that it is because of this that they are seeking a testimony against the people who have attacked them in court.
They carried a major case-which wrote 'woman wants to be fair' and 'woman wants police enforcement in court'
What a witness said about the murder of Ozubulu
Anambra police spokesman, Nkiruka Nwode told Igbo BBC that what these women need is for peace to take place in their country.
Nwode said that the women who are responding to the appeal to the police as they prepare to go to court for the arrest in their hometown.
The police officer in Anambra State, Garba Baba Umaru gave the women support, saying to them.
Umaru told the women that 'as long as I am here, there is nothing going to happen to you, I will see that you get a perfect judgment.'
What happened in Ozubulu
Armed people went to St Phillips Catholic church to shoot people while they were churchgoers
The attack took 11 lives on the morning of August 6, 2017
The news said that it was a conflict between two people in South Africa that caused this.
This led to the investigation of the Nigerian and South African police.
Those who have been accused of becoming the target of the attack are: Onyebuchi Mbanefo, 46, Chukwudi Ugwu, 30 and Great Chinedu Akpunonu, 44
The case was still in court where the witnesses were able to appear every day.
The news that will interest you
Naiershade's burning market is now at hand
Benefits of training in Igbo culture
Two Nigerian soldiers have been killed in Plateau
I'm sorry to tell people that I'm concerned about singleness.
In Igbo land, a young woman for thirty years without a husband is experiencing excitement, infidelity and other problems.
Young women are marrying with a woman
The young women who are not married are being mistreated
Nkiru (woman did not include her father's name as we promised him) is more than 30 years working as a receptionist at their Lagos office but is not married.
Nkiru told the BBC journalist that his condition was causing him insults, abuse, discrimination and cruelty among his family and others.
The last time I went home, the household told me that I had returned home once again and that I had no man with my hand.
He also lamented that his father's brother (seater) did not give him and his sister enough for them because they had not yet been married.
Listen to what Nkiru said
Our householders told me if I should return home once again but I didn't find a husband.
In Igbo land, marriage is a requirement for a mature elder
According to a study by the National Demographic and Health Survey in 2013, in Nigeria, women aged 15 to 19 were 28 percent married and 35 to 39 were 89.4 percent married.
Benefits of training in Igbo culture
Will the fight end in Igbo land?
This claims that marriage is a ethnic culture in Nigeria.
But if a woman is old enough to get married but is not married, especially in the Eastern part of Nigeria, she is under surveillance and is afflicted with some of the results in life.
Gins and why?
As sociologists and sociologists explained, the common cause of mistreatment or persecution by unmarried women is culture and lack of good judgment.
In his speech, Dr. Adedeji Oyenuga who is a teacher of Societyology at the Lagos State University, explained that it is a custom and that some parents see their child's absence as a sign of their lack of adequate parenting.
It is based on tradition. There are times when a child is focused on his parents, but when a child grows old and grows old, a brother is expected to marry and a wife is expected to marry. if he does not do the same, especially if he is a woman, his parents will feel as if they have failed in raising him.
Dr. Nkechi Emma-Echiegu, a lecturer at Ebonyi State University, also said that it is a culture.
In Igbo land, it is the question of who is born, who is married.
He went on to say that it is a bad tradition that a girl is being abused or abused because of singleness.
Listen to what he said in grief
What brings unmarried life early:
Dr. Adedeji Oyenuga said that among the reasons for early singleness is a woman's academic achievement that can cause men to marry her to frighten her.
Furthermore, women are more than men in number. He also said that men are more likely to leave their birthplace than women are, so that marrying a partner is harmful.
What persecution of a young unmarried woman brings
According to Professor Oyenuga, the battle against the unmarried woman inflicts such glory as heavy drinking, smoking, severe deaths, severe stresses called 'depression', which can lead to severe deaths, bribes.
She said that she could lead to disasters of all kinds including fanaticism, malignant speech, unwholesome marriage, loss and brutal death.
They said that having insight will help you to overcome bad habits that make a single woman known to be insignificant.
In Oklahoma, a woman will go to prison for marrying her child
A mother has been sentenced to two years in prison for marrying her daughter in Oklahoma, America
Patricia Ann Spann with her son,Misty Dawn Spann
The mother married her son
Patricia Ann Spann, aged 45, admitted that she was married and had relationships with her 26-year-old daughter, Misty Velvet Dawn Spann.
The woman was taken with her children but came together again in 2014
They got married when the law to marry a woman or a man was abolished in the area.
Researchers found that Patricia Ann Spann had married her son when he was 18 years old, while a boyfriend had destroyed the union in 2010.
An interesting story
A former Catholic priest has got married
Our householders told me if I should return home once again but I didn't find a husband.
Dangote’s son has been married in Canada
It was the visit department that identified the woman and her child during their visit to their home.
According to the newspaper, Misty Spann destroyed her relationship with her mother in October last year after she argued that her mother had deceived her into the relationship.
Misty Spann said that her mother had told her that she and the three lawyers who gave her advice were going ahead and there was no problem in the case.
Patricia Ann Spann said that she believed that their union was not illegal because she did not keep her name in her daughter's genealogy as her mother where they met each other two years before they united.
Misty Spann admitted that she violated the law against blood relations. She was given ten years for investigation and visits on conscientious matters.
His mother, Patricia, will place an eight-year investigation on his imprisonment. His name will also be placed in front of him as a molester if he gets out of jail.
According to law in Oklahoma Locality, taking one's blood is an abuse of blood if they have or have no contact with one.
Igbo food: what you don't know about the food you eat
Cows are one of the most important foods in Igbo land, and they are one of the Igbos.
An announcement
Cows are left to rot before the seed is taken.
Many Igbos know that they don't know how to make crop before it becomes a food.
The crocodile has a tree that produces a large herb called 'breadfruit' in the English language. The crocodile is eaten with leafy leafy leafy leafy leafy leafy leafy leafy leafy leafy seed, while the seed inside it produces what we are eaten.
The clusters of the clusters, he fell from the stake to the ground, was allowed to rot before it was broken and the clusters of the clusters were released. So the Igbos say that 'the clusters until it collapsed'.
Before it is eaten, it will cross various roads such as:
How to prepare the hair
Opened
Or to see it in the fire
A cooking store
An announcement
Oil
Some also include onions, maggins and salad
Some put a box on the back while some put vegetables.
Some also add cereals
Some also put a pillow
Arthritis until it falls
How to prepare it
These things you must do before setting your goal:
Wash your cough with fresh water to ensure that it does not contain boils or rocks.
Put her in a cooking pot called 'pressure pot' and add water that will cover her well.
Some put a knife or a knife to keep it written and opened
If it is leavened and the water in it rises, add moisture, oil and salt.
Allow it to mix with the food items you put in it
Turn it around and then let it be in the fire to write down and read the psalms
A cup is one delicious dish that you can eat if you put or don’t add any cup
How to eat it
When it comes to some towns like Urualla in Imo state, they do not rescue their boiling water. They drink its water separately and eat their boiling water separately.
Some do not put food oil in their cages, while some leave fresh water in them so that they carry it to the water.
Cows are also grown with coconuts and coconuts.
Many people are fasting with open cords.
How to safeguard cough
It is rumored that he will call before being put in a bag for those who will buy it to go to the foreign country.
Before cooking, rush in the water from night till dawn in the morning. This will enable him to write a knife and rush when you can cook it.
what it gives in the body
Scientific research revealed that the earth has many healthful commodities, such as riboflavin, iron, niacin, thiamin, iron and fosforus. It also contains potassim, copper, iron, magnitude, calcium, zinc, manganese, cellin and fosforus and vitamin C.
It is good for the human soul. Some use the leaf to wash their heads because it destroys the avocado pandruff and stops hair loss.
It also contains a small fats known as saturated fats, colesterols and sodium.
Some are drinking traditional water while some are eating it and its water.
Other uses of it you do not know
Some of the crude oil is being added to the flavor (flavour)
The seeds of coconuts are used in what is commonly called flour
He is also being oiled
The news that will interest you
He is calling out in Enugu for Fayose's visit there.
We will take the government to court - ICSC
Benefits of training in Igbo culture
Death and haughtiness have fled people
The former sanctuary of garbage disposal and a doctor said that such a site produces various diseases.
Where they waste grass
Elijah from this area throwing straw brings serious illness
Those in the Ikosi, Isheri, or Ketu region of Lagos state are abusing to say that from government areas they are going to eradicate Olososun as a whole from Ojota.
Enugu state has this on the openway from Enugu to Port Harcourt.
The disappearance from these areas is so severe that in Lagos, some who have come to this area have been evacuated due to extreme headache.
In Lagos, the news stated that one child died because he could not breathe because the dead are all around.
For this reason, Lagos Governor Akinwunmi Ambode has closed the straw dump.
Governments and communities are always cutting grasshoppers.
What people are saying
But the bigotry still exists and people live here.
BBC Igbo called a man who called Samuel Osaze here on the phone.
He said that the embryo coming from here is the cause of serious illness.
The saliva is coming out because the government is always burning here. yesterday when I drove down the road to my home, big saliva is everywhere in the pasturage.
In 2013 Lagos Waste Management Agency LAWMA said that Lagos measured more than 13,000 tons of grass
A physician, Dr. Ikechukwu Mgbolu said that mosquitoes from garbage dumps infect a variety of diseases such as cholera (Cholera), Taifod, malaria) and naked fiva.
He also said that people with malaria (asthma) are not able to live near such a place.
Mgbolu said: 'The heavy smoke is infected by high blood pressure called 'upper respiratory infection' in the universe is not contaminated by carbon monoside in the sun'
Osaze said that this headache is now unbearable between the month of Mr. and Numbers all years for this season is the rainy season.
The inhabitants of Lagos waste grass every time on the road in Lagos
Osaze said, 'There is no civilized country that is now being burned with green grass because they know that the same behavior is seriously illogical.
The government should buy what is called the incinerator in the English language.
Governor Ambode has said that any weeds will be thrown away there again because of the various diseases it infects.
It is up to the rest of the state to say what they will do when grass loss is in the center of their country.
The news that will interest you
Buhari's means to cancel Rwanda's journey
Are these banks stealing Nigerians?
A suicidal Uber car killed people in America
A Uber driver killed a woman in Tempe city in Arizona, in the United States
Uber
Uber has expressed sorrow over the woman they had killed
Uber stakeholders in the automotive industry have said that they have stopped driving after one of their vehicles hit a 49-year-old woman crossing the road in Tempe in Arizona.
According to the report, the tragedy caused the Uber Company to stop the self-driving test that they started.
Uber chairman Dara Khosrowshahi said on Twitter that the death was a 'heartache'
We are concerned about the family affected by the tragedy and we are working with the police to see how things happened.
This accident doesn't matter how much Uber is affected, it will affect efforts to produce a self-driving car for sleeping transportation.
The news that will interest you
We will take the government to court - ICSC
Are these banks stealing Nigerians?
Putin will rule Russia for another six years
But if they pay the price of a monetary change, it will enable many of the bills invested in Nigeria to survive.
In recent years, Nigeria has had a financial crisis as its economy failed because of the downturn of oil prices on the international market.
It is the situation that, as Uwaleke said, it would not be fitting for Nigeria to follow the IMF status.
Uwaleke said that if Nigeria had it now, he would be sick to pay his debt in overseas because it would be too expensive.
An interesting story
What does Nigeria get from CHOGM?
Did Nigerians not attend meetings in America?
Police have blocked Dino Melaye's home
World Cancer Day: How I got cancer - Winner of breast cancer
Gloria Orji is the Igbo lady who defeated cancer and was healthy, saying that where she defeated cancer, another person will defeat cancer.
Cancer is a worldly threat to the killing of people.
Worse still, those seeking treatment are looking for but there has not been any medication available for the treatment.
The 2019 cancer commemoration theme is 'I am able and able', which means that we can all attack cancer.
But lady Gloria who was diagnosed with breast cancer in 2010, underwent surgery, committed suicide and all the other things that led to her defeat was disease.
In his words, 'Kasa is no death penalty', now, he is intervening in the case of women with cancer.
He told Igbo BBC how he defeated him was a worldly threatening disease.
Bill Cosby has been convicted of female assault
Bill Cosby can jail up to thirty for raping a woman.
Bill Cosby
Bill Cosby was a well - known comedian
The American Court has ruled that Bill Cosby was convicted on three charges against him as a rapist.
it was Andrea Constand who was a basketball player in the court case of Cosby in 2004
Deliver Nnamdi Kanu's day of judgment
The court has ordered the arrest of Innoson
Cosby is 80 years old, still pronounces the accusation, but he may be imprisoned for 30 years.
This is the second time cosby is defending herself in court for women's assaults.
Bill Cosby is a celebrant and a video entitled The Cosby Show.
Many women are still accusing cosby of violent assault but cosby said they are all hateful.
An interesting story
MasSOB-Ebe Buhari does not do any good
See the variety of foods produced from bones
Codeine, album
Codeine, album' is the story of how the use of tuberculosis in Nigeria is causing the lives of young people to perish by BBC.
Codeine, amulets' is the story of how the use of tuberculosis is ruining the lives of young Nigerians.
BBC reporters made a secret investigation on how drug manufacturers, sellers, were selling drugs to children in a way that violated the Nigerian law.
Codeine album: Emzor has dismissed workers
Emzor Pharmaceuticals have dismissed one of their agents for investigation, Codeine Orthodoxy' by the BBC.
A boy is taking tuberculosis,copdeine
Reports say that politicians are offering drugs to youths as gifts.
The Nigerian pharmaceutical company, Emzor Pharmaceuticalals, has discharged one worker, and both jobs have been severely stopped because of their illegal use of codeine cough, as the BBC investigation showed that the cough has destroyed the lives of Nigerian youths.
Emzor dismissed one of their clients who sold drugs to BBC journalist, Emzolyn syrup.
They said this in the social media after BBC released their video on Monday, 30th of April.
In the video stolen for one o’clock, a pharmacist group, including an Emzor worker, was shown selling tuberculosis to people by family means.
The viewers of the video in Lagos yesterday were angry and angry
One said that the politicians are putting oil into the fire in Kano as he said they are distributing this medicine to youths as a gift.
But the Emzor office has said that they do not sell drugs in an improper way.
They also said that they had stopped selling Emzolyn's Codeine until they would finish investigation on allegedly selling their tuberculosis in an unfair way.
Emzor had stopped one of their customers and eventually dismissed him from his job.
Emzor Pharmaceuticals is a company that honors itself and honors itself.
They have more than 120 drug licenses including Emzolyn Codeine by NAFDAC.
They continued: The distribution of Emzolyn Codeine yue has been stopped after a thorough investigation will be done.
In a discussion with the BBC and the director of the Ministry of Training andpharmacists in Nigeria in the Eastern Region, J.C Okafor, he said there is a law guaranteeing the distribution of codeine tobacco, and if any agency finds that it is being distributed improperly, it will be banned.
Okafor said, 'We have a plan to distribute codeine to Nigeria which makes it impossible to buy without a doctor's salary.
Any company found broke the bill, and we are closing it.
Nigerian shoplifting is blaming Emzor for their own hands and tuberculosis problems among young people.
One person asked the company: So, if the BBC does not reveal the discovery, will your company do nothing to stop the use of this drug among youths?
Are not workers aware of what they are doing?
Another person, Mairo Mandara, called for the government to ban the sale of cough drug containing codeine.
Codeine: NAFDAC has attacked four companies and confiscated a number of drugs
NAFDAC said that they will try to stop all agencies that promote codeine abuse in Nigeria
NAFDAC staff
All the while while NAFDAC invades drug industry in Nigeria
Nigeria's Food and Drug Safety Corps called NAFDAC in the name of the aftermath attacked four pharmaceutical companies in Lagos, Ilorin and Kano.
The attack, followed the BBC's investigation which showed how people spoil codine cough drugs.
NAFDAC said that the attack, showed that these companies are still producing codine tobacco products more than the number of local law permits them to produce.
Mmachi Codeine: Dextromethorphan will go?
Government has banned codeine
Codeine album: Emzor has dismissed workers
The wife of the president has cried out for codeine
The NAFDAC chairman Mosesola Adeye, told the journalists that now, they are investigating the role of the four BBC agencies in their films.
In his speech: 'We have confiscated many codine drugs in the Ilorin pharmacy.
The Bioraj Pharmaceuticalals said that they have violently dismissed their employer, Junaid Hassan, and Emzor said that they have dismissed their employer, Chukwunonye Madubuike.
They both appeared on BBC video as hand sellers of codeine.
But stakeholders say that the government should punish the stakeholders more than the investigation is being carried out.
Other stories that will comfort you:
Fourth of the journalists said that there is distress in the work.
The court has refused to leave Dino Melaye until June 11
Buhari has shut down Nigeria on his US trip
The Nigerian president, Muhammadu Buhari has shut up Nigeria from the United States after he stopped in London.
Muhammadu Buhari
Buhari and Trump fight for fighting terrorists
The Nigerian president, Muhammadu Buhari has traveled to the United States to visit the Nigerian president Donald Trump.
The aircraft that was hit by the president's airport of Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, Abuja at 10 : 00 p.m.
Some government officials went to welcome him.
President's spokesman Femi Adesina told the newsmen this after the plane collapsed.
President Buhari will go to America tomorrow
See what Buhari and Trump did
Buhari's fourth likeness to Trump
Buhari who left Washington DC on Tuesday after he had a meeting with Trump in London
A prominent spokesman for the president in the media, Garba Shehu, has been a sudden interruption to investigate aircraft said that it is because the majority of the commander's flights are still beyond repair.
He also said that Buhari used a light bullet to fly a long way, which caused him to stop in Britain.
Shehu said the stop was for putting oil on his plane and checking the flight before receiving Nigeria.
He said that nothing is worthwhile and is a stopover because the president is reinstating Nigeria
But look at what people are saying on social media:
The news that will interest you
Only some would agree that Buhari has done well.
NAFDAC has attacked four companies for codeine
Do you know that killing someone who wants to die is wrong in Nigeria?
President Buhari has returned to London for medical journeys
President Muhammadu Buhari is going to see his doctor who told him to come for his visit and treatment.
Buhari
It has not been a week before Buhari returned from America when he has a congregation with Donald Trump.
President Muhammadu Buhari will leave for London today while receiving treatment for his illness.
The document written by the president's spokesman Garba Shehu stated that the president will stay for four days during a trip.
He said that when the president visited London for repair and oil in his aircraft when he returned from the United States, he met with his doctor.
Buhari has shut down Nigeria on his US trip
Buhari will go to work travel in UK today
Why did Buhari come to Lagos?
He said that his doctor told him to come back and the president promised him that he would come.
The president will return on Saturday, May 12
Shehu said that when he returned, he would visit Jigawa state, a trip taken for the APC meeting.
The trip will take place on Monday 14 and Tuesday 15 this month, May.
Remember that the president is receiving treatment in London but has not told Nigeria about his condition.
An interesting story
Lagos: 2131 pregnant women are suffering from HIV
45 corpses have been found in Gwaska
Igbo will not fight independent war anymore
Sweet sweet codeine: Nafdac has shut down three codeine companies
Nafdac has shut down the agency of Bioraj, Peace and Emzor for the unfair distribution of codine tobacco.
Codeine, album
Many youths suffer from asthma and various diseases as a result of overindulgence in tuberculosis
Food management and pharmaceutical industry, Nafdac, has shut down three hospitals; Bioraj Pharmaceutical Limited, Emzor Pharmaceuticalals Ind.
Ltd and Peace Standard Pharmaceutical Limited are partners with illegal trafficking of codeine cough drugs.
The BBC released a report with their confidential investigation that revealed how the three companies used the backdrop to sell the illegal drug as it was sold only when the doctor gave literature, to the youths confused.
Codeine, tomato
Codeine album: Emzor has dismissed workers
Government has banned codeine
In a letter issued by the head of Nafdac Mosesola Adeyeye, the closure followed their investigation as they did in the industries.
In view of the lack of sufficient evidence in an effort to prevent the release of timely papers we conducted our inspection on 2 May, at their facilities inlorin and Lagos, three industries — Peace Standard Pharmaceutical Limited ; Bioraj Pharmaceutical Limited and Emzor Pharmaceutical Ind Ltd were needed to be closed.
This is to allow for a thorough investigation.
Nafdac is doing the following inspection for the BBC's investigation on the drug.