The news that will interest you:
Joseph Achuzie, Dike Biafra has gone
Dapchi: Government has not emerged from Boko Haram - Massob
Tottenham awaits FA Cup defeat in Rochadale
Son Heung-min, Fernando Llorente and Kyle Walter-Peters of Tottenham were the winners of Rochadale's match yesterday.
Tottenham's Son Heung-min and his team are happy when he scored in the FA Cup
Tottenham has won the FA cup eight times
In the match, Tottenham team scored Rochadale six goals to one in the FA competition.
This resulted in Tottenham and Swansea's quarter-final match in the FA Cup which will be played on 17 March.
Son Heung-min scored the first and fifth goal. Fernando Llorente scored three goals in the twenty-two minutes in the second round, while Kyle Walter- Peters scored the first goal.
Son Heung-min stops Rochadale club football
What will happen next?
Tottenham will go to Wembley Stadium on March 3. They will compete with Huddersfield in the Premier League, before they compete with Juventus in the Champions League on March 7.
Rochdale's team has 16 matches to independently defeat them to relegation in the same league.
Their first match will be for them at Plymouth on March 3.
The news that will interest you:
Guardiola has won his first cup in England
Champions League: Neymar has defeated
Police Chief: Set up clothes before you stop turning them
The police chief has urged governors to open their shops before proceeding to their shops in their state.
Ibrahim Idris
The police chief Ibrahim Idris has said that the state should be the priority to leaving the land for agricultural education before they stop farming.
The police chief said this yesterday while attending a community security meeting affected, he said it would help solve problems and reconciliation between farmers and farmers.
He went on to say that the problem that occurred in Benue was that the state government did not restrict harvests before they stopped harvesting.
In the meeting with the theme, 'National Development: Security Crisis and the need to find a proper way to stop it,' the crisis between farmers and farmers has not emerged during the presidency of Muhammdu Buhari.
Idris said: In my view, in order to reduce the conflict between farmers and farmers, the state government will try to check the fields of farming in their states before enacting a law to stop farming.
The news that will interest you:
Market has burnt in Alaba International
For Achuzia, we will see that Biafra is over.'
In Imo state, the flora has a lot of wild meat.
The Imo state's animal giraffe has a variety of wild animals.
There are different animals in their homes in Imo state.
These animals were also housed properly so that they could be good.
Timothy's son George Weah has begun to compete in PSG
Timothy Weah has gone to PSG while his father George Weah was a prominent musician from 1992 to 1995.
Timothy Weah
Will Timothy Weah succeed his father as people think?
Liberian president's son, George Weah, Timothy Weah has started playing in PSG, where his father had previously played.
Timothy came out yesterday as PSG and Troyes played.
While Neymar and Kylian Mbappe were not on board because of their injured body, Angel di Maria and Christopher Nkunku were those who scored PSG goal to win in the competition.
Neymar and Mbappe without him gave Weah a chance to play in the competition.
George Weah scored 55 goals at PSG
Nna Timothy, George Weah played for PSG 23 years ago, before he went to AC Milan.
PSG has 10 competitions ahead, of which they should get 17 points if they win this year's French League.
They will meet with Real Madrid on Tuesday to play their second Champions League match. In the first round, Real Madrid defeated them 3-1
Their singer Neymar will not compete again in this season because of the body he was injured.
The news that will interest you:
Nigerian government has shut down a plane searching for Dapchi's children
A man has killed his children in Awada
The words of the Fulani ruling people have caught many
Charly Boy has said that he wants the exceptional youths to rule Nigeria
Charles Oputa who is known for 'Charly Boy' has expressed anger over the Nigerian government system.
A well-known Nigerian youth leader, Charly Boy said he was disappointed with the situation of Nigeria.
When the Igbo BBC interviewed him, he asked 'Why did he become Nigeria's bad ruler?
Charly Boy said that he wants special youths he will prepare for the Nigerian presidency.
'I have been angry for the past thirty-five years that Nigeria's appointment will be for special youths,' Charly Boy said.
Oscars 2018: Kobe Bryant is among the winners
American basketball player Kobe Bryant has been surprised by the winners of the video.
Kobe Bryant, a well-known American footballer
Special victory- Kobe Bryant has defeated.
Unfortunately, Kobe Bryant, a well-known American basketball player, has failed in the Oscars category.
He took advantage of this for a video that was young.
See others who have won the Oscars this morning
The winners
The Shape of Water has the award of 'Best Photo.'
Frances McDormand gets 'Best Actress' for Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
The winner of 'Best actor' is Gary Oldman for Darkest Hour
Guillermo Del Toro gets 'Best Director' for The Shape of Water
Get Out by Jordan Peele got 'Best original screenplay'
Oscars 2018: movie productions
What the award has been said about him in Hollywood
Watch photos of people's appearances on a red carpet
Danai Gurira made the movie Black Panther and Walking Dead showing what happened on his side
The 90th Academy Awards award, popularly known as the Oscars, took place at night with people showing their enthusiasm.
See what the actors of the show are coming to this event.
Daniel Kaluuya
Daniel Kaluuya is a British producer for Get Out among the Oscars awards.
Lupita Nyong'o
Lupita Nyong'o got the Oscars in 2012 for his performance titled 12 Years a Slave.
Jennifer Lawrence
Jennifer Lawrence's uniform made the Hunger Games show with an Oscar award
Andara Day
Andara Day is an American singer and singer, drawing the floor and the red carpet, said people came and washed his clothes.
Oscars 2018: How to Go
Black Panther is good
Africa showed in the opening ceremony of 'Black Panther'
Black Panther: What's wrong with you in this movie?
Tom Holland
Tom Holland made the movie Spider Man in good clothes and came to announce the winner of the ceremony.
Chadwick Boseman
Chadwick Boseman is the king of T'challa of Wakanda in the Black Panther show that Givenchy came to Oscars
Ashley Judd
Ashley Judd who was part of Time's Up's post appeared in a red carpet.
Adam Rippon
Adam Rippon at the Olympic Games called figure skating led people to shouting him as he was dressed in a brilliant cloth that made him look like he came from the Fifty Shades Of Grey movie.
Salman Hayek
Halman Sayek dresses out of clothes
Darrell Britt-Gibson
The photographers have been moving as Darrell Britt-Gibson made the Three Billboards show up on a red carpet.
Whoopi Goldberg
Whoopi Goldberg's clothes were made like a dragon.
Patrick Stewart
Sir Patrick Stewart made a film by X-men edited Time's Up in his uniform as he gave the audience a photo of praise.
Sally Hawkins
Sally Hawkins, a British member of the nominees, won the award for The Shape of Water which she made to the audience a glorious photograph.
Saoirse Roman
Saoirse Roman made Lady Bird' red carpet Oscars film 10 years after her first release in 2008 when she was still a 13-year-old boy.
Meryl Streep
Meryl Streep has been named for winning the Oscars awards 21 times since he started filming.
Margot Robbie
Margot Robbie did Tonya's best in making red carpet.
Tiffany Haddish
Tiffany Haddish commemorates the well-known African culture of Eritrea's women in Ethiopia
All of these photos contain copyright.
What other African countries make Nigeria better in the movie
It comes to the world's Oscars best actor, the African community represents a hundred Nigerians.
Oscars award removal
2018 marks 90 years of playing the Oscars in Hollywood
After the Oscars which was the most expensive show in the world of television in 2018, Igbo BBC has shown and seen that other African countries are better Nigeria in terms of video.
Oscars 2018: Between Africa and Nigeria
BBC observed that although some Nigerian filmmakers are putting some Hollywood players in their films, it has not made them think that the nominees get any games in Hollywood.
Nollywood are the producers in Nigeria and other parts of Africa among those named, and other African countries have shown them more.
Lupita Nyong'o, a Kenyan citizen living in America, got the award of 'the best actress' in 2013
In the last few years, Nigeria was seen as a 'dike' in Africa, but now it's just like others have passed over to them.
While Nollywood itself is ranked second in the movie world producing more than 1000 films in a year, Hollywood is producing less than that but it does not assure them that they are the best producers in the world.
But coming from Africa, Kenya and South Africa are most showing Nigeria in terms of winning the Oscars.
Head in South Africa
What concerns me is the security of the country's economy
How Senators Consume Nigerian Money
See who's in the senate's face
Nigerian youths have thanked Buhari for calling them 'dead'
Nigerian youths do not agree with Buhari's statements that CHOGM is dead.
Muhammadu Buhari
Nigerians are saying that President Muhammadu Buhari is sometimes raping them in the country and abroad
People are still talking about the 'death' of the Nigerian president called the youths.
As Buhari went to London for a meeting of the Commonwealth leaders called CHOGM, he said that the Nigerian youths are lazy.
The statement he said did not disappoint most Nigerians, which led to their anger on social media.
Three statements that Buhari 'killed Nigeria in the land'
Buhari's speech is for youths
The president will not pay tribute to Nigerians
Buhari's spokesman, Femi Adesina, said that Nigerians did not understand what he said.
What Adesina said does not stop people from saying their intentions.
#LazyNigerian youths are saying
Many of them went on to show their role, saying that they are not dead despite Nigeria's poor land.
A clergymen contributed to the matter.
Some said how they helped them save themselves from school by their efforts.
Some said that they will not support Buhari in 2019
A candidate shows a candidate who has a job while working with him
Who will be the new president in Commonwealth?
Commonwealth chiefs are calling on them to determine if the Wales girl will represent her mother as the head of the department.
Elizabeth's wife
A British woman wants her son Charles to take over.
The leaders of the Commonwealth are calling on them to discuss whether a Wales girl will be represented for her mother as the president who will take over 53 counties.
On Tuesday, a British woman decided that her son Charles would rule CHOGM in Buckingham Palace.
According to him, it was his interest that his son Charles took CHOGM one day.
But the position is not what this woman gives to her child or thanks that she is dead.
Commonwealth heads are expected to decide who will rule if they stay in Windsor Castle but there is no evidence that he will be declared at the meeting.
Is there no other person who can take over Commonwealth?
BBC journalist James Landale said that the appeal was endorsed as the position was taking place among the countrymen in Commonwealth.
But South Africa President Cyril Ramaphosa has denied his visit to the meeting in London to clarify the cause of the attack in his country.
The attack is being carried out in South Africa where the rebels are calling for jobs, shelter and pollution stop.
What is the role of the Commonwealth President?
The position of the British lady is very important.
The department is coordinating fifty-three countries to ensure that the Commonwealth constitution is fully implemented.
This includes the unification of these nations through trade and international relations throughout the world.
An interesting story
Chimamanda said that he was attacked
The president will not pay tribute to Nigerians
Nigerian youths have helped Buhari
The chairman of the group visited all countries in the same group, to strengthen the agreement.
It is the leadership of this group that decides who will be their deputy president.
Prime Minister Theresa May and Canada Prime Minister Justin Trudeau have approved the late Charles as the president.
What is CHOGM?
CHOGM is the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting in English.
It is a meeting of leaders of the Commonwealth, which is being held for two years.
The actors are the chiefs and 35 Prime Ministers of the country and their families, who speak to them with journalists.
The annual meeting took place in London, where the last in 2015 was in Valletta, Malta.
The money borrowed from Imo will not be borrowed from our bags - Rochas spokesman
The Imo state government is saying that the tax scheme is not in their favour, but they will use it with N10m support.
Rochas Okorocha and the Ogoni king, King Godwin Gininwa
Rochas Okorocha's administration will end in 2019
As the news suggests that the Imo state government has told all contractors who have done their job to pay N3,000, the Imo state government says it does not care for them as the money is important.
Ebere Iwuji who is the spokesman of the governor on media told the Igbo BBC on phone that the fee would only be paid once.
He also said that funding would be used to support the various projects of the communities in the Imo state.
Even though the news says it is six million naira for a country, Nzewuji said there is no name for the money, because it is the people who live in a country now need to pay this tax.
Nzewuji said 'This will not belong to the Imo state government, it is owned by the Community Government Council (CGC).
Nzewuji went on to say that the Imo state government will use ten million naira to fund the fund, as they look forward to ensuring that it will be taken to the manufacturing industry and other things the country needs.
It is believed that everyone who wants prosperity will want to support it, especially when they are investing in rural development projects, Nzewuji said.
Nzewuji went on to explain that none of the citizens were paid for the matter.
Listen to his explanation here:
Other news that will interest you:
Why Nigerians are giving one way in ten ways
The president will not pay tribute to Nigerians
The most important news of this evening: Buhari is Nigeria's father
What are the parties that will contest for the expulsion of APC?
The 2019 elections were bitter as some united parties wanted to remove the APC from office in 2019.
Olusegun Obasanjo
Olusegun Obasanjo resigned in 1999
Many members of the party who are in the leadership of APC as well as those who are saying that Nigeria is trying to withdraw from Buhari's party in 2019.
Reports say that many parties may start gathering in the coming weeks to resolve any controversy in the upcoming election.
Those involved in the coalition of the party are the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), some of the leading members of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Social Democratic Party, and other small parties of up to twenty-three.
and the Coalition for Nigeria Movement (CNM) of the former Nigerian president, Olusegun Obasanjo.
Obasanjo's coordination team has been launched
2019 election: Keyamo is Buhari's spokesman
Buhari: I will contest in 2019
APC took office in 2015
Those who took over the president in Nigeria, the military chiefs have postponed the break including the soldier T.Y Danjuma who is supporting the attack.
According to one of the prominent candidates, 'this will not be the result of the development of the APC.
We are not referring to INEC's transformation agency.
This new party will give everyone the opportunity to express his heart.
Those in the house of assembly and the ninety-nine governors are supporting it.
PDP ruled Nigeria 16 years before APC took over
On the other hand, PDP is still being chosen if they will change their party's name.
The party chairman Uche Secondus said that he and his team are still taking over it.
But people are saying that instead of changing names, the PDP has created a variety of ways to destroy Nigeria and remove APC from power.
The news that will interest you:
what is used for the imposition of N 3000 in Imo
receiving treatment has shut down the health workers
Nigerian youths have helped Buhari
A dead attack on Father's church
The victims of the attack on the Catholic Church Assembly in Uke Anambra State injured many and destroyed 30 vehicles.
The youths are fighting for death
Killing is a cultural event known for the Igbos.
The survivors of the event, 'The Way' in Uke in Idemili Nọt Local Government Area of Anambra State attacked a Catholic Church Assembly and destroyed more than 30 vehicles, injuring many people, where one of their dear ones was believed to have died on Saturday.
The commander-in-chief of the congregation, Father Emmanuel Obimma, known as 'The Prophet' and other pioneers, said the titled women came there and robbed the youths and attacked those who went to worship during their preaching funeral at Friday evening early Saturday morning.
The first assistant, Francis Okoye told the BBC correspondent in a phone call that the deceased attacked the meeting place around 8pm and injured many people and damaged more than 30 vehicles.
Aguleri and Igbo are not the beginning of the Igbos
A man has killed his children in Awada
After the matter ended, we replied their damaged vehicle for three times.
They injured many people.
He had a good person's salary and was taken to the hospital.
We don't know if he is alive or dead.
It was noted that the Uke youths did this in favor of the massacre of the church because, while the church was being carried out, death continues if it was about 6pm but the dead were picked up while the church was about 8pm.
They started telling drivers people to come to church, collecting their money and their phones.
Many vehicles were destroyed by deaths in the gathering.
Our security personnel managed to stop them from breaking things but when we noticed that things were happening, we called the police.
They came to arrest some of them.
The police in Anambra state said in fact that the church was attacked in Uke but they said that no one died.
The spokesman of the police in the state, Nkiru Nwode told the BBC that 'We have killed three people, we are investigating what happened there.'
The news stated that this is not the first time the youths in the country are mourning the attendants of the special Catholic congregation that is taking place on Friday night with more than twenty portions of the week.
Those who attended the incident said that the youths in the country are suffering from drivers and church members who are losing money to them and taking some things to them.
In Sunday, they commended Father Obimma's worker who made the attempt to disperse the policemen who caught the youths and removed them from the time when the countrymen and the countrymen were fighting.
It was alleged that the youths were persecuting the clergymen who were regularly persecuting the people of the church.
The news that will interest you:
Up to 88,000 children may die from hunger
Benue: The monarchs have killed 20 people
What are the parties that will contest for the expulsion of APC?
Ezeife: the Igbos will ask Buhari again
Ezeife and some speakers have stated that asking the Igbos to support Buhari for a post in 2023 is false.
Chukwuemeka Ezeife and some Igbos
Chukwuemeka Ezeife, the Igbo-Ukwu former governor of Anambra State is one of the Igbo spokesperson in Nigeria
Those who live in Igbo have said that the youths will ask for President Buhari's support in the 2019 elections as they did in 2015.
They urged the Igbos to immediately know that if they support President Buhari to take part in another election in 2019 and the presidency that will meet the Igbos is a promise given to a woman above the roof, because it is false.
Finally, the figures of the APC including the Minister of Transport, Rotimi Amaechi, Secretary of the Federal Government, Boss Mustafa and the Head of Voice of Nigeria, Osita Okechukwu, urged the Igbos to trust Buhari in 2019, as much as they reach in 2023.
Give the 2019 Igbo president - Balarabe Musa
The Igbos are being killed as victims'
But some Igbos said that the issue was a mistake to get the Igbo vote, claiming that those like Buhari praised the Igbos for his registration in 2015, that they would not give it in the 2019 elections.
In his conversation with the Sun news agency, Dr Chukwuemeka Ezeife who was the former governor of Anambra state said: 'It is not going to be done.
I don't think we should ask people for the presidency.
My intention is that we will go and pray to God, who knows that if an Igbo takes the position as president, he will be good for the Fulani, who are good Yoruba, as well as those in Nigeria who are good because we will change the situation of the Nigerian economy as he continues.
Talking about 2023 is unfair, everybody is talking about it to blame the Greek.'
Similarly, former president of Ohanaeze Ndigbo, Dozie Ikedife, said that the Igbos who promised to get the presidency did not get anything in the past.
He told the Sun news agency: 'The Igbos had made many such promises in the past, and our people were also angry.
If a person tells you twice or three times, when it comes to the fourth, you avoid thinking.
This land is dead.
Ikedife went on to say: 'I am concerned that this party will be law-abiding and negotiating to get Biafra and not fighting or punishing anyone.'
Remember in 2015, many Igbos did not disregard Buhari's election document which led to him assuming he would not give 95 per cent support and 5 per cent salary to those who gave him a single salary.
The news that will interest you:
A dead kidnapped Catholic Church in Anambra
Up to eighty-eight thousand children may die from infection
Benue: The monarchs have killed 20 people
A man has attacked a girl in America
The police are searching for a man who attacked food consumers and killed four people while four others were injured.
Shut down the scene of the incident
The police found a gun to attack the building.
The police said that a man who was kidnapped had killed four people in a restaurant in Nashville in the United States.
The man entered the restaurant around 8am in Antioch and started taking gun of people.
Four other people were injured before another man ate him with a brother's gun and fled.
The police have named the man as twenty-year-old Travis Reinking who is from Illinois where they are searching for him.
An interesting story
A dead kidnapped Catholic Church in Anambra
Up to 88,000 children may die from hunger
Benue: The monarchs have killed 20 people
Soyinka: rainfall in 2019
Wole Soyinka
Nobel winner, Wole Soyinka has said that true governance has passed away in Nigeria
Wole Soyinka cautioned Nigerians
Wole Soyinka who is also the well-known secretary has urged Nigerians to be careful not to allow the politicians to reject them in the upcoming 2019 elections.
Soyinka, who said this on Sunday in commemoration of the birthday ceremony of the late well-known lawyer, Gani Fawehinmi, which took place in Lagos said that the Nigerian community and the onyekwucheya administration are in trouble now.
It follows that those who put Nigeria in the problems it is facing now through their plans, have been recruited as investors as elections are coming, and urged Nigerians to rally on politicians to give the newly elected candidates the opportunity to take over.
Buhari has had talks with APC leaders
Wole Soyinka: Congratulations are better than peace
He said: 'It is not seen that the monarchy is in trouble.
It's not about the monarchy, our country is in trouble.
I don't think there's a time in all life in the world, especially in this country when it's time to keep all these things together.
We all know this.
The question is that we see it as an opportunity to rescue so that we are with them the opportunity to continue doing the things that happened in our country at the end of the year.
It is not a new story of the need to do what will protect the unity of Nigeria.
It is surprising that those who are the enemies of the monarchy who supported the initiative that led us to our current situation are those who showed themselves as the observers of the Nigerian land, a country that has a population of 200 million people.
Soyinka went on to advise Nigerians to be careful for the flooding.
The news that will interest you:
A dead kidnapped Catholic Church in Anambra
Up to 88,000 children may die from hunger
Benue: The monarchs have killed 20 people
I repeated that while talking about the creation of a Nigerian land, one or two represents those with those in its leadership.
People are also asked to look at them because those who are committed to themselves and these are those who took over Nigeria in today's unknown leadership position.
Why are Nigerians not going to meet in America?
The Nigerian government has angered them for what happened at a meeting of investors in Nigeria and the ministers in America.
Yemi Osibanjo in Abuja
Yemi Osibanjo was part of a meeting with the names in the book.
Many representatives of the Nigerian government thought that they were at the Nigerian and American Ministry of State meeting held in Washington DC did not prove to be an event.
The arrival of the government would not make people wonder that Nigeria will not get foreign funding.
Those who should go here include Vice President Yemi Osinbajo, Minister of Finance Kemi Adeosun, Minister of Petroleum Ibe Kwachukwu, Minister of Agriculture Audu Ogbeh, Minister of Technology Ogbonnaya Onu, Minister of Information Lai Mohammed, Minister of Internal Affairs Kayode Fayemi and Minister of Information Okechukwu Enelamah.
tax on drinking has invested
Switzerland has agreed to return Abacha's money
One of the people who were surprised by the government was the Emir of Kano Sanusi Lamido, who served as the Managing Director of Central Banks in Nigeria.
What Sanusi said
Sanusi said that the advocate for investment in Africa, 'he has Nigeria, he has Ghana, he has Rwanda, Kenya and South Africa'.
He went on to say, 'Nigeria is more likely than any other person in taxation, but it can say instead it will put $500 in Nigeria, if I put $100 in Ghana, $100 in Rwanda, $100 in Code Vuwa, for a promotional award.'
We went to meet with those with the money they invested in the country, we had to start at nine hours, and we started at ten hours.
When I arrived there, they called me to the house of the Nigerian representative.
Those who attended the meeting were there, the Vice President was not, the ministers were not, Sanusi said.
Sanusi said that the incident was wrong, because it shows that Nigeria has not received approval for the matter.
He said, 'You called on people to come and see how it is done in Nigeria, but you did not come.
Even so there are people who will invest in Nigeria.
If it was the Rwandans who organized the meeting, their president Kagame would be there telling the people to come to Rwanda.
People were involved in the matter on social media.
A person with the hashtag @SegunAndrews believes in what Sanusi said.
But, the government has said that they are not going like this.
La Mohammed the Minister of Information has sent a message saying that it is not true that those who should attend the meeting will not attend.
Mohammed says that the ministers in the event did not get a letter from them, or stayed in Washington DC during the meeting.
He said that the Minister of Agriculture, of electricity and services and of economic growth did not get the certificate despite their name in the document to be addressed at the meeting.
The Minister of Foreign Affairs joined the president for a meeting of the governors of the Commonwealth countries living in London.
Minister of Finance is in Washington DC, but it is for the World Bank meeting with IMF.
He went on to say that the Minister of Information and Culture got a letter, but he asked him to tell the organizers that he would not complain about other things he had in him.
Lai Mohammed said, 'These shows that it should not be said that the Minister is not allowed to attend a meeting.
Listen to the death of Igbo
Ikeogu Oke earned $100,000 as Nigeria's best event writer in 2017.
The winner of the award as the most academic in Nigeria in 2017 Ikeogu Oke has said that Igbo language will not die if the Igbos call it important.
Ikeogu got $100,000 as the Nigerian Prize of Literature for his book, The Heresiad.
What made the book unique is that it was written in Igbo literature.
In a conversation with Igbo BBC, Mr Oke spoke about Igbo language security, and who he thinks he should be with.
The federal government has said what will be done with Abacha's total money
Kemi Adeosun the Minister of Finance has said what the Federal Government will use Abacha's money to do in Nigeria.
Kemi Adeosun and Christine Lagarde are the chairman of the IMF
The Nigerian government has approved the use of more than $300 million Abacha funds to be returned by the Swiss government.
Minister of Finance, Kemi Adeosun has said that the money would be used to buy corrupt as President Buhari promised in his bid for office.
He said this while addressing journalists at the summit of the world's monopoly sector, the IMF, which is trying to disappoint what happened in Washington and America.
Adeosun said the money has been invested in a special sector in the Nigerian bank called the CBN in a bid to commence the creation of plans that will help the poor.
tax on drinking has invested
The senators have called the head of the bank
In a message he spoke, he said the federal government is hopeful that they are developing their own plans, in which Nigeria will be better.
In his remark, 'We are putting these plans in Nigeria's production, economy and economy will rise.
What is Nigeria getting from CHOGM?
A Igbo man has defeated Big Brother Naija
Will Nigerians not meet in America?
Three things that have a lot of exchange rates
The IMF urged Nigeria to coordinate its exchange rates as one, while experts are saying the problem is having more.
Naira
EFCC said that Umar wants a million naira
In order to strengthen Nigeria's exchange rate, the IMF has advised Nigeria to unite its exchange rate.
Nigeria has at least five currency exchange; one for fuel producers in Nigeria, one for priests travelling to Saudi Arabia, one for Christian Christians travelling to Saudi Arabia, one for students abroad and one for government institutions.
As economists Pat Utomi and Uche Uwaleke explained to BBC journalist, having a lot of money change is difficult.
See some of the challenges of having a lot of money exchange:
It is causing damage
Pat Utomi explained that he is doing 'who gives a person the opportunity to invest in the economy and throw it away, but who needs the money to what he will use to produce goods in our country and who does not know that someone will not help him.
It is not good for business progress.'
Where Abacha's money will come
Monetary Exchange: has the dollar collapsed on the side of Naira?
In his words, Uche Uwaleke explained, 'Because the government's exchange rate is N305, a person is borrowed from that rate, he can leave what he said to go, and another person is N365, to get a rate. But if there is one exchange rate, you can't turn it back.'
It is enforcing investment and production in the country.
Uwaleke said that having a lot of exchange makes many of them lazy
The best they can do is buy expensive money, and you can only have a product.
He is concerned about the integration of the country's economy.
Utomi said that 'If people are receiving foreign exchange funds in the country to take their child to school, it will make everyone who wants to take his child to school, the schools in our country will go to school in the country.
Saraki and Ekweremadu: what people are saying about their prevention
Ekweremadu'shake his assets'
Nigeria's peace has been added to Ekweremadu again
A total of 109 senators, if 108 people are in Ekweremmadu's house now, it means they are all in his house.
Remember that the Senate decided today that security personnel should immediately leave the house of senate deputy Ike Ekweremadu, where they attacked today.
Ekweremadu was blocked from coming out of his house this morning, hence he did not attend the meeting of the Supreme Court today, whereas up to 14 senators left APC beyond PDP.
Uche Anichukwu who is a spokesman for Ekweremadu, told the Igbo BBC that the EFCC prevented him from leaving his house in Abuja, that it is not the DSS as we wrote earlier.
@MrBanksOmishore, the Special Assistant of Bukola Saraki, posted an EFCC letter to Ekweremadu this morning, on Twitter.
In the letter, EFCC said that they wanted to investigate Ekweremadu for complaint, violation of his mandate and money laundering.
When Saraki spoke to the House and started a 'plenary', he stated that Ekweremdu is not there, and said he should try to ensure that his democratic rule is not interrupted.
Senator Sam Anyanwu said that he was with Ekweremadu yesterday, but there were no documents showing that the police were searching for him.
After the planary, the lawmakers decided that security forces should immediately leave the house of senate deputy Ike Ekweremadu, so that he can exercise his mandate.
This morning, Saraki was among those who prevented him from leaving his house.
On the other hand, the Nigerian President, Muhammadu Buhari thanked those who came out of the APC today for doing well to them.
He said this through his Twitter account @MBuhari:
The EFCC blocked Ekweremadu's road in Abuja
The video shows where the EFCC guarded in front of Ekweremadu's house
Those who kidnapped and killed the Catholic church are known
The Supreme Court has declared those who arrested and killed Father John Adeyi on trial of death.
The court has ordered the arrest of criminals
The Supreme Court in Makurdi, Benue State has decided to release two persons, Hartuna Idi and Suleiman Gina who were charged with kidnapping and killing Father John Adeyi until they died for their actions.
Remember that four kidnappers including Saidu Abdullahi and Aliyu Garba kidnapped Father Adeyi, a Catholic Vice-General in Otukpo Dayosis, Benue state, killed him and killed him in a nearby farm in Otukpo in 2016.
What I have said to the kidnappers
Mikel Obi's father has been sacked from the kidnappers again
But after the police arrested the four, they declared that they received N1.7m as his capital for the priest's family but they raped him when they saw that the people agreed to come and release him where they arrested him.
One of them claimed that he was shot and killed, while two of them are known to have been convicted of death today on Wednesday.
In a message to the Daily Post, the priests' families showed their joy that at the end, justice has affected them.
But they complained that the decision reminded them of the killing of Adeyi, a professor.
Senators have welcomed Ekweremadu
Saraki and Ekweremadu: what people are saying about their prevention
APC pays their governance salary- Experts
Is there a life that lives in the world when a child is born?
What Igbo culture says is mainly about the past and with the purpose of introducing it now.
In the past, the Igbos are confident that the elite can do well.
A new child's tree in every house brings a lot of food to a new man's body.
But there are some places in Igbo where a newborn baby can be threatened.
These villages are like Igbuzo (Ibusa) in Delta state, where children are considered special.
Who is the leader?
Some stories explained that the newborn mother had taken the head because her mother asked one of the people living in the country to give her a baby.
Will you kill this kind of prison in the morning?
Do you know what the Igbos are going through in the past?
They believe that breast feeding is the symbol of the soul of the baby which they will use to know him.
They call these children 'Ezenwa'.
They believe that their leader is their leader.
As they are confident, a big boy will be a child who will do well in the world because his son stands firm on his side, they are good, and they will train to carry out great threats during the war.
But the number of problems people face is the majority.
It pleases you to take good care of the body
The attempt to join the leadership
Many of these youths, are confident that a baby with a head will suffer serious illness or die if complications enter.
It is unfortunate to insult a leader.
Anyone who has done this should give the child money immediately or how much money is borrowed from him.
This event will stop the child from getting serious illness.
It is only if the mother of the child can impact on the inflation of the child.
The funeral ceremony
The news said that it was the doctors who took the head of the baby.
Now the celebrity in the video and the majority of the people have started to shout.
The boy will give birth, becoming a spokesperson.
Her family will ask her what she wants to be used to cut her head from her sister.
Everything he needs in the bag to be given to him.
Christianity
The entire Igbo land is a place where Christian congregation is fully affirmed.
This has transformed many Igbo cultures.
Now many Igbos are unacceptable that the pain that lives in making every elderly child emerge in the world.
But they are still calling the kind of child to the church for prayer by the priests.
Dr Anthony Mgbolu told Igbo BBC that motherhood is the result of the family's ethnicity.
What Igbo culture explains about the leaders
African and linguistic studies expert at the University of Lagos Chiagozie Nnabuihe explained to BBC Igbo and Igbo land in recent times that there was no confidence in the leadership.
Nnabuihe stressed that if the Igbos in the past have confidence in the leader they should give him a name.
In his words: 'Dada is the name given to him by the Yoruba.
The Igbos are suffering because they have a relationship with the Yoruba.
But is the head really bad?
Nnamdi Daniels is a filmmaker
Many of the people we interviewed said that there was nothing wrong in the first place but at this point, many people still viewed the leaders as criminals.
Nnamdi Daniels who is a big man told the Igbo BBC that he hasn't looked for their anger and anger for his big man.
In his words: 'I spent one time travelling to the University of Niger State.
A security officer started asking me questions and I wondered about my sister's head. This made me so angry.'
Government has disqualified more than two million codiene drugs
The Ministry of Health has stopped the strike of more than two million codien shops and is monitoring among others.
Codeiene drugs
Youths and youths are too corrupt
The federal government has said that they have removed more than two million coded drugs from the market in Nigeria.
The Minister of Health, Professor Isaac Adewole said this when the committee was ready to address kodiene problems and came to show him their investigation.
He also said that this is to show that the government has emphasized their intention to stop the codiene war in Nigeria.
Mmachi Codeine: Covid-19 drugs are now expensive
Nafdac has announced the closure of Emzor and others
Adewole said that his agency and the National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control were involved in the expulsion.
Remember in May of this year, the BBC released a video showing the spread of codiene drugs in Nigeria.
It was the time the video showed that the government said that they would deal with the drug trafficking.
The government is saying that taking other drugs is my own right.
An interesting story
2019 Election: See some Igbo people who want to contest for presidency
Why do Igbos go to these churches?
Why the Igbos evacuate people in the forest
The desert is where the Igbos go but are they killing their people out of the desert?
The dead
The Igbos are wearing different souls
Why is Igbo calling evil evil evil evil?
Do you know that the tragedy still exists in Igbo land?
What is evil evil?
A professor of African and linguistic studies at the University of Lagos Chiagozie Nnabuihe described the Igbo and Igbo BBC as diverted into a desert, not a desert as many people are calling it now.
As the Igbos are confident, the desert of souls is where they eat food in Ala.
There is also a place where they evacuate anybody from the land to be expensive.
In Igbo God's land the most important, but the spirit follows it is the land.
Nnabuihe explained that Igbo land believes that land is the source of value in the world.
Is there a life that lives in the world when a child is born?
Will you kill this kind of prison in the morning?
The land is fake (the land is fake)
Igbo believes in the land, seeing everything, which means that there is no evil to hide in it.
Igbos are still in Igbo land so far
The land will survive the sick person.
See how the disease of the land is affected by those who caused it
Ekpenta (Leprosy)
The year ofozza
Dropsy
Location
Nnabuihe explained at that time, there was no doctor who could afford to pay for these diseases.
Anyone who is suffering from this type of disease should express his condolences immediately before he dies.
If he does not replace his crimes, they will release him from the evil forest.
Do you know what the Igbos are going through in the past?
Things you shouldn't do with an Igbo
Other things such as marriage, or marriage as well as malaria can make the land the same person.
The expulsion is not a mistake
According to Nnabihe, the departure of the man was for the sake of caring for his children and his family.
Christianity is the greatest religion in Igbo land
Igbo in recent times believed that everyone who welcomed the victim has accepted the land in his family.
Where the spirit is living in Igbo land now
State attacks in Imo state
The fire in Okija
Mbitoolu is gone
Ihiala
Arusi Okija
The Igbo culture is dying
Nnabuihe said that this is the worst thing that is happening now in Igbo land.
He said: 'There are different events in Igbo land because the Christian church comes in Igbo land, people have destroyed many of these bushes of spirit, there is no one who speaks this bushes'
An interesting story
The woman's body was seen in fire on Twitter for what she said
New politicians take attention to social media
Ahmed Musa: The group of Al Nasr has welcomed him today
It has been a controversial warning that Musa could cross Al Nasr but now, he has declared it.
Ahmed Musa
One person people thought that he would take part in a football match that came up in office is Ahmed Musa.
But now, Musa has made a remark in the World Cup defeat that has left Leicester City ahead of Al Nasr of Saudi Arabia.
It is not yet known how much money they bought from Leicester City but it is said to have reached 17 million pounds.
Do you know that women are working with the Super Eagles?
The Super Eagles look like this new wife wants to marry
World Cup 2018: Why Nigerians praise Ahmed Musa
Leicester City bought it first from CSKA Moscow in 2016 but returned there in the 2017 football season last year.
After the World Cup, the people thought he would go to Galatasaray because the club's supporters called him loudly.
The video above shows how his new group called him 'no' and accepted him in one of them.
Meanwhile, Ahmed Musa has not said anything about the trending issue.
Babatunde Fashola said that Nigeria is threatening for electricity
If what Babatunde Fashola said about electricity production is true, it will be a big thing for the youths in Nigeria.
Meat
Nigerians have been shouting for no fire
Minister of Power, Labor and Housing, Babatunde Fashola said that Nigeria's electricity generation has increased to seven thousand megawatts.
Fashola said this in Kalaba, the capital of Kros Riva state yesterday.
Electricity will not be good till 2023 - Electric workers
PHCN should give you three months before they open fire - lawyer
Fashola was in Kalaba where heads of staff in his ruling department met.
He said that despite the cost of operations, his department had addressed Nigeria's electricity situation more than it was when they started operations in 2015.
Fashola joins the three branches involved in Buhari's government
Three years ago, the report was that electricity production was the biggest challenge we had in Nigeria.
Then, the fire providers said that they had nothing to give to Nigerians.
Then, we gave 2,690 megawatts to Nigerians, but the story changed.
What we can now is 5,222 megawat, the largest ever in Nigeria.
Now, the product is producing 7000 megawatt, and is storing 7000.
The problem is the same, but we will say we are moving forward.
The news that will interest you:
Give your child a chance to breathe
The Igbos are praying in Kano
Four money exchangers have been killed in Port Harcourt
How to enjoy your children during holidays
And with money and not with money, see some of the things you and your children can do during this long holiday.
Students in Oprah Winfrey
The time has come again when the students have a special holiday time because it is long.
Some parents have accepted how to take their children to school called 'Summer Lesson' but not all children would like this.
If you are not part of those who will call their children 'Summer Lesson', see what you can do to them.
Women want government to pay them
4 out of 12 children have been kidnapped in Thailand
Buhari: fight against child abuse
Teach them how to use water dance
Water drinking is the way your children can use the preparation and learn to care for themselves if they enter the water.
It will enable them to be well-wish so that they can be well-wished and well-wished.
try to call them today.
Teach them as well as teaching and other practices
Teach them how to play dance
Igbo to you!
Is there more fear than music?
A country!
Will we educate our children?
Eeeee
Listen to them
Do you know the first day of bombing in Igbo land?
Do you know the name of the first man to release himself?
You can understand this and encourage your children.
One way to do this is to invite them to an exhibition in Igbo land.
job accounts
Call them to a place where they will learn work.
This will help them learn jobs that can give them food in the future if they do not get jobs at the university level.
One truck
Finally, if you are a very pleasant citizen, this long break time is when you can put them in oil or a truck in your country.
This will enable them to have a good knowledge, consciousness about Igbo culture and where it is serious.
The news that will interest you:
Give your child a chance to breathe
Why the Igbos evacuate people in the forest
A woman kidnapped herself, while ears took another kidnapper to buy Tramadol
The experts have said that it was too much corruption that caused many crimes including new roads of corruption in Nigeria.
Edgal Imohimi
The Commissioner of Police in Lagos State Edgal Imohimi said that they have strengthened the gangs fighting in Ikorodu
The police arrested a self-sacrificing woman to collect her husband N15m in Ogun State.
Also, the kidnappers were attacked when he went to kidnapp a person and warned to take Tramadol.
But people's behavior experts who are a psychologist in English are saying that the type of abuse is the cause of extreme corruption and abuse.
Mikel Obi's father has been sacked from the kidnappers again
Femi Joseph and his team were shot to attack a pharmacy to search for his owner but warned Joseph to take away a tramadol that was obtained from the pharmacy.
According to the lawyer, when they came to the owner of the pharmacy, they screamed and walked back to the street.
According to a spokesman of the police in Ondo state, but as they don't get what they want, one of them started talking too much because of the tramadol he bought.
It is 24 hours after he was released.
Tramadol's call was also received.
On the other hand, one woman named Hadijat Kabir and two other persons including one man and another woman engaged with kidnappers and took her husband for 15 million naira.
The Lagos State Commissioner of Police, Imohimi Edgal, said that it was the complaint his husband made to begin a investigation to find out that he was his wife and the perpetrators violated the agreement.
An expert on human behavior and a lecturer at Ebonyi State University, Nnachi Amos, said that it is not the main cause of damages but the current economic crisis.
Some are bad arguments by making that bad.
His family at the Federal Neuro-Pychiatric Hospital in Yaba, Lagos, Chinyere Okonkwo believes in what Amos said.
The key to them is too much.
Look, kidnapping is not an easy job.
Corruption is even more unfortunate.
The news that will interest you:
Ozubulu Church Massacre: One year has passed
Could a man and a woman be social friends?
Things you shouldn't do with an Igbo
A drug consumer has died nine days later
The police in Ondo state have said that the kidnappers are not afraid of who he came to fight for his dead body.
A crying person
The BBC doctor interviewed him and said that he is a patient who should receive treatment
Police spokesman in Ondo, Femi Joseph, has told journalists that the drug trafficker has died according to the News Agency of Nigeria.
Remember that he was crying since the police arrested him on August 5 while receiving medicine.
Joseph said that the boy died in a hospital in the state where British doctors are trying to pay him.
A kid should receive treatment-Dibia
Evans' lawyer has resigned from his trial
What is affecting the kidnappers?
In his words, 'The suspect is being investigated dead after nine days of his arrest.
We thought we would tell him how he helped us in the investigation we were doing, but he died yesterday.'
This could come from the hard drugs he drinks.
We use this opportunity to advise parents to know what kind of friendship they have.
Akuku said that the kidnapped went to kidnap the drug consumer but the person was slowly abducted.
He and his team later caught one person who is his grandfather, Daudu Wale, where he went to buy medicine where one of them was caught.
The news that will interest you:
What would you say to Nnamdi Kanu if you met him on the way?
A new child was killed in Onitsha today
Will Buhari and Osinbajo compete in 2019?
Five accounts you can start with N10,000
His statements brought a lot of concerns to the media in Nigeria as well as the federal government.
Another fake story is the story of an Igbo woman called Mama Boko Haram
Aisha Wakil told Igbo BBC how she kidnapped the children of the Boko Haram group today
The famous story that Nigeria gave birth to three brides after ninety years, gave the Igbos and all Nigerians a lot of joy.
Abaribe's speech about kidnappers in 2018
The world cup competition also attracted the Igbos.
World Cup: Ezi'seeking the way' has said that the Super Eagles will win the last quarter
Also included is the news of the arrest of one hundred and forty Ipob women in Owere.
The women are in court today.
Our women do not have any laws - IPOB lawyer
IPOB women have been released in Owere
The flooding sparked riots in Igbo land in 2018.
Their reports triggered the pledge for IVF.
Five women from Regina Pacis School in Onitsha also commended the Igbos when they won the 2018 Technovation competition from all over the world.
The news that will interest you:
The Three Eke War will commence on January 1 - The Nigerian Army
Green Revolution: what the Shagari created Nigerians
How to combat attacks and events
Second Niger Bridge as a promise given to a woman'
Igbo Tradition: Why a woman is married in Igbo land
Sometimes people are wondering why women are married in some parts of Igbo land, the story explained.
Man and woman gather
Igbo do not accept indigenous men and women
There is still a story about some youths or ladies who love themselves, and agreed on marriage as married, but they did not do the same culture as they deserve.
There are also cases of various accidents in this situation, especially a woman in the house of the man who died without any cultural ceremony committed.
The title of a woman in Igbo land
Five things that interest women
Will education stop in Igbo land?
However, this involves different families in exchange.
Because of this unfortunate situation, some towns in Igbo land made it illegal that a man would marry his wife and live with her, which she did not do when she was alive.
The reasons for women's sex:
In Igbo land, it is not accepted that a man has killed a woman, or that he has not committed anything to her.
Even if it is done by the court, it is expected that it will come up as well as the wishes of the children.
As a cultural expert, Nze Olueze Awkaejuha (second South) in Umuakara, the issue in Nwangele of Imo state told the Igbo BBC, this law is very good for their country, which also has its various varieties.
The one who is not alive, the one who is alive, the one who is alive, the one who is alive, the one who is alive, the one who is alive, the one who is alive, the one who is alive, the one who is alive, the one who is alive, the one who is alive, the one who is alive, the one who is alive, the one who is alive, the one who is alive, the one who is alive, the one who is alive, the one who is alive, the one who is alive, the one who is alive, the one who is alive, the one who is alive, the one who is alive, the one who is alive, the one who is alive, the one who is alive, the one who is alive, the one who is alive, the
But in Akuka town like Imo state, the scheme was not expensive, as a female family came to raise their baby's bodies and went to their house.
How to prepare a woman's sex:
The person will come to tell the children and mothers who have a body of fire (they will not say they are dead).
They will carry him to their child's visit, when they see his body, they will accuse the man of killing their child, which will make him step in his hands.
To prove that he is not the one who killed him, he will accept to kill the woman's body.
He will come and kill him
He will return to care for the dead mother and wife.
The man will continue to do his funeral.
What will do a person who refuses to marry a woman forever
As Ms. Awkaewuha explained, these are the things that will make a person who refuses to marry a woman without her head:
The person will receive compensation in different ways
The person is facing various crimes
What is not good for such a person
The person may also die of anger
But the person can turn back, down if all these promises start to trust him.
What the person will do if he returns
If the man is screaming and apologizing for what he is getting, these are the things he will do:
The person will call on the residents of their country to come to clean the land.
He will be compensated by ensuring that he has achieved the things he should do in two ways.
Nigeria 2019 elections: Demonstrators for presidency – Muhammadu Buhari
The Nigerian president, Muhammadu Buhari is seeking the post of president who has repeatedly been impeached under the ruling party.
President Muhammadu Buhari
President Muhammadu Buhari is voting back now to become Nigerian president for the third time.
It was the way to get into power in December 1983 after the Nigerian soldiers took over, but some of his supporters arrested Buhari in 1985.
BBC controversy is still ongoing
Buhari postponed the presidency through his impeachment election in 2015, after an attempt to win him was tripled.
As he was ruling as a lawyer, Buhari had no real name about self-determination.
Even though it is still in detention, many people are in jail for Buhari not to release them as the court says.
The 76-year-old employed in 2015 and promised to fight corruption and corruption and crisis, as well as improve the Nigerian economy.
Four years are coming to an end but many people do not believe that what he did is evident.
There is a promise that he will defeat the Boko Haram fighting Nigeria fighting against those who are threatened to liberate the Arab world from alakuba in northeastern Nigeria, but recently, those who are being strengthened are giving Buhari the intention to stand in the face of the president by attacking the region.
Their counterparts are confident that Buhari will face more fighting from a party that does not hold the name of their opponent - a PDP candidate, Atiku Abubakar who is also the founder of alakuba and also the founder of Northern Nigeria as Buhari.
Buhari is the promoter of the All Progressives Congress (APC) who is known as his promoter in Nigeria's politics, although many people see his vote as a source of economic confusion.
The news that will interest you:
It's like 'Egwu Eke II' by Nnamdi Kanu - Buratai
I am not grateful for corruption in the 2019 elections' - Atiku
Nigeria Election 2019: voters and their deputy
Do you know six of the highest candidates in the 2019 presidential election?
BBC will kill them
The presidential candidate
See six people who are contesting for the presidency and the people whose names and deputy names are best:
As the Nigerian Electoral Commission Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) published a document showing that more than 70 people are contesting for the presidency in 2019, BBC Igbo wants to show you those whose names are best.
Election support in the Eastern Region has burnt
I will not allow Tinubu to tell people who they will trust'
Peter Obi will not give you money but he will support every good job.
Of these six people and their deputy, there are three women among them; one for the president while the other for the deputy.
1) Muhammadu Buhari and Yemi Osinbajo
Buhari and Osinbajo have ruled Nigeria since 2015 under the All Progressives Congress (APC)
Who is Muhammadu Buhari?
she was born on December 17, 1942.
He has ruled Nigeria twice; as a military and civilian.
He took the presidency three times (2003, 2007 and 2011) before he met him in 2015
In the same way he is the president, he is also the minister of oil production in the country.
Who is Yemi Osinbajo?
she was born on March 8, 1957.
He is a priest in Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG)
He took the post of vice president Buhari in 2015
He is also a lawyer in the matter.
2) Atiku Abubakar and Peter Obi
Atiku and Obi are defending the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the 2019 elections
Who is Atiku Abubakar?
she was born on November 25, 1946.
He was vice president from 1999 to 2007.
He has contested for the presidency as a member of his party twice; in 2007 under AC and 2018 under PDP
He is a financial philanthropist with a lot of different.
Who is Peter Obi?
she was born on the nineteenth of July 1961.
He joined the governor of Anambra state under the APGA party in 2003 but did not wait until March 2006 when he won the court, but was later arrested in November that year.
He later returned to his mind in February 2007, and left in May when he was defeated by Andy Uba, but the court ordered him to be released for four years.
He came to office as Anambra Governor in 2014 after taking over twice.
He is an economist.
3) Oby Ezekwesili and AbdulGaniyu Galadima
Galadima is also the chairman of the Allied Congress Party of Nigeria (ACPN) they want to take over
Who is Oby Ezekwesili?
she was born on the 28th of April 1963
He was Minister of Education from 2005 to 2006 and Education from 2006 to 2007
He is part of 'Bring Back Our Girls ( BBOG)' which carries for Chibok children who have been kidnapped since 2014
Winning, she will be the first woman to become president in Nigeria
Who is Ganiyu Galadima?
she was born on June 11, 1964.
She studied at Kwara State University where she graduated from becoming one of the school's rulers.
He was the former presidential candidate under ACPN in 2015
He is an executive
4) Kingsley Moghalu and Umma Getso
Moghalu and Getso contest under the Young Progressive Party (YPP)
Who is Kingsley Moghalu?
she was born on the 7th of May 1963
This is the first time he is fighting for Nigerian politics
She studied and got a certificate as a lawyer in a university.
He is also an expert in the Ministry of Economic Affairs.
He worked as a direct bank in the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) in English.
Who is Umma Getso?
she was born in 1981
He is the party's deputy chairman, YPP
He is a money lawyer, and also a pioneer in the issue of women's rights.
5) Omoyele Sowore and Rabiu Ahmed Rufai
Sowore and Rufai contest under African Action Congress (AAC)
Who is Omoyele Sowore?
she was born on February 16, 1971
He is a leadership advocate.
She started her while she was still in the university
He inaugurated the Sahara Reporters.
He formed AAC party in August 2018
Who is Rabiu Ahmed Rufai?
she was born on July 17, 1976
It is a British doctor or a medical doctor who is a health expert
He opened lectures at Bayero University in Kano
6) Fela Durotoye and Khadijah Abdullahi-Iya
Durotoye and Abdullahi-Iya are contesting under Alliance for New Nigeria ( CNN)
Who is Fela Durotoye?
she was born on the 12th of May 1971
He went to Obafemi Awolowo University in Ile-Ife
He is a teacher who teaches people how to use money to waste money, and also a spokesman who promotes people's souls.
He is contesting for presidency under Alliance for New Nigeria ( CNN)
Who is Khadijah Abdullahi-Iya?
He is the founder of the Women Community of Africa (WCA) and Rags to Riches (R2R)
He is also a lawyer
Who will you expect?
Imo Election Results: Seven things that affected Uche Nwosu
It was Uche Nwosu who came to discuss the BBC for the governorship post in Owere Imo state.
Igbo spoke in Owere when the Igbo BBC held the discourse of the governorship candidates in Imo state but it was something that Imo people thought that only one out of the four people needed the Igbo BBC promised that they would come to the discourse.
The Imo state APC spokesman has sued Uche Nwosu
Imo APC Primaries: Uche Nwosu has been appointed to contest for Imo governorship post
Those promoted by Imo are Emeka ihedioha PDP, Hope Uzodimma of APC and Ifeanyi Ararume of APGA.
The Igbo BBC chief Adline Okere said that it was Ararume's sister who told him that he might not come because he was starting his campaign.
It was the event that began with just two hours a day.
In the recent interview, Uche Nwosu pledged that he would pay at least thirty pieces of naira as a minimum of a month if granted by the federal government.
Nwosu went on to say that his party has no candidate to contest for the president when it comes to his support for President Muhammau Buhari.
Another thing he said is; 'There is nothing in my manifestation that I can't do.'
Seven words against Uche Nwosu said:
Uche Nwosu from APC joined AA to contest for governorship post in Owere Imo state
Nwosu stated what he will do to the Imo state if he takes office in the election that will take place in March 2019.
Buhari for President: 'AA can overthrow Uche Nwosu'
It is not true that the Action Alliance has not left Uche Nwosu behind - Obidiche
Listen to what he reacted in minutes and minutes.
I will bring the education that is playing through the church's gathering.
I will make health a waste for the children, the women who are pregnant and the elderly.
I will have the youths to join the job.
I know what the truth is saying about politics.
I will be sacrificed for the livelihoods of the Imo.
I will pay at least N30,000 months if declared by the federal government.
I will take a look at the payment of leave.
An interesting story
Uzodimma, Ihedioha and Ararume did not interact with Igbo BBC
Atiku came to America he has a question he will answer us-Lai Mohammed
What Nigerians are saying about Atiku's trip to America
Atiku: Abuja fires as Atiku returns to America
The story of Atiku Abubakar's death, the Guinness oil industry fire, President Buhari's politics and economy, the story of Onnoghen, the Mexican Accident and others
Important lessons
The PDP team and Atiku Abubakar's interested team came on board at Nnamdi Azikiwe plane in Abuja to welcome Abubakar, who fled to America.
Atiku and the President of the Nigerian House of Representatives Bukola Saraki took a two-day trip to the country as Atiku explained, where the government officials of the country met with foreigners.
Atiku will join the convention of the presidential candidates that will take place on Saturday evening in Abuja.
fire burns Guinness oil industry
Fire burnt the Guinness Oil Facility in Osisioma Industrial Layout, Aba, Abia State on Friday.
The fire that sparked up to six hours was relocated by fire service providers, as well as other nearby agencies, which were assisted by the police and the community.
Guinness spokesman Nike Onakoya told Igbo BBC that the fire did not cause any serious injuries.
He also said that their oil production works are still expensive in their shops in Benin and Ogba, Lagos Breweries.
There was no injuries or serious damage to what happened as Aba's fire was due to unemployment and there were only few workers.
where we did most of the production places in Benini and Ogba (Legos).
It is a lie that Onnoghen is wanted to be arrested
Femi Adesina was a well-known journalist before serving in the presidency.
The office of the president has said that the news that the government wants to arrest the Nigerian highest judge, Justice Onnoghen is false.
President Muhammadu Buhari's spokesman, Femi Adesina said on his Facebook account that the 'false story' they committed to the Coalition of United Political Parties (CUPP).
Donald Trump: Progress has been on the issue of decamping North Korea's nuclear year.
US government closed last week because the senators did not approve their budget
The American president, Donald Trump has said there has been significant progress in the issue of the launch of North Korea's nuclear year.
He said it was different from what experts are saying that he has not been given the road to the station where he is going.
Liverpool and Crystal Palace were sacked
In sports
Liverpool scored Crystal Palace 3-2 in their Premier League match on Saturday.
Government will provide the assets of their fellow worshippers
President Muhammadu Buhari has said that his government will provide funds to allocate corruption and corruption politicians.
Buhari said this in Kaduna where they voted yesterday.
He said that prayer was because he did not want him to do what he said was done in 1985, which was the return of these belongings.
The Nigerian High Court has begun the Onnoghen expulsion journey
The news reaching us says the Federal Government has appealed to the Code of Conduct Court to demand the removal of Justice Walter Onnoghen from office as the Supreme Court of Nigeria and the Head of the National Judicial Council.
The person they named in to the CCT is Nigerian Attorney-General Abubakar Malami
Abroad
Up to 20 people have died in Mexico after a fuel fire in Mexico.
Some people were injured in the accident in hidalgo state in central Mexico.
In sports
When Lobi Stars and Heartland FC met
Lobi Stars of Nigeria will meet Asec Mimosas of Ivory Coast today in the country's capital Abidjan in their second round of the CAF Champions League.
The Lobi scored eight goals to one in their first round against Mamolodi Sundowns in Enugu.
Listen to these moments here:
Watch today's video
Obasanjo: 'We want the president to come together'
The Nigerian leader, Olusegun Obasanjo has expressed many disappointment about how what is said in Nigeria now and what he wants Nigerians to do about it.
Obasanjo
Olusegun Obasanjo has said that he does not believe that the Inec will conduct fair elections next month.
Even if they want a fair election, those in the current administration will not give them a chance.
Obasanjo's coordination team has been launched
The government has been appointed in 2019 - Obasanjo
Obasanjo said this while explaining the journalists he wrote called 'points for concern and action' in his house where he was studying in Abeokuta.
He said that what Nigeria wants now is a righteous president and also a strong citizen.
Obasanjo said Nigerians should take little attention to what Buhari has done to them since he was in power.
In his words, 'Buhari alafu went to us first, we would be aware if we were to let him destroy us again.'
He took the Buhari administration added by a Nigerian army soldier known as Sanni Abacha while he was alive as the president.
The news that will interest you:
My son has died because the money is not forgiving him'
Do you know the Igbo culture well?
Day 28: Do you know the name of the 91 parties in Nigeria?
#BBCNigeria2019
Atiku came to America he has a question he will answer us-Lai Mohammed
Olusegun Obasanjo: what Atiku makes Buhari better
Obasanjo told BBC that he was thankful for what Buhari has done and that Atiku is good for him
In a conversation with BBC Yoruba, former Nigerian President Olusegun Obasanjo spoke about former deputy and 2019 political candidate Atiku Abubakar.
He said that his pleasure is now that he will forgive Atiku more than Buhari because of what Buhari has done.
Those who can be chosen among them are who belongs to APC and PDP.
From what I know from Buhari- unemployed and unemployed, insulted, corruption, insecurity, mental insecurity and all the other things to Atiku.
Atiku will win more than Buhari
He also spoke about Boko Haram and the Independence National Electoral Commission (INEC).
Obasanjo explained that he believed that President Muhammadu Buhari as Atiku njo, was why he refused to support the youths among the 73 candidates for the presidency in Nigeria.
He also stated what happened before the soldiers attacked Odi village in 1999, when up to 2500 people in the village died by the soldiers.
The discussion will be openly held on January 22, 2019.
It is also necessary for people to eat drugs because they do not need money to go to the hospital.
According to Oriuiakhi, 'this is the kind of violence that some people are committed against the preventive cause of the death of some of the dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead
Four things you don't know about malaria
He said that some people who go to Kemist, took the illicit drugs from the doctors.
This will make that when they find the medicine, it will not work in their eyes.
He also said that this is a problem with the health sector.
What will make preventive drugs effective properly?
People should be given adequate training for consumption of preventive drugs.
Only when a doctor has given a person these preventive drugs is when it is supposed to be there.
Nutrition: breast feeding is not the body of your child
Consumers of contraceptives should not be treated personally if the person does not have written a medical document.
A cultural and sensitivity study should also be carried out before a person is given contraceptives.
The person who does not go to the hospital will do a test and be given appropriate medicine.
Health workers should explain to people the need to know how to take these preventive drugs.
An interesting story
No funds have been disbursed for the transfer of the governance of Imo state.
The closure of the Nigerian capital industry and its implications
What should we do if we stop using black bags and black bags?
Nigeria vs Ukraine: Flying Eagles have vowed to be the last best
Nigerians were defeated by Tijani Mohammed as Nigeria defeated their match with Ukraine on Thursday evening.
Ademola Olajire
Flying Eagle players scored in their competition in Ukraine
Nigeria and Ukraine scored one goal in the U20 World Cup match played by Nigeria and Ukraine on Thursday evening.
But Nigerians are not happy as the Flying Eagle players have defeated the band in the competition as they acted like a joke in a year.
Nigerians are angry that the price of Tijani Mohammed of Flying Eagle is still as Nigeria is winning in the competition
Tijani penetrated, the Ukrainian goalkeeper reminded him of taking a few minutes before the match.
This happened as Danylo Sikan of Ukraine scored their first goal.
But Tijani took time with another penalty and scored in the 47th minute of the match.
Many Nigerians were angry at Tijani's eyes.
See what some said:
@10Qmedia said that Tijani Muhammed is the best player in Nigeria
@vic_MLS lamented that Tijani lost the penalty opportunity.
@rappatek said that the Flying Eagles coach continued to remove Tijani from time.
@SSnetwork said that they did not allow one person to play
Jane Ada: I'm trying to stop the Igbos showing the world is wrong with the Igbos
Jane Ada is an Igbo man living in America who helped her work explain how she felt some things in Igbo land.
Jane Ada who is a well-known ivory person said that it is through ivory that she describes some of the things Igbos are well-known.
Jane studied High School in Enugu before he went to work in America and said that he never knew what started but that it was God that gave him this special gift.
The stages he has taken include Amadioha in Ala, the two popular stages in Igbo land.
Listen to how he did and his intentions are related to culture and Igbo language.
The news producers: Chioma Nkemdilim and Nnamdi Agbanelo
Women's World Cup 2019: Super Falcons want Super Eagles to play
Some women journalists in sports have described some of the women's football problems in Nigeria.
The journalists in the field of football who are also women have said that the Super Falcons of Nigeria are more interested in football than their male counterparts.
They said despite this that people mostly of these men are not paying attention to women's football in Nigeria and Africa.
They went on to say that the government does not invest in women's soccer games as they do and that of men even though women make Iko more than men.
That these are the reasons why we do not hear the news about the women's various competitions in Nigeria.
Nigeria vs Norway: Nigeria has defeated France today
Norway has scored three goals to defeat the Super Falcons in the women's world cup in France.
Norway and Nigeria in the World Cup competition in France
Norway has scored three goals against Nigeria in the Women's World Cup competition that was launched by France today.
Norwegian women played as men whereas Nigerians made their wife the same until their break started calling so much that it didn't reckon.
France has defeated the Super Falcon
Why is women's football not interested in them?
The Norwegian first goal scored by Reiten for 17 minutes while the second was for 34 minutes by Utland.
The Nigerian defeat showed in Ohale's face that made the Nigerian scored the third goal in 37'.
Meanwhile, Nigeria finished a golden letter by Francisca Ordega and Desire Oparanozie who received it in 1321 minutes.
Norway defeated Nigeria with three goals when my confidence was that Nigeria did not qualify after the end of the competition.
This Saturday night the Women's World Cup was held in France, which is part of Nigeria and 24 other countries.
Nigeria said that the attack of A was the initiative of the competition at the August Deltaune Stadium in France.
Nigeria and South Korea will meet on Wednesday at 2pm at Stade des Alpes, Grenoble.
Spain has defeated South Africa with three goals to eight
An interesting story
The Supreme Court in Abuja has established another AIT
NBC has disqualified AIT, Ray Power
Why is women's football not interested in them?
Nigeria vs South Korea: Falcons have defeated
The Nigerian Falcons have scored two goals to defeat South Korea.
Oshaola of Nigeria
The French aircraft have burnt now as the Nigerian Falcons have defeated.
Nigeria's first goal came from South Korea when Kim Do-yeon scored on their net in the 29th minute.
This led to the start of inspection through VAR Technology before the goal was scored.
Asisat Oshoala showed South Korea and Nigeria not to play for children in 75 minutes.
Nigeria vs Norway: Norway has defeated Nigeria
He scored one goal to them which made Nigeria win the match.
Finally, Nigeria defeated itself as Norway defeated them in their first match.
George Weah has met Buhari in Abuja
Liberian President George Weah visited President Muhammadu Buhari on Thursday in Abuja's government visit.
Weah came to Buhari
George Weah and Muhammadu Buhari
Liberian President George Weah visited President Muhammadu Buhari on Thursday in Abuja's government visit.
As a contributor on social media stated by the president on Twitter, the president of the two countries had a discussion on the bilateral relations as he promoted security and economy.
Chiji Collins has been elected as the president of the Imo state parliament.
New MPs in Imo State have appointed Mr Chiji Collins as their spokesman
The young man is the representative of Isiala Mbano Local Government of the state.
He was elected and nobody knew him.
This is the second time he went to the house as he was first appointed in 2015.
The senator also elected Okechukwu Onyekanma, who represents Mibholi of the state as his deputy.
A lawyer has removed a bride's head in Ekiti
Ilasa Ekiti village in Ekiti State is now in crisis due to the death of one unnamed bride who refused to marry her.
The unnamed clergymen kept the clergymen on the road where he went to water and washed his head on Tuesday.
A man has burnt a woman and her family for asking her friends
A man has killed his wife for praying
The village president, Ajayi Omolagba said that the clergymen was originally shut down by his family according to Fulani's orders.
But the queen's family refused to bring her to the queen who led to the killing of the queen.
Ekiti state police said that this happened, that they have arrested the man for their release.
Fire burns shops in Port Harcourt
River State Government has announced that it was a fire in Port Harcourt Shopping Mall.
The state secretary, Tammy Danagogo told the author that they would handle the store as people started business today is Tuesday.
The city president was kidnapped in Katsina
The mercenaries have killed many people in Benue and other states in Nigeria
The news reaching us is saying that kidnappers have kidnapped one leader in Garin Labo in Kastina state.
The leader was in his farm when the kidnappers came to fight.
Abroad
It has been revealed that the Mexican president, Andres Obrador has assured that he will replace the president's aircraft fighting against his citizens to flee the United States.
Obrador said that he would operate a public airline to ensure that he fulfilled his promises about how America wants to leave their citizens.
In sports, Enyimba FC got the award as 'the highest team' in Africa in 2003
In the region, Enyimba has won their eighth Nigeria Premier League title with three goals against Akwa United yesterday.
Enyimba scored twenty two points in five matches, while Reuben Bala, Stanley dimgba and Abdulrahman Bashir scored one goal.
Listen to the news here:
Child trafficking: The police has arrested kidnappers in Imo state
The police in Imo said that Immaculata Edward kidnapped and kidnapped 5 children from one family in Ngor Akpala in the state.
Those suspected to have kidnapped the children
The Imo state police's Operation Puff Adder department has arrested a person whose main responsibility is kidnapping children.
On the 24th of April, 2019, a woman named Immaculata Edward said that she was 31 years old from Okondo village in Cros Riva State and kidnapped five nurses from her home to a man named Ifara Isong who lives in Ngor Okpala in Imo State.
NAPTIP has arrested child traffickers
A doctor has been arrested for child trafficking
Immaculata killed five children whose neighbors were asked to take care of the man's friend by their parents.
These children include the group of mothers; Somto Eke, a six-year-old woman, Kelechi Ekeh, a five-year-old man.
Others are Chisom Ekeh, a three-year-old woman, Ebuka Enwerem, a three-year-old man, Chioma Enwerem, a five-year-old woman and Lucky Ida, a six-year-old man.
Children kidnapped from their families
Immaculata invited them to a well-known child trafficking person, Perpetual Iwuji from Obokwu Ulakwo, Imo State.
Perpetual took two of these children and sent them to Grace Nwachukwu from Aboh Mbaise and stayed in Mpape Abuja.
Immaculata also raised two children whose brothers and sisters came from Cross River State and were taken from Ifeoma Ndubuisi from Lokpanta Abia State.
A child kidnapped from his mother and father
Through police investigation, all the kidnapped children have been caught and brought to their families.
In the investigation, five other children were picked up by Perpetual Iwuji and sent to the house where children were being cared for.
Those suspected included Perpetual Iwuji, Isong Ifara, Immaculata Edward, Grace Nwachukwu, Ifeoma Ndubuisi and Stephen Ezenwa.
child abuse is unknown in the Eastern part of Nigeria.
The news that will interest you:
There is nothing like Igbo President - Okorocha
Is a woman careful not to have food?
Rochas Okorocha has resigned as a Nigerian legislator
AFCON 2019: Confederation of competition and results
The move will be followed by the African Cup of Nations competition which will commence on June 21 in Egypt.
African Cup of Nations
Inec server: 'We have set up all cards reader numbers at a computer'
Inec said that the names of all registered candidates in the 2019 elections were on their computer.
Festus Okoye and Emeka Unachukwu
Inec boss Festus Okoye is still stressed that the agency has no server which gave them the opportunity to cancel the 2019 election results.
Okoye said that the Nigerian law did not allow them to do the same.
Judge Garba has seized Atiku and Buhari's case
The court has stated that the 2019 budget is ongoing.
According to him, 'the law of Nigeria has been mandated to carry out all results of the election contained in 'EC8A form' on the grounds in which they will be held.'
The Nigerian law that we do is an unknown election using any computers to send messages.
The Collection Officer should be their job to send the documents to the city where it is needed.
We never used the computer to disclose the results of the election.
Okoye agreed that the registered candidates for the 2019 elections were all on a computer, and all parties were given these names.
The 'Incident Form' will stop electoral corruption
He emphasised that 'it is only when it is used with computers to vote so that it is possible to see what is happening in peace'.
He said that he does not know about the outcome of the 2019 elections you are in every year.
The BBC also asked a renowned computer worker, Emeka Unachukwu what is a'server'
Unachukwu said that 'Servers' are computers that combine other computers for the use of different forms of literature.
He said that Inec could say that they don't have a'server' because there's another device that they are caught but it is not true that they don't have a server' where there's a'server'.
He said that the Internet has its own'server' where many people are responding to their messages.
Unachukwu said that 'The Inec will not say that they have no funds because they have a place where they are based on data.
They may call this a 'data base' but it's a disappointment that the computer combines other computers who are likely to bury or bury on it.
He said that Inec did not believe that they had no server.
They are calling on people to come and wear their PVC ready for elections.
Unachukwu said that even if he was voted and taken to the building where he was heard, the Inec would add him to the serve.
But they may say that they have not installed the 2019 result in a'server' that shows that they have not completed their work.
An interesting story
How to avoid spreading HIV to your new child
Is the Igbos in the Nigerian government?
Payment of two months in ten months is unnecessary - Abia Teachers
See our video
World Blood Donor Day 2019: What people think about blood donation
As today is the time to remember giving blood to the Igbo BBC went to ask people what they know about giving blood.
Today is the World Blood Donor Day 2019 for blood donation.
BBC Igbo asked people what they know about blood donation and the type of racism they are eating about.
Listen to them
diet and Dementia: How to use Chocolate and cooking foods to avoid malnutrition
Read this article to learn how to use good food to strengthen your health.
Rice spices and food papers are recommended for consumption.
Learn about traditional foods to give you a long life and health.
Do you know seven foods that can help you fight malnutrition?
Fifty-five billion people around the world are affected by hypertension and learning problems, including up to ten billion cases of this disease annually (WHO).
Notwithstanding that success has been found to be associated with racism, but there is nothing known about it and its support.
Red Wine, Coffee, Chocolate and Champagne are used as primary foods for malnutrition.
But is there a truth in these statements?
What Sheila Dillon the BBC officer discovered when she interviewed the experts about the matter.
As you will find out, these foods help for your traditional benefits:
food from water
Proteins, smaller and added to Omega Fatty Acids.
Eating fish once or more helps to breast feeding.
Vine rice and other varieties are similar.
How to improve your body's body's body
Rice species such as 'Strawberries' and 'blueberries' contain obstacles to the beginning of traditional learning.
Vegetables and crops are different
Vegetables are varied in vegetables and vegetables.
A person who consists of 30 mg of various varieties of maize, kolanut, red rice, milet kolanut, oats and protein, minerlas and fibre will be suffered for health and fertility.
Fight
Fight gives blood and blood to the body.
Mr. Onye said that because of the fact that the dog's food books are traditional, the person knows what he is saying.
Vitamese B
Witness B : he was threatened
A few species of people with a mental health problem given to Vitamio B caused the great transition of the culture.
Do you eat cocoyam milk?
Let's congratulate the people of Olmec-Mexico for showing the world the food of cocoa.
koko is good for clothes and is processed with sperm.
But remember how to drink cocoyam milk that contains diabetes.
Explanation
You can get Environmental Advocacy.
The association that makes English more popular around the world is because it helps because it is traditional.
Have you seen it now?
All of these foods are not so good that you can get and there are other foods available to change what you don't want in your custody.
And remember, these foods are not about your prejudice, they are treating your body to make you happy!
This edition is a transition to the edition 'Diet and Dementia', which features the BBC's The Food Programme.
Mikel Obi: what I came to do or not win AFCON
The leader of the Super Eagles football team has confirmed that it was a victory they came to do in the 2019 AFCON cup.
Mikel Obi
President of the Nigerian Football Federation - Mikel Obi
Mikel Obi who will lead the Super Eagles of Nigeria to Friday for the African cup of nations called AFCON 2019 has said that he was not afraid because defeating and going to the AFCON cup is hard for him.
It is six years Mikel Obi has won the African Cup of Nations
This was when Nigeria won in South Africa.
Mikel will not participate in Poland
Mikel Obi is not good
Mikel Obi's father has been sacked from the kidnappers again
Mikel's next win in Africa was in 2006 and 2010 when the Super Eagles scored the third.
In this AFCON season, Mikel will lead their bloodless babies to celebrate this year's wedding on Friday.
Mikel said: 'Even though the current Eagles are not the leading players in confronting other African nations like him, the competition will give those like Samuel (chukwueze) and Paul (Onuachu) an opportunity to express their confidence.
I also hope that we will come together and wait back.'
The Super Eagles
He also expressed delight over how the Super Eagles made efforts despite their victory in the world cup.
Mikel agreed that the match would be difficult but he agreed that the support of the Super Eagles would help them win the match.
Remember that Mikel Obi won Nigeria for the first time in 2005 when the Super Eagles met a Libya national team.
Mikel said in this match you may be his last in the Super Eagles
He said; 'one time I tried to make it good.'
Ukraine and U20 World Cup: South Korea has defeated the U20 World Cup
Ukraine has defeated South Korea with three goals in the youths world cup
Ukraine vs South Korea
Ukrainian footballers have scored three goals to one to defeat South Korea in the under twenty-year world cup in Poland today on Saturday.
The victory came as South Koreans penetrated in the early hours of a five-minute game by Lee Kang-in.
Flying Eagles have joined the national team
Nigeria has defeated in the AFCON U20 competition
But Ukraine told South Korea that they did not play for a month after Vladyslav Supriaga scored a goal in thirty-four minutes.
Vladimiryslav Supriaga said he was indeed unknown morning in the fifty-three minutes when he scored his second goal in South Korea's match.
The Koreans played too many times but Ukraine told them that it wasn't long for my son to die when they scored three goals by Giorgi Tsitaishvili in eighty-nine minutes.
This guy hit South Korea
The world turned to South Korea when the landslide hit South Korea.
This is the first time Ukraine has won the world cup after England won it two years ago.
An interesting story
What I came to do and not win AFCON Cup' - Mikel Obi
The Court of Appeal has reiterated Chimaroke's desire to protect women who do not want violence.
They want them to be good
Igbo women wear good clothes every season.
Igbo women are looking for struggling men
Whatever a man contributes to it, an Igbo woman will support it.
They want to contribute to the job at all times, they don't want to be silent
Everything a woman can do, it will make her good.
The news that will interest you:
INEC believes in card reader
China has made Xi the president till death
Rwanda: priests have killed churches
Dapchi children: clashes have collapsed between Buhari and Jonathan
There has been clashes between Buhari and Jonathan over the kidnapping of Dapchi students in the northern part of Nigeria.
Buhari started a tour of distressed cities in Nigeria including Taraba, Plateau, Benue before heading to Yobe.
President Muhammadu Buhari said that the former former president, Goodluck Jonathan is well watched by student kidnapping.
He said this yesterday when he visited the town of Dapchi of Yobe State, where the children were kidnapped last month.
He condemned Jonathan's administration of ignorance of Chibok students when they were kidnapped in 2014, and said that it was unthinkable.
Some of these students were kidnapped
But Buhari's speech has caused a lot of mistakes by many people.
The spokesman of 'Bring Back Our Girls' group Sesugh Akume has said that the president did not try.
Akume said, 'We are not happy, this is four years of Chibok's kidnapping, now he has done in Dapchi as Buhari's administration is doing the same thing Jonathan did in his own time.
The children have been kidnapped for over a month, but now the government is going there.
Despite all the grief they thought they had released Dapchi's children.
The president assured the parents of Dapchi's children that he would release the kidnapped children
Jonathan's Special Assistant, Reno Omokiri said that Buhari's son, Yusuf Buhari, is more affected than Dapchi's children.
He said that when Chibok children were kidnapped, Jonathan called a security meeting, while Buhari stopped the security meeting while Dapchi children were kidnapped.
He also said when Yusuf Buhari had a road accident that Buhari stopped all the travels there, and he would bring his son to the hospital.
The news that will interest you:
The parents of Dapchi students took to Abuja
Another commenter is Femi Fani-Koyede on Twitter;
Jonathan's spokesman, Reuben Abati said this on Twitter;
Other Nigerians commented on Twitter;
Will education stop in Igbo land?
A new baby was born, buried, buried, buried, and buried to his mother. That's what is called payment.
A new son and his mother
Payment is the Igbo tradition that has since begun and is still being done so far.
learning in Igbo culture is the time when a mother comes to bring her daughter and her child (women is her child).
Sometimes, if a woman has no mother (if her mother is dead), her father's wife or her husband's mother will come to her house and pay for her.
Five things that interest women
Women have changed clothes in new forms
The sex of a woman is not a speech.
The reason why she is a paying woman rather than a man, is that she is believed to be the best woman about her because she has passed the situation for herself.
Marriage time is the time a mother teaches her daughter everything she knows about taking care of the newborn.
Sometimes, she becomes a mother who gives birth, and her husband's mother begins to pay her own.
A woman who gives birth to a new baby is using the opportunity to pay well while her mother is caring for her child.
What a mother is doing on payment
A mother will give her daughter what will make her breast better
A mother will be treating her with foods that will make her healthy
A mother will give her a hot water yearly and elsewhere she wants, and give her what will burn her (robb, subscribers)
A mother will give a new baby food, see her clothes and see that
He will care for the new child, and take care of him well.
It will be seen that his child is lying on the floor of a bag including hot water and food and anesthesiological drugs, which will make it possible to release ill blood.
He will be praying for him as he can today and he will know how bad it was before it was done.
A mother would praise her daughter because she and herself had been in the first position.
He will also carry out other household responsibilities such as household repair and household feeding headquarters.
How to pay
Payment is a time for a mother, her child and her newborn son to have a good relationship called 'bonding'. For this reason, many mothers go wherever their child is born, at home or abroad, to study for up to three months or more.
She will teach her daughter what her child's abuse means, whether she's married to her or she's married to her or she's married to violence.
food is supposed to be paid
The elderly woman has some of the foods she is eating. Some are used to remove her from the outbreak of blood during her child's presence. These foods are both traditional and traditional.
Flooding
Bridge hot water
Overwhelming
Eating drugs
Tea is hot and hot
Fake food
balls in bicycle
hot meat
Eehuru and Ehu
Usiza
Tourism
Every food will have good salad
It is said that malaria prevents age from other diseases such as malaria.
Women's food should not be paid
What is too cold
every giraffe, giraffe and giraffe used for oil
Ahuekere
Any food contains insecurity (women do not give it because it is given to insecurity that it will be consumed in years or years).
The news that will interest you:
Is woman's salary important today?
Has a woman been raped as a man?
Five things that interest women
What is your goal for trial?
payment closure
If you pay, the mother who comes to pay will get a lot more.
Those he comes to bring will include various gifts such as money, bridges, shoes, bags, various food items, and subsidies.
A bag of food and a clean bag would be given to his neighbors if he visits his residence.
The women of Ozubulu have demonstrated
The news said that the women of Ozubulu were used as lawyers went to the head of the police in Amawbia to appeal for condolences.
gunmen attacked St. Phillips church last year
The women of Ozubulu in Ekwusigo and Anambra state went to the police office in Amawbia to request a closure yesterday.
They did this for the trial among those suspected of attacking the church in their town on August 6 last year.
They said that those who are threatening their lives that it is also because of this that they are still looking for clarification who will give evidence against those who attacked them in court.
They went there with a big letter entitled 'we want justice' 'we want police arrest in court'.
What a witness said about Ozubulu's murder
Anambra police spokesman Nkiruka Nwode told Igbo BBC that what these women are important is for peace to take place in their country.
Nwode said that the women who are committing the incident have asked the police to wake up to go to court for the funeral killed in their country.
The police chief of Anambra state, Garba Baba Umaru, supported the women, asking them to go on.
Umaru told the women that 'if I am here, there is nothing to do to you, I will see that you got justice.'
What happened in Ozubulu
gunmen went to St. Phillips Catholic Church and killed people at their church.
The attack killed 11 people in the morning of August 6, 2017.
The news said that it was a conflict between two people living in South Africa that caused the incident.
This led to the investigation of the matter by the police of Nigeria and South Africa.
The suspects who were accused of misconduct were: Onyebuchi Mbanefo, 46, Chukwudi Ugwu, 30 and Great Chinedu Akpunonu, 44
The case is still in court where witnesses appear on a daily basis.
The news that will interest you:
Tembershade market fire
How to learn in Igbo culture
Two Nigerian soldiers have been killed in Plateau
People's war against me is not disturbing me'
In Igbo land, clergymen who have not been living up to 30 years have been suffering from excitement, prejudice and other various problems.
The ladies are following a woman who is going to school.
Unnamed ladies are being tortured
Nkiru (I did not name his father as we promised to give him) has been working as a receptor for more than 30 years in their Lagos branch but has not married.
Nkiru told the BBC journalist that his condition caused him sarcasm, harassment, harassment and harassment from his family and the people.
The last time I went home, our households told me that I was a host if he said that I had no man to help.
She also pleaded that her father's brother (women's mother died) did not give her and her grandfather too much to them because they have not been married.
Listen to what Nkiru said:
'Our family asked me if I went to another house and I was not sick.'
In Igbo land, marriage is the case of a deceased.
According to the National Demographic and Health Survey in 2013 which revealed that in Nigeria, women between the ages of 15 and 19 grew 28.2 per cent, while women between the ages of 35 and 39 grew 89.4 per cent.
How to learn in Igbo culture
Will it stop in Igbo land?
This shows that marriage is a common culture in Nigeria.
But if a woman is more likely to marry or not, especially in the eastern part of Nigeria, she is being monitored, covering some of those, especially what they have produced in life.
What got it?
According to sociologists, the cause of abuse or harassment of women without marriage is a cultural and misunderstanding.
In his speech, Dr Adedeji Oyenuga, a sociology lecturer at Lagos State University, explained that it is a culture and that some parents who do not care for their children are showing that they do not care for their children properly.
It comes from tradition. There was a time a child was careful for his mother and father, but when the child became a child, she was looked like a woman, she was looked like a woman. If she did not have this one, especially if she was a woman, her mother and father would have married her as if they had grown up to the ground in her education.
Dr Nkechi Emma-Echiegu who is a lecturer at Ebonyi State University also stated that it is tradition.
In Igbo land, it is a mother-in-law, a mother-in-law.
He went on to say that it is a bad tradition that a man is being raped or killed because he is not married.
Listen to what he said clearly:
What causes uncomfortable marriage in time
Dr Adedeji Oyenuga said that the real thing that comes without marriage is that a woman wears too much that can make men go to love her afraid.
Another is that violence is more than men in numbers. He also said that men are leaving where they are born to a country that is more important than women that has led to marriage.
The unprecedented violence arises
According to Oyenuga's expert, excessive pregnancies against women are often caused by excessive drinks, food consumption, hardships, excessive concentration called 'depression', which can cause hardships, mourning.
screening said that it could cause a variety of disasters including overthinking thought, misconduct, misconduct, misconduct, needlessness and hardships.
They said that having an understanding would help to stop the evil culture that makes it possible for a unmarried woman to be seen as an unmarried.
In Oklahoma, a woman will go to prison for marrying her child
One woman has been sentenced to two years in prison for marrying her daughter in Oklahoma, United States.
Patricia Ann Spann and her son, Master Dawn Spann
The woman killed her son
Patricia Ann Spann, aged 45 acknowledged that she and her 26-year-old daughter, Misty Velvet Dawn Spann, were married and had those relationships that were her blood.
The woman was married and her children were married again in 2014.
They worried themselves when it came to the law of a woman to marry a woman or a man to marry a fellow man in the area.
Researchers found that Patricia Ann Spann killed her son when he was eighty-eight years old, while the boyfriend entered the gang in 2010.
An interesting story
A former Catholic pioneer has gone to school
'Our family asked me if I went to another house and I was not sick.'
Dangote's son has written in Kano
It was the department of hospitality that observed the woman and her child during their visit to their home.
According to the newspaper, Misty Spann postponed his relationship with his mother in October last year after a Christian relationship with his mother followed him in that relationship.
Misty Spann said that her mother complained to her that 'three lawyers advised those who advised her to continue with no problems in the matter'.
Patricia Ann Spann said that she believed that their preparedness was illegal because she was not registered in the school of her daughter as her mother where they met themselves two years before they gathered.
Misty Spann acknowledged that he violated blood-related laws. He was given 10 years for research and tourism and psychological assistance.
While her mother, Patricia, will do eight years of investigation over her prison sentence, her name will be put on paper as an affected person if she emerges.
According to the law in the Oklahoma area, blood transfusions are blood transfusions if they have or do not have any association.
Igbo food: what you do not know about what you eat
Orthodox is one of the most non-culture foods in Igbo land, it is also one of the Igbo foods.
positions
He was removed from prayer as he was eaten before he was killed.
Many Igbos know that they do not know how to produce praise before it becomes a meal.
A crocodile has a crocodile that produces a greater crocodile called 'breadfruit'. A crocodile has a crocodile that consists of a crocodile, while a crocodile that consists of a crocodile that produces what we call crocodile.
A clergymen, he went from the top of his neck to the ground, and was left to listen before he was sacked and the used clergymen was removed. That was why the Igbos were saying that 'the clergymen was so long that he died'.
Before the summons are concluded, it will follow different ways such as:
Her title
He was buried
or you see it in fire
The food that is used
positions
Food oil
Some add salad, maize and salad
Some add fish while others add food papers.
Some add the crocodile
Some add tiger
He stood for his time
How to use it
These are the things you can do before responding to your concerns:
Add clean water to ensure that it is not included in kolanut or biscuits.
Add it to a pressure pot and water that will clean it well.
Some add medicine or pepper to make it smell and eat.
He smells with water in it and puts it in a bag, oil, and meals.
Let it compare with the food supplies you put in it.
Replace him and leave him in a bush and eat well.
Orthodox is one food that has a pleasure that you will eat if you add or don't add any food.
How to use it
They come to certain cities like Urualla in Imo state, they are not going to waste their salad. They eat different salad and eat different salad.
Some do not add food oil to their seeds, while some are leaving water in it that is that they put it in water.
A giraffe is preserved, used with ether or giraffe today.
Many people turn handcuffs into handcuffs
How to safeguard awareness
He was charged with death as he was called before being buried for those who would buy him to go to English.
Before you eat the so-called salad, add it to water from night to morning until morning. This will enable you to drink well and eat well when you eat it.
What she gives to the eye
The findings by scientists showed that pollution contains a lot of positive elements in the body, such as riboflavin, iron, niacin, thiamin, iron and fosforipht. It also contains potassum, copper, iron, magnitude, calshum, zink, manganeezi, selenium as well as fosforipht and Vitamine C.
It's good for the human spirit. Some use his bicycle paper to shed the head because it kills a bicycle called dandruff, which also stops maturity.
It also contains a small amount of fertilizer known as satirated fats, cholesterol, and sodium.
Some eat special milk while others eat it in its milk.
Other things to do that you don't know
Flavour is added to some of the oil that comes in the market.
It is used for the use of the so-called flour.
It is also removed of oil
The news that will interest you:
He is complaining in Enugu for Fayose's visit to the place
We will remove government from court - ICSC
How to learn in Igbo culture
There is too much death that has killed people
A surgeon of the evacuation site and a doctor said that the type of the site generates various diseases.
Where they are smoking
It comes from a place where ivory is used to cause serious diseases.
The residents of Ikosi, Isheri or Ketu and Lagos states are struggling to come from the government on the way to destroy Olososun dumpsite in Ojota.
Enugu State has this in line between Enugu and Port Harcourt.
The tragedy of coming out of these is the same that in Lagos, some of the people who came here have been displaced due to excessive violence.
In Lagos, the news said that one child died because he could not be angry because there was no death everywhere.
For this reason, Lagos Governor Akinwunmi Ambode has shut down the evacuation site.
Government and communities are visiting bush bushes at all times.
what people are saying
But the excess remains the same as the people living here.
Igbo BBC called a man named Samuel Osaze who was here on phone.
He said that coughing where it appears is causing serious diseases.
The rumour arises because the government always burns this place. The night when I stopped the traffic going to my home, the rumour arises everywhere in this forest.
In 2013 Lagos Waste Management Agency LAWMA said that Lagos' waste reached 13,000 tonnes.
A medical doctor, Dkta Ikechukwu Mgbolu said that he died from where he was used to cause various diseases such as cells and cells (Cholera), Taifod, malaria and laza fiva.
He also said that people with asthma are not able to live near this type of disease here.
Mgbolu said: 'High rate of infection known as 'upper respiratory infection' has been caused by the majority because of the unfortunate presence of monozide carbon in the mouth.
Osaze said that the headline is being extended between March and the whole year's count for this time is summer.
Those living in Lagos are living with bush every time on the road in Lagos
Osaze said, 'There are no open cities that are searching for where wildfires are being burnt now because they know that such acts are causing serious injuries.
Government should buy the so-called incinerator and the so-called burning equipment.
Governor Ambode has said that he will not waste any crops elsewhere because of the various diseases he is causing.
It is up to other states to say what to do where there is corruption between their communities.
The news that will interest you:
what Buhari stopped travelling to Rwanda
Are these banks raping Nigerians?
A self-sacrificing Uber car killed someone in America
A self-sacrificing Uber car killed a woman in Tempe town in Arizona, United States
Uber
Uber company has expressed regret over the woman they have killed
Uber own manufacturers have said that they have stopped driving as one of their cars killed a 49-year-old woman crossing the road in Tempe town in Arizona.
According to the news, the crash caused the Uber company to stop its own driver's check-in.
Uber boss Dara Khosrowshahi said on Twitter that the death was 'tricking'
We are looking at the affected family and we are working with brothers to understand how to do it.
The accident is not to tell Uber how it is affected, it will affect the efforts made to create self-construction vehicles for human transportation.
The news that will interest you:
We will remove government from court - ICSC
Are these banks raping Nigerians?
Putin will rule Russia for another six years
But if they go to the monopoly, it will make the majority of the money invested in education in Nigeria more.
In the last few years, Nigeria had a financial crisis as its economy dropped due to the decline in oil prices in the global market.
It is the case that, as Uwaleke said, it will not allow Nigeria to comply with the status provided by the IMF.
Uwaleke said that if Nigeria had it now, he would have asked him to pay his debt abroad because it would be too expensive.
An interesting story
What is Nigeria getting from CHOGM?
Will Nigerians not meet in America?
The police have blocked Dino Melaye's house
World Cancer Day: How I got cancer treatment - Winner of breast cancer
Gloria Orji is an Igbo woman who wins cancer and is healthy, saying that where she wins cancer, who wins cancer
Cancer is a disease that threatenes the world for killing people.
It is unfortunate that those seeking treatment are looking for it but there is no medicine released for it.
The theme of the 2019 cancer commemoration is 'I am capable, you can' which means that we all can fight against cancer.
But Ms Gloria, who was diagnosed with cancer in 2010, was tested, carried out and all the other things and defeated was the disease.
In his words, 'Kansa is not a death case', now, he adds that the issue of women with cancer is on the rise.
He told BBC Igbo how he defeated him as a threatening disease in the world.
Bill Cosby has been convicted of violence against a woman
Bill Cosby may go to up to thirty prisons for violence against a woman.
Bill Cosby
Bill Cosby is well known as a player
A court in America has ruled that the lawyer, Bill Cosby, has been found guilty of three charges of violence against women.
It was Andrea Constand who was a former basketball player prosecuting Cosby in court after 2004.
Nnamdi Kanu's release on trial day
The court has ordered the suspension of Innoson
Cosby is 80 years old, still facing the charges, but a decision can put him in jail for up to 30 years.
This is the second time Cosby is facing trial for alleged violence against women.
Bill Cosby is well known in the video 'The Cosby Show' in English.
Many women are still accusing Cosby of rape but Cosby said that they are all lazy.
An interesting story
MASSOB - Buhari's Ebere is doing nothing
See the variety of foods that are produced in cassava
Codeine
Codeine, a whistleblower' is the story of how much drug consumption is said to have lost the lives of victims in Nigeria according to the BBC.
Codeine, a whistleblower' is the story of how drug consumption is said to have lost the lives of young people in Nigeria.
Reporters of the BBC conducted a thorough investigation into how drug producers and consumers used drugs for children in violation of the Nigerian Constitution.
Codeine Mugbum: Emzor has sacked workers
Emzor Pharmaceuticals has discharged one of their employees for detection, Codeine Otọmegbu' by BBC
Man in drug consumption, Copdeine
Reports say that politicians are treating youths as gifts
The Nigerian pharmaceuticals, Emzor Pharmaceuticals, has sacked one worker, and suspended two jobs for allegedly using codeine, illegally, as the BBC's findings showed that the drug has destroyed the lives of Nigerian youths.
Emzor kidnapped a member of their trader who used a medical BBC journalist, Emzolyn syrup.
They said this on social media as the BBC released their video on Monday morning 30th of April.
In one of the videos, one of the drug consumers, including one Emzor worker, was on the home roads and used drugs for people.
The price and interest of the audience of the video that was broadcast in Lagos yesterday
One person said that it is politicians that put oil in Kano fire as he said that they give the youths the medicine as gift.
But Emzor's office has said that they are not receiving illicit drugs.
They also said that they have stopped paying Emzolyn with Codeine until they are investigating on alleged misappropriation of their malaria drugs.
Emzor shut down one of their and later sacked it.
Emzor Pharmaceuticals is an independent and fair company.
They have more than one hundred and twenty drugs licences including Emzolyn Codeine from NAFDAC.
They went on to say: Emzolyn Codeine's distribution has been stopped after full investigation.
In a conversation between the BBC and the Director-General of the Department of Pharmacists in Nigeria and the Eastern Region, J.C Okafor, he said there is a law that guarantees the use of codeine-based malaria, and that in any agency found that it was misuse, it would be stopped.
Okafor said, 'We have a plan on how codeine- containing cough drugs are used in Nigeria that has made it impossible for people to use rather than a doctor to pay for it.
Any institution found to have breached the law, we are breaching it.'
The majority of Nigerians on social media are griefing Emzor for the help of those who are suffering from drug consumption among youths.
One person who asked the agency asked : So, if the BBC failed to show the indication, will your agency not do anything to stop too much drinking the medicine among the youths?
Is it that the workers do not know what they are doing?
Another person, Mairo Mandara, called on the government to stop consuming codeine-based drug.
Codeine: NAFDAC has attacked four companies and shut down many drugs
NAFDAC said that they will try to stop all the agencies that promote the destruction of codeine in Nigeria.
NAFDAC agency
NAFDAC is always attacking the pharmaceutical industry in Nigeria
The Department of Food and Drug Safety in Nigeria named NAFDAC has committed to attacking four pharmaceutical industries in Lagos, Ilorin and Kano.
The attack, following the BBC's investigation which showed how people destroyed the drug with codeine.
NAFDAC said that the attack, which they carried out, showed that these agencies were still producing codeine of malaria more than a national number that allowed them to produce.
Mmachi Codeine: Is Dextromethorphan going on?
Government has banned codeine
Codeine Mugbum: Emzor has sacked workers
The wife of the president has screamed for codeine
NAFDAC head, Mojisola Adeyeye, told journalists that now, they are investigating the work of the four BBC agencies showed in their show.
In his words: 'I have confiscated many drugs containing codeine in a pharmaceutical industry in Illorin.
Bioraj Pharmaceuticals said that they have suspended their employer, Junaid Hassan, Emzor also said that they have sacked their employer, Chukwunonye Madubuike.
Both appeared on BBC's video as back users consumed codeine.
But the respondents are saying that the government should suffer the agency more than they are being investigated.
Other news that will interest you:
Four ways that journalists are careful at work
Court has suspended the release of Dino Melaye till June 11
Buhari has left his US trip to shut down Nigeria
The Nigerian president, Muhammadu Buhari has fled to the United States to arrest Nigeria after he left London.
Muhammadu Buhari
Buhari and Trump complain about fighting war terrorists
Nigerian president Muhammadu Buhari has travelled to the United States to visit Nigerian president Donald Trump.
The plane was stolen at the Presidential Airport of Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, Abuja at 10am.
Some government officials went to accept him.
The spokesman of the president, Femi Adesina, told the news when the plane collapsed.
President Buhari will go to America
See what Buhari and Trump did
Four ways Buhari has defeated Trump
Buhari who left Washington DC on Tuesday after Trump met in London
President's spokesman on media, Garba Shehu, accused him of accident stoppage to investigate the airline and said that it was because the heavy hurricane the President travelled still went through.
He also said that Buhari used a few unchanging boxes to see how clear he was travelling, so he stopped in Britain.
Shehu said that the suspension was for the importation of fuel into his vehicle and for thorough investigation before he arrived in Nigeria.
He said that nothing is enough to stop because the president has accepted Nigeria.
But see what people are saying on soshal media:
The news that will interest you:
It is only one thing that Buhari has done well.
NAFDAC has attacked four offices for codeine
Do you know that killing someone who wants to die is a crime in Nigeria?
President Buhari has visited London again for a health trip
President Muhammadu Buhari is going to see his doctor who told him to come for his visit and treatment.
Buhari
It has not been a week for Buhari to come from America where he and Donald Trump have a meeting back.
President Muhammadu Buhari will leave London today where he is receiving treatment for the disease.
The president's spokesman, Garba Shehu wrote that the president would spend four days on his trip.
He said that when the president went to London for prayer and oil in his plane when he came from the United States, he had a meeting with his doctor.
Buhari has left his US trip to shut down Nigeria
Buhari will travel to UK today
Why did Buhari come to Lagos?
He said that his doctor told him to react and the president promised to him that he would come.
The president will meet on Saturday night 12th this month is May.
Shehu said that when he returns, he will travel to Jigawa state, the trip is scheduled for the APC meeting.
The ceremony will take place on Monday 14 and Tuesday 15 this month is May.
Remember that the president is receiving treatment in London but he does not tell Nigeria what happens to him.
An interesting story
Lagos: out of 2131 women who are infected with HIV
45 bodies have been caught in Gwaska
The Igbos will not fight independently anymore'
Sweet sweet codeine: Nafdac has shut down three codeine drug companies
Nafdac has shut down Bioraj, Peace and Emzor pharmacies for illegal distribution of codeine-based drugs.
Codeine
Many youths are suffering from various diseases due to the excessive consumption of malaria.
Nafdac has shut down three pharmaceutical factories; Bioraj Pharmaceutical Limited, Emzor Pharmaceuticals Ind.
Ltd and Peace Standard Pharmaceutical Limited are the companies that have contributed to the illegal sale of codeine-based drugs.
The BBC released a report on their decision to investigate which led to the death of the three agencies from the back of the drug service which was officially conducted at the time of the doctor's delivery, to the youths disappointment.
Codeine, conspiracy
Codeine Mugbum: Emzor has sacked workers
Government has banned codeine
In a letter issued by the chairman of Nafdac Mojisola Adeyeye, the closure led to their investigation as they went to the offices.
Because there was not enough evidence in an effort to prevent the production of the necessary documents that we conducted our inspection on May 2, at their facility in Ilorin and Lagos, it was necessary to close the three-story marketing agencies - Peace Standard Pharmaceutical Limited ; Bioraj Pharmaceutical Limited and Emzor Pharmaceuticals Ind Ltd.
This is to provide the opportunity for adequate investigation.
Nafdac is conducting this investigation for the BBC's investigation into the drug.