The news that will interest you
Joseph
The government has not joined Boko Haram - Massob
Tottenham Tottenham Tottenham Tottenham Tottenham Tottenham Tottenham Tottenham Tottenham Tottenham Tottenham Tottenham Tottenham Tottenham Tottenham Tottenham Tottenham Tottenham Tottenham Tottenham Tottenham Tottenham Tottenham Tottenham Tottenham Tottenham Tottenham Tottenham Tottenham
The Son Heung-min, Fernando Llorente and Kyle Walter-Peters of Tottenham were the main contenders of Rochadale in the recent transfer feud.
Son Heung-min, Tottenham's son-in-law was injured when he scored a goal in FA Cup.
Tottenham has Tottenham has Tottenham has Tottenham has Tottenham has Tottenham has Tottenham has defeated FA
In sports, Tottenham players scored six goals against Rochadale in FA Cup.
The win between Tottenham Hotspur and Swansea will make the Quarter Final in FA Cup played on 17th of March.
Son Heung-min scored the first goal in five matches. Fernando Llorente scored three goals in the second round, while Kyle Walter-Peters scored the third goal.
The Son Heung-min has left the club of Rochadale
The next thing will happen?
The Tottenham will return to Wembley Stadium on the third day of Marchi. They and Huddersfield will play Premier League, before Juventus will play their own match in Champions League on the fourteenth of Marchi.
The Rochdale club had 16 matches to qualify for relegation in the league.
Their first match will be played in Plymouth on 3rd of Marchi.
The news that will interest you
Inaugrating his first goal in England
Neymar Neymar Neymar Neymar Neymar Neymar Neymar Neymar Neymar
The commissioner of police:
Inspector-General of Police has warned the Governors to go to court to seek for divorce before relocating to their states.
Idris
Inspector-General of Police Ibrahim Idris has said that the state is ready for the next phase of the Civil War before it is over.
The commissioner said this in a statement issued at the National Security Council, stressing that it would help reduce unemployment and create jobs both among the agricultural workers and the general public.
He went on to say that the problem with Benue is because the state government has not yet resolved the issue before it has resolved the issue.
In his keynote address, 'Income Tax Reduction: Income Tax Reduction: Income Tax Reduction: Income Tax Reduction During President Muhammdu Buhari's Administration's Second Term,' the issue between farmers and taxpayers has not been resolved in the administration of President Muhammdu Buhari.
'In my view, to curb unemployment among farmers and farmers, the state government needs to test its own model of self-employment before embarking on any form of discrimination.
The news that will interest you
The market has burnt down in Alaba International
Achuzia, we will see that Biafra is completed
In Imo State, the poor have many diseases
The people of Imo state have different kinds of animals.
The people of various ethnic nationalities are in Imo state.
He also instructed the people of these houses to take good care of themselves.

Timothy Weah has joined PSG with his father George Weah who was a well known footballer from 1992 to 1995.

But will Timothy Weah succeed in making his mother happy as people think?
Inspector-General of Liberia, George Weah known as Timothy Weah has started playing for PSG, where his father died first.
Inspector Timothy entered the stadium early as PSG and Troyes played match.
The Neymar and Kylian Mbappe were not among the players for the loss, Angel di Maria and Christopher Nkunku were the ones who scored PSG a goal in the match.
The Neymar and Mbappe defeated Weah in the match.
George Weah scored a goal in 55 matches for PSG
Nna Timothy is known as George Weah who joined PSG from the age of 23 before joining AC Milan.
The PSG had 10 matches left in the series, in which they needed to win 17 trophies if they were to qualify for the French league this year.
He and Real Madrid will meet on Tuesday in their second match of the Champions League. In the first match, Real Madrid won them with 3 goals against 1
The goal keeper, Neymar will not qualify for the next season because of what he did.
The news that will interest you
The Nigerian government has denied Dapchi's release
The man has killed his children in Awada
The Fulani chants have been used many times
He has said that he wants the youths to be part of Nigeria's future.
The Charles Oputa who is known as 'Charly Boy' has expressed his opinion on the Nigerian Government.
The popular Eze youth in Nigeria, Charly Boy said that his heart is not for Nigeria
But when the Igbo BBC asked him questions, he said, 'Who did it for? Who are the criminals that ruled Nigeria?
Inspector-General of Police,Charly Boy said that he is appealing to the youths for support to contest for the Nigerian parliament.
'I'm excited as the twenty-five years of Nigeria's founding will be remembered for the youths,' said Charly Boy.
The Oscars 2018: Kobe Bryant is among the contenders
The American basket star Kobe Bryant has been disqualified from the finals of the reality television show.
He is known as Kobe Bryant, an American footballer.
The first match- Kobe Bryant has defeated
In what is surprising, Kobe Bryant is known as the best American football player in the competition for the Oscars.
He created this video for a childhood video.
But there are others that have merit in the Oscars this year.
The winners
The Shape of Water has the best picture.
Frances McDormand won 'Best Actress' for Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
The winner of this category is Gary Oldman for Darkest Hour.
Inaugrating Guillermo Del Toro for 'Best Director' for The Shape of Water
The Get Out of Jordan Peele made 'Best original screenplay'
The Oscars 2018: what the actors did in the movie industry
The first thing you need to know about him in Hollywood
He also took photos of people on the red carpet.
The Black Panther and the Walking Dead movie went viral on social media.
The Academy Awards is popular as an Oscars ceremony held at night where people show their creativity.
The reasons behind this happening are too numerous to list.
Daniel
The British actor, Daniel Kaluuya, is among the finalists for the Oscars.

The Lupita Nyong was nominated for the 2012 Oscars for what he did for the movie 12 Years a Slave.
Jennifer
The fear of Jennifer Lawrence is the reason why the Hunger Games movie was disqualified for Oscar consideration.

The American man is singing and dancing, dressed in red carpet, asking people to take care of him.

Black Black Black Black Black Black Black Black Black Black Black Black Black Black Black Black Black Black Black Black Black Black Black Black Black Black Black Black Black Black Black Black Black Black Black Black Black Black Black Black Black Black Black Black
The African continent was represented in the movie 'Black Panther'.
Black Panther: Black Panther: Black Panther:
Tom
The movie which was directed by Tom Holland was released with the name of Spider Man.

Chadwick Boseman is the T'challa of Wakanda in the movie which was directed by Givenchy.

The singer who appeared on the show with the song Time's Up is now a star on the red carpet.
Adam
Adam Rippon in the Olympics figure skating challenged people to stick to the rules so that he could perform well as he did in Fifty Shades Of Grey's movie.

Inspector-General of Police Halman Sayek

The photographs showcased how Darrell Britt-Gibson did the Three Billboards dance on the red carpet.

The fear of Whoopi Goldberg is as strong as the fear of a dragon.
Patrick
Sir Patrick Stewart made X-men's debut with his Time's Up uniform while posing with the press.
Sal
The British boxer, Sally Hawkins, was among the finalists for the movie The Shape of Water he did not win.
Sao
The actress made Lady Bird's first appearance on the Oscars red carpet less than 10 years after her first appearance in 2008 when she was a 13-year-old girl.

The filmmaker, Meryl Streep, has been nominated for 21 Oscars trophies since he started acting.
Mar
The actress made Tonya's red carpet debut.
Tiffany
The song by Tiffany Haddish is a perfect example of African music which is popular with women from Eritrea and Ethiopia
The whole picture has been protected by the law.
This African country is better than many other nations
He was nominated for best international feature at the Oscars, African-Americans representing Nigeria.
The Oscars prize
In 2018 it was 90 years of the Oscars and Hollywood being separated
Ahead of the Oscars ceremony which was the best international feature film award in 2018, BBC Igbo has learnt that other African nations are better in what they do.

The BBC discovered that despite that some producers in Nigeria were showing some Hollywood stars on their show, they were not allowed to collaborate with the namesake in order to earn any money in Hollywood.
Nollywood is a producer in Nigeria and other African nations are also producers in Nigeria, the rest of the world has benefited from them.
The young girl from Kenya who was born in America got the title 'the best girl in the show' in 2013
In recent years, Nigeria has been seen as a 'dike' in the African film industry, but now as other countries have migrated to them.
The Nollywood stars are among the top two in the world to create more than 1000 movie in a year, and Hollywood produces less than half of that, but it is not surprising that the world is still looking for them to produce the best movie ever.
But coming from Africa, the countries of Kenya and South Africa are showing Nigeria better where it matters in the Oscars.
The head of state in South Africa
The problem I am facing is security in the country
The senators who stole Nigerian money
The senator is among the few members of the Senate.
The Nigerian youths have criticized Buhari for calling them 'unstoppable'
The Nigerian youths do not agree with what Buhari said at CHOGM that they are lazy
Buhari
The Nigerians are saying that President Muhammadu Buhari is holding them in some countries for some time
The people still talk about'revolution' which the Nigerian president called the youths.
As Buhari went to London for the meeting of the leaders of the countries in Commonwealth called CHOGM, he said that Nigerian youths are lazy
The statement made no surprise to many Nigerians, which prompted them to take to social media.

Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari
The president will not listen to Nigerians
The spokesman of Buhari, Femi Adesina, said that Nigerians did not understand what he said.
Adesina's statement did not stop people talking about themselves.

The majority of them went on to demonstrate their skills, saying that they are not lazy workers in the traditional Nigerian society.
The latter contributed to his position on this.
A lot of people said how they made their way into the school from the first stage.
The majority said that they will not vote for Buhari in 2019
The spokesman applauded the contractor for allowing him to carry out the project.
He will become the new commonwealth chairman?
The Commonwealth leaders are eager to find out if the native of Wales will represent his mother as the chairman of the council.

The Queen of England wants her son, Charles to follow her
The Commonwealth leaders are calling on you to explain how a child of Wales who will wear his mother's coloured shirt as the president of the federation will be elected.
The British Queen has decided that her son Charles will join the CHOGM team at Buckingham Palace.
He said it was his desire to see Charles join the CHOGM one day.
But that is not what a woman gives to her child when she is pregnant.
Inspector-General of Commonwealth will decide who will lead them and they will meet at Windsor Castle but there hasn't been any indication of when the meeting would be held.
It is not true that no one has a commonwealth?
The BBC reporter, James Landale, said the move was part of deliberate efforts by the country's leaders in Commonwealth.
But, South Africa's president Cyril Ramaphosa has denied his involvement in the meeting in London as he became aware of the attack in his country.
The attack was happening in South Africa where armed robbery suspects sneaked into their homes, buildings and businesses.
But what is the job of the Commonwealth chairman?
The position of a British woman is very important.
The department is targeting to partner with fifty-five nations to ensure that Commonwealth is fully restored.
This includes building partnerships with these countries through consultative and policy-making activities.
The news that will interest you
Chi Chi Chi Chi Chi Chi Chi Chi Chi
The president will not listen to Nigerians
Nigeria Nigeria Nigeria Nigeria Nigeria Nigeria Nigeria
The head of the travel agency in the country is part of the team, to facilitate the agreement.
He is one of the founders of the group and will be the chairman of the board.
The Prime Minister of Theresa May and the Prime Minister of Canada, Justin Trudeau have decamped to Charleston.
The name is CHOGM?
The Commonwealth Heads of Government meeting in English
It is the commonwealth meeting, held for two years.
The organizers were comprised of 50 Ministries of the Federal Government and their families, who spoken to them on the phone.
This year's meeting took place in London, where last year's was in Valletta in Malta.
The money borrowed from Imo will not be ours - Rochas' spokesman
The Imo state government says the plans are not their own, but they will take up to N30m to fund it.
Rochas Okorocha and the Ogoni people, King Godwin Gininwa
The coup led by Rochas Okorocha will be ended in 2019
The news stated that the Imo state government has disbursed three billion naira to the Diaspora, while the Imo state government is not charging them with this kind of money.
Ebere Iwuji, the spokesman of the governorship in the media told BBC Igbo on phone that the bill will be paid one day
He also said that the money would be used to fund the various projects that the people of Imo state are working on.
Aside from the fact that the report states that sixty billion naira is needed to build a nation, Nzewuji said that there is no money laundering, because the people of the country now need to make sacrifices.
Inzewuji said, 'This will not be the last vestiges of Imo state's Community Government Council (CGC).
The Nzewuji went on to say that the Imo state government would spend N30bn to fund the country's deficit, as they are looking into how it will be allocated to the construction of roads and other infrastructure.
The thought is that everyone who wants to succeed must strive, so that they can contribute to the development of the country, Nzewuji said.
Nzewuji went on to say that no nation was infected with this virus.
The news that will interest you here:
The news that will interest you:
The Nigerian soldiers have given one more life
The president will not listen to Nigerians
The most recent news Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari
The party will support the decamp of APC?
The 2019 elections are still hot as some parties are campaigning for the 2019 APC presidency.

Olusegun Obasanjo assumed office in 1999
A lot of APC members are saying that Nigeria is trying to delist from Buhari's party in 2019.
The news stated that many of the ruling parties have started rebuilding their camps in preparation for the upcoming election.
The leaders of the party are the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), some of the leaders of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Social Democratic Party, and other small-time independents.
The Coalition for Nigeria Movement (CNM) of former Nigerian president Olusegun Obasanjo.
Inspector Obasanjo has been arrested
2019 Key
Buhari
APC took office in 2015
The Nigerian military, led by Gen T.Y Danjuma, has responded to the crisis.
In a statement signed by a prominent person, 'this will not be the end of APC's long-standing struggle.
We do not support the INEC logo.
The new parliament will give every person a chance to express his/her opinion.
The members of the house of senate and the government are defending him.
The PDP ruled Nigeria for nine years before APC declared them independent.
In other hand, PDP is still trying to decide if they will change their party.
The leader of the party Uche Secondus said that he and his group are preparing for the election.
But people are saying that instead of changing the name, the PDP should make use of different names to represent Nigeria and put APC in government.
The news that will interest you
The use of foreign currency in Imo
The victims have been arrested by the health workers
Nigeria Nigeria Nigeria Nigeria Nigeria Nigeria Nigeria
The death of father invaded church 'Ebube Mystery'
The priests who attacked the catholic church in Uke Anambra state caused the death and injured three persons
The youths are fighting for immortality
What is the meaning of death indigbo language?
The dead persons, 'The Way Iyi' in Uke Local Government Area Idemili Nọt in Anambra State attacked the catholic church and stole up to thirty vehicles, killing at least thirty people, whereas one person was injured on Saturday by a hit-and-run driver
Inspector-General of the church, Father Emmanuel Obimma, known simply as 'Ebube Mmọnsọ' and other priests, and women who came to the church to pray for the memorial ceremony held on Saturday.
The Archbishop of Francis Okoye told the BBC in a telephone interview that people were attacked at night on what is known as the eighth of the avenue and killed more than thirty people.
Aguleri and Igbos did not come to Igbo land
The man has killed his children in Awada
The moment the accident occurred, we snatched the car from them and set it to alight.
They killed many people.
He has many of them who have been expelled from the hospital
We do not know whether she survived or died.
He were delighted that Uke youths supported the campaign to sensitise the masses on the fact that, while the 'North', the 'West', the 'North' and the 'North' were divided on the sixteenth of March and the 'West' divided on the seventeenth of April.
They started selling cars to people who came to buy cars, charging them their money and phones.
The death of many people in the gathering
The operatives of our arm tried to stop them from doing things but when we saw that something was going on, we called the police.
They came to save some of them.
The Anambra state police stated that the fire raged on in Uke but they said no one died
The spokesman of the state's police Nkirụ Nwode told BBC that 'we are investigating the incident here.
The news stated that this is not the first time the youths of the Diocese are molesting Catholic priests on Friday which attracts more than 70 per cent attendance
The residents said that the youths were frustrated that the drivers and motorists were taking their money and buying some things.
In a sworn affidavit, they condemned Professor Fada Obimma's actions and condemned the police who arrested the youths and released them after a gun battle with the villagers.
Earlier it was reported that the youths insulted the teachers who were paying the people's salaries.
The news that will interest you
The 88-year-old baby may die in a hurry
The kidnappers have killed 20 people
The party will support the decamp of APC?
The Igbos will ask Buhari Ezeife again
Ezeife and some of the protesters have said that Igbo people should support Buhari so that they can achieve their goals in 2023
Chukwuemeka Ezeife and some Igbo friends
Chukwuemeka Ezeife, the Igbo-Ukwu former governor of Anambra State is one who represents Ndigbo and Niajiria
The Igbos have said that the Igbo children will vote for Buhari in the 2019 election as they did in 2015.
They also warned the Igbos to be mindful of the fact that if they support Buhari in the 2019 presidential election and the Igbo flag are given to a woman, that it is not a good thing.
In their remarks, many APC members including the Minister of Transportation, Rotimi Amaechi, Secretary-General of the Federal Government, Boss Mustafa and the chairman of Voice of Nigeria, Professor Okechukwu, urged the Igbos to vote for Buhari in 2019, as well as to extend their ruling party to 2023.

The Igbos are being killed as the emerging from the dead
But some Igbo people said that the statement is not enough to get Ndigbo votes, adding that people like Buhari who were Igbos for his impeachment in 2015, that they would not support him in the 2019 election.
In his interview with the Sun newspaper, the former governor of Anambra state Dr Chukwuemeka Ezeife said, 'It is not expected to happen.
I don't think we should be charging people to contest for president.
The idea is that we will go to God, who knows that if the Igbo were given the mandate as president, the Fulani, the Yoruba, the rest of the Nigerian people would be happy because we will continue to improve Nigeria's economy so that it will continue to grow.
The 2023 target is too lofty, everyone is saying it's to kill the Igbos.
In the same vein, the former president of Ohanaeze Ndigbo, Dozie Ikedife, said that the Igbos who had been promised the presidency not happened anytime last year.
He told the Sun: He said: He told the Igbos that many of the promises made in the past week, were not fulfilled by our people.
It is true that people love you for two or three or four, it comes to four, you need to think big.
The land has taken people.
Icedife went on to say: Ikedife went on to say: Ikedife went on to say: Ikedife went on to say: Ikedife went on to say: Ikedife went on to say: Ikedife went on to say: Ikedife went on to say: Ikedife went on to say: Ikedife went on to say: Ikedife went on to say: Ikedife went on to say: Ikedife went on to say: Ikedife went on to say: Ikedife went on to say: Ikedife went on to say: Ikedife went on to say: Ikedife went on to say: Ikedife went on to say:
Remember in 2015, many Igbo people who did not vote for Buhari didn't vote for him because he didn't give the voters 95 per cent and the voters who gave him 50 per cent.
The news that will interest you
The death of the catholic church in Anambra
The average life expectancy is about eighty years.
The kidnappers have killed 20 people
The man who has travelled to America has been arrested
The police are searching for a man who attacked four people while four people were injured
The restaurant where the incident occurred
The police found a way to attack the school.
The police said that a man has killed four people in a restaurant in Nashville in America.
The man stepped into the restaurant and waited till eighth in Antioch and began to beat people.
The four other people who were involved in the incident before the victim was taken to the hospital where he was taken to burial.
The police have given the name of the man to Travis Reinking who is 22 years old from Illinois where they are looking for him
The news that will interest you
The death of the catholic church in Anambra
The 88-year-old baby may die in a hurry
The kidnappers have killed 20 people

Soy
The winner of the Nobel Prize, Wole Soyinka has said that the country's political system is better than that of Nigeria
Wole Soyinka warned Nigerians not to be afraid
Wole Soyinka who is the author of the book has warned Nigerians to be careful not to vote for their political opponents in the up coming 2019 election.
Soyinka, who said this on the occasion of the memorial ceremony of the notorious armed robber Gani Fawehinmi in Lagos, said that Nigeria and the ruling capitalist class are in crisis now.
He urged Nigerians to emulate the current developments by ensuring that their interests are fulfilled as the outcome of the up coming election, and advised Nigerians to emulate the existing actors to create opportunities for new actors to take leadership positions.
Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari
Wole Soyinka: Wole Soyinka: Wole Soyinka: Wole Soyinka: Wole Soyinka: Wole Soyinka: Wole Soyinka: Wole Soyinka:
He said: He did not want to interfere in the governance of his opponents.
It is not the end of the world, the country is in crisis.
Echeghị I don't think there is a time in the universe, especially in this part of the world where everything has to do with this group.
We all know this.
The question is, are we to treat it as a precondition for us to continue to do what those things have done in our country for decades?
He is not new to the need to make Nigeria a multi-lingual country.
It is a shame that the leaders of the ruling capitalist class have failed to come up with a plan that put us in today' It is a shame that the people of the ruling capitalist class are now self-sustaining as the Nigerian Marxist Leftist Leftist Leftist Leftist Leftist Leftist Leftist Leftist Leftist Leftist Leftist Leftist Leftist Leftists.
Soyinka went on to urge Nigerians to look out for waterfalls to avoid falling.
The news that will interest you
The death of the catholic church in Anambra
The 88-year-old baby may die in a hurry
The kidnappers have killed 20 people
It did not bother me that as Nigeria was being talked about, one, two or three persons were involved.
The people should be careful as they are being attacked by criminals who are part of the Nigerian Left and part of the present Nigerian Left.
The reason why Nigerians will not attend a meeting in America?
The Nigerian government has expressed concern over the outcome of the meeting between Nigerian and American investors.

Yemi Osibanjo is among the names in the certificate given to them by the ministry.
The Nigerian Leftist Party has insisted that they are in a meeting called the Nigerian and American ambassador in Washington DC despite the fact that it is not formal.
The government's actions do not prevent people that have wealth in Nigeria from making money from overseas.
The people should come and see the Vice President Yemi Osinbajo, Minister of Finance Kemi Adeosun, Minister of Petroleum, Ibe Kwachukwu, Minister of Agriculture Audu Ogbeh, Minister of Mines Ogbonnaya Onu, Minister of Transportation Lai Mohammed, Minister of Information Kayode Fayemi and Minister of Agriculture Okechukwu Enelamah.
The dead and injured have contributed

The one person that this happened to is the Emir of Kano Sanusi Lamido, who has worked as a broker in Nigeria.

Sanụsi said that the investor who wants to invest in Africa, 'he has Nigeria, he has Ghana, he has Rụwanda, Kenya and South Africa' Sanusi said.
He further stated, 'Nigeria may have been more resourceful than other nations, but it could have been if it added 500 naira to Nigeria, I would have added 100 naira to Ghana, 100 naira to Rụwanda, 100 naira to Code Vuwa, so it would have gotten a better handle.' He further stated, 'Nigeria may have been more resourceful than other nations, but it could have added 100 naira to Ghana, 100 naira to Rụwanda, 100 naira to Code Vuwa, so it would have gotta better handle.
We went ahead and we partnered with the financial institutions in the country to organise a meeting, we promised to start with the minimum number of thirty.
The moment I entered the place, they asked me to go to the Nigerian Consulate.
The attendees of the meeting were at the meeting, the Vice President was not there, the government was not there, Sanusi said.
Sanusi said that the incident was unfortunate, because it shows that Nigeria was not prepared for the issue.
He said, 'We called on people to come and see how things are going in Nigeria, but unu is not enough.
It is not too late for Nigerians to start investing in Nigeria.
He said that if the Russians do this gathering, their president, Kagame will be there to console the people who came to Rwanda.
The people also reacted to the news on social media.
The Twitter user @SegunAndrews agreed with Sanusi's statement.
But, the government has said that it is not too late for them to act.
The Laị Mohammed ministry of information says it is not true that the people who should go to that meeting will not be there.
The minister also said that the organisers of the event did not have a copy of the certificate issued by them, and was standing by the Washịntịn DC during the meeting.
He said that the ministry of electricity, water and sanitation and the ministry of finance had not received any certificates of office as their names were on the books of those who claimed to have it.
The Minister of Information and Public Enlightenment has been on the watch list of the Commonwealth meeting in London.
The government is responsible for the money in Washington DC, but it is for the meeting of the banks and IMF.
He went on to say that the ministry of information and communications received the report, but he was told that the workers were not happy about what he had in his possession.
Lai Mohammed said that 'These indications show that Ministers should not interfere in the meeting.
The Igbos are dead
Ikeogu Oke collected 100 million naira from Nigeria in 2017.
The winner of the contest in Nigeria in 2017, Ikeogu Oke has said that Igbo language will die if the Igbos listen to him
Ikeogu received 100 million naira from the Nigerian Prize of Literature for his book, 'The Heresiad'.
The difference between the two books is that he wrote it in Igbo language.
In a conversation with the Igbo BBC, Mr Oke said the issue concerning the security of the Igbo language, that he thought he should take his own language.
The
The minister of finance has stated what the Federal Government will do with the money used in Nigerian economy.
Ade Ade Ade Ade Ade
The Nigerian government has proposed to spend up to three trillion naira on Abacha zuru imported by the Swiss government.
The minister of finance Kemi Adeosun has said that the money will be distributed to the poor as President Buhari promised during his administration.
He said this while addressing journalists at the world-wide IMF meeting in Washington, the United States.
Adeosun said the money had been allocated to the Niajiria bank by the CBN in a bid to start formulating schemes that will help the poor.
The dead and injured have contributed
The senators have nominated the head of bank
In a message, he said the Federal Government was hopeful that they would put in place the plans they had in place, in what will make Nigeria better.
In his words 'We implement these measures so that the production, value creation and socio-economic development of Nigeria will be enhanced' In his words 'we install these measures so that the production, value creation and socio-economic development of Nigeria will be enhanced' In his words 'we install these measures so that the production, value creation and socio-economic development of Nigeria will be enhanced.
Were Nigeria's products part of CHOGM?
Ig Ig Ig Ig Ig Ig Ig Ig Ig
The Nigerians will not attend meeting in America
The three ways to get a lot of money is investing
The IMF told Nigeria to diversify its borrowing capacity as it is one, while the cassava farmers are complaining about having too much money.

The EFCC said that Umar wants N30bn
In an attempt to boost Nigeria's inflation rate, the IMF has urged Nigeria to increase its external debt.
The Nigerian economy has five major sectors; one for importers of goods and services in Nigeria, one for exporters of goods and services in Saudi Arabia, another for the Christian masses in the country, and thirdly for the priests in the country and the tax collection agency.
According to analysts who studied economics Pat Utomi and Uche Uwaleke explained to BBC, having too much money is bad.
The most common mistakes to make in having too much money:
He is a lawyer
The Pat Utomi explained that he was doing 'The rich person has a right to be rich and to have it all, but the poor person has the right to have what it takes to make money in the country and he does not have the right to have it all.
It is not good for the progress of business.

The inflation rate:
In his words, Uche Uwaleke gave the idea, 'As the minimum wage of the government is N305, if someone is in that debt, he can leave that wage, pay him another N365, get a job. But if you have one wage, you cannot afford to repay it.' In other words, if you have one wage, you cannot afford to pay it.
He plays a key role in producing goods and services in the country.
Uwaleke said that there was an increase in the number of foreign investors making their investments worthwhile.
The only thing they will do is to make money, not producing something.
He and contributed to the economic development of the country.
Utomi said that 'If people get loans from foreign investors to buy their children for schooling, it will make everyone want to buy his child for schooling, the schools in our country will be like that.
Saraki and Ekweremadu: Saraki and Ekweremadu:
Ekwer Ekwer
The peace of Nigeria is now in the hands of Ekweremadu
The senators are 109, if 108 persons are in Ekweremadu now, it means that they are all in his house.
The senate house of senate has decided today to shut down the security of the house of senate vice president, Ike Ekweremadu, where they attacked today.
Earlier Ekweremadu was prevented from appearing in court today, making it not possible to attend the plenary that took place today, where 14 senators who decamped APC met with PDP.
Uche Anichukwu, the spokesman of Ekweremadu, told the Igbo BBC that the EFCC blocked him from appearing in Abuja, that he is not the DSS as we write
The @MrBanksOmishore who is a special adviser to Bukola Saraki, posted a message on the EFCC's Twitter handle.
In that letter, the EFCC said that they wanted to probe Ekweremadu's case for breach of contract, breach of its obligations and misappropriation of funds called'money laundering'.
In Saraki's letter to the House and the Senate, he stated that Ekweremadu is gone, and also pledged to work hard so that his administration would not be derailed.
The Senate President said that he was with Ekweremadu, but there was no document showing that he was with the police.
The supplementary supplementary supplementary supplementary supplementary supplementary supplementary supplementary supplementary supplementary supplementary supplementary supplementary supplementary supplementary supplementary supplementary supplementary supplementary supplementary supplementary supplementary supplementary supplementary supplementary supplementary supplementary supplementary supplementary supplementary supplementary supplementary supplementary supplementary supplementary supplementary supplement
In these days, Saraki is among the arrested in his house.
In other hand, the Nigerian president Muhammadu Buhari thanked the so-called APC workers today for electing him.
He said this through his Twitter handle @MBuhari
The EFCC denied Ekweremadu's arrest in Abuja
The video shows what the EFCC thinks of Ekweremadu's house:
A lot of Catholic priests have died
The federal high court has ordered and sentenced Father John Adeyi to life imprisonment by treason.
The court has given a mandate to prosecute criminals
The high court in Makurdi, Benue State has decided to dismiss the two suspects, Hartuna Idi and Suleiman Gina who were allegedly injured by Fada John Adeyi during their stay.
Remember that four persons including Saidu Abdullahi and Aliyu Garba killed Father Adeyi, a Catholic priest in Otukpo Dayosis, Benue state, and tucked away his corpse in a bush near Otukpo in 2016.
The things I got from the kidnappers
The father of Mikel Obi has been released from prison
But when the police were able to arrest them, they stated that they got the church's share of the money worth N1.7m and they shot her when they heard that the villagers were coming to take her where they found her.
The one in them said that it is her husband who killed her, whereas the other two said that the day of their trial was Wenezde
In a message sent to the ministry to the Daily Post, they expressed gratitude and appreciation for the award given to them.
But they pleaded that the decision would not put them behind Adeyi, who is a professor.
Inspectors have
Saraki and Ekweremadu: Saraki and Ekweremadu:
The APC is asking for the re-election of the current governorship candidate-Okachamara
He has a feeling that the child is cursed.
The Igbo language speaks volumes in the olden days and is still relevant today.
In the olden days, Igbo believes that the elderly have the power to ascend the throne
The newborn in every family brings joy to the bride.
But there are some places in Igbo land where the newborn can dance.
The villagers are known as Igbuzo (Ibusa) in the Delta state, where children are treated like special people
He who is the leader?
The news stated that the child was kidnapped because his mother begged her to give him a baby.
I will commit the same thing when I grow up.
This is what the Igbos do in the olden days
They believe that the heart is the best thing that can ever be given to a child.
They call these children 'Ezenwa'.
They are confident that their heart is theirs.
According to them, the first born will be a child that will perform well in the world for his physicality is strong, and also that they will perform well in the military.
But many of the issues are bigger than that.
He does not know how to prepare your stomach adequately.
The news that will interest you
The majority of these people, however, believe that the little one will suffer greatly if he dies or at the end of his life.
He is an honest and open person.
A person who commits such a crime should be given a life imprisonment sentence or jail sentence.
The ceremony will also stop the child from contracting serious illness.
It is a shame that the mother of the child could have killed the little one.
Iced fish
The news stated that it is the kidnappers that kidnapped the baby
Ugbua stars on the show and millions of people around the world are celebrating
The child will be introduced, he is a talking child.
The family will tell him what he wants to be done with his breasts.
The only thing he wants in that day is for them to give him.

The Igbo land is where the words of the Christians are true.
The incident has made many Igbo cultures to change.
Ugbua many Igbo people are not convinced that the fear of kidnapping a child is real.
But they still hand over the child to the church and prayed for him.
The doctor Anthony Mgbolu told BBC Igbo that the first impression is the feeling that comes from the family.
This is what the Igbo culture teaches about fathers
The professor of African and international studies at the University of Lagos, Chiagozie Nnabuihe explained to BBC Igbo that Igbo land is sacred even in the olden days
The Nnabuihe said that it is true that the Igbos in the olden days believed that their father should give them a title.
In his words: In his speech: In his remarks: In his remarks: In his words: In his remarks: In his remarks: In his remarks: In his remarks: In his words: In his remarks: In his remarks: In his remarks: In his remarks: In his remarks: In his remarks: In his remarks: In his remarks: In his words: In his words: In his: In his In his In his In his In his In his In his In his In his In his In his In his In his In his In his In his In his In his In his In his In his In his In his In his In his In his In his In his In his In his In his In his In his In his In his In his In his In his In his In his In his In his In his In his In his In his In his In his In his In his
The Igbos are angry due to their relationship with Yoruba people.
But what is the meaning of this allegation?
Nnamdi Daniel
The majority of the people we talked to said that there was nothing wrong with breast feeding but in reality, many still see the babies as monsters.
Inspector-General of the Igbo BBC, Nnamdi Daniels, has responded to the Igbo BBC that he has responded to them concerning his health.
In his words: In his opening remarks: In his opening remarks: In his opening remarks: In his opening remarks: In his opening remarks: In his opening remarks: In his opening remarks: In his opening remarks: In his words: In his opening remarks: In his opening remarks: In his opening remarks: In his words: In his opening remarks: In his opening remarks: In his remarks: In his remarks: In his remarks: In his words: In his words: In his remarks: In his words: In his In his words: In his words: In his words: In his In his words: In his In his words, In his words: In his words, In his words, In his words: In his words, In his words he notes: In his words he notes: In his words he notes he notes: In his
The security guard started shouting questions I posed to him concerning my heart. This caused me great trouble.
The government has banned the vaccination of Codiene for two years
Iced fish has cost more than two hundred and forty-seven billion naira
The vaccination of Codiene
The youths in the olden days were divided
The federal government has said that they have discarded more than two thirds of the drug in Nigeria.
The minister of health, Prof Isaac Adewole said this when his commissioner on health preparedness and Codiene's case were examined.
He also said that this is to show that the government has shown their commitment to fighting against corruption in Nigeria
The use of Codeine:
Nafdac has dealt with Emzor and others
Adewole said that his department in charge of food and drug control called the National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control were part of the crackdown.
Remember in May this year, BBC produced a video showing the dangers of corruption in Nigeria.
He was on the watch list of the video when the government announced that they will stop the drug trafficking and drug abuse.
The government is saying that they are still investigating on those who are dead.
The news that will interest you
The Igbo people want to contest for presidency
The reason why Igbo people go to these churches?
The reason why Igbo people are arrested in search of gold
Igbo land is a blessed land for the Igbos but is it a curse for them to kill those they left in this land?
The soldiers
Igbo people are suffering differently
The reason why Igbo people call this abomination abomination?
The question remains, is there any future in Igbo land?
The question is, is this an abomination?
The professor of African and international studies at the University of Lagos Chiagozie Nnabuihe explained to BBC Igbo that Igbo land is a curse, not a blessing as many people call it now.
According to Igbo people, the fear of death is where they live in the land.
It is here where they seek for every person in the land.
In Igbo land, Chukwu's name is meaningless, but the meaning is land.
Nnabuihe explained that the Igbo land believed that the land is a creation of the world.
He has a feeling that the child is cursed.
I will commit the same thing when I grow up.
The land is cursed (the land is cursed)
Igbo believe in the land, see everything, this means that there is nothing you can do about it
The Igbo language is as old as the world
The land will be used for this disease.
The land forbids diseases

Iced fish
The Doctor (Dropsy)
Ibi
The Nnabuihe explained that at that point, he was not going to be able to afford the cost of the diseases we listed above.
The person with this disease should report the damage he caused before he dies.
It is if she does not apologise, they will put her in a cursed place.
This is what the Igbos do in the olden days
The things you don't know about the Igbo language
The next thing is to marry a married man or a single woman, or both, or both with amputation and diabetes that can make the land amputate.
The arrest of people is not a crime
As Nnabụihe explained, the expulsion of the person was for his family and house.
The Christianity is the most important thing in Igbo land
Igbo in the olden days believed that everyone who gives gifts to the land has given the land a gift.
The Igbo language is now very popular
The invasion of Mbaise in Imo state
The fire in Okija


Iced fish
Ig Ig Ig Ig Ig Ig Ig Ig Ig
Nnabuihe said that this is the worst thing that is going on in Igbo land
He said: He stated that 'There are various cultures in Igbo land that are dead because of the coming of the Holy Spirit in Igbo land, people have affected many forms of this disease, there is no doctor on this disease' He said that: He said that: He said that: He said that: He said that: He said that: He said that: He said that: He said that: He said that: He said that: He said that: He said that: He said that: He said that: He said that: He said that he said that: He said that he said that he said that: He said that He said that he said that he said that he said that he said that he said that he said that he said that he said that he said that he said: He said that he said that he said: He said that He said that He said that He said that He said that He said that He said
The news that will interest you
The woman was being followed on Twitter for what she said
The new sports moguls are taking to social media

It has been rumored that Musa may have joined Al Nasr group but has not been confirmed.
Ahmed
A group of people thought that he would join a football club called Ahmed Musa.
But now, Musa has faced serious disciplinary action in the African Cup of Nations defeated Leicester City by Al Nasr of Saudi Arabia.
I don't know how many of them got it from Leicester City but it's been rumored that it was worth millions of pounds.
Were women part of the Super Eagles team?
The Super Eagles are like new couples
World Cup 2018: World Cup 2018: World Cup 2018: what made Nigerians applaud Ahmed Musa
Leicester City bought him from CSKA Moscow in 2016 but he decamped to the club in 2017
Across the Iko Mbauwa, people thought that he would go to Galatasaray because the supporters of the club called him a big name.
The video in the air shows how a new member of his team treated him 'gentle' and placed him in their group.
As it is now, Ahmed Musa has not said anything concerning the issue.
The Babatunde Fashola said that Nigeria was in trouble due to electricity
Assuming that what Babatunde Fashola said about electricity is true, it will be a great honour to the Nigerian Left.
An interesting story
The Nigerian people are protesting for electricity
The Minister of Electricity, Babatunde Fashola said that the cost of electricity in Nigeria has increased by 50 per cent.
Fashola said this in Lagos, the capital of the Kros Riva state.
The electricity will not be good till 2023 - Electricity workers
The PHCN should give you three months notice before turning off the light-Lawyer
Fashola is in Lagos where the executives in his department are meeting.
He said that despite the nature of the job, his department has reversed the situation of electricity in Nigeria as it was when they started in 2015.
Fashola told the three alabames that made him happy in Buhari government
The last four years, the production of electricity has been a major challenge to Nigerians.
The fire service workers are saying that they do not have anything to show Nigerians
The day after, we sold '2,690 megawatt' to Nigerians, but the story has changed.
The current capacity is 5,222 megawat, which is the highest since Nigeria entered the market.
Ugbua, the total capacity is 7000, and the capacity is 7000.
The problem remains the same, but we will say that we are moving forward.
The news that will interest you
'Get your child to be educated' '
The Igbos live in Kano
The kidnappers have been found in Port Harcourt
The right way to feed your children during the dry season
But to avoid wasting time and money, see some of the things that you and your children can do during this period.
The students and Oprah Winfrey
The next time it has happened is when the students have the most beautiful days because it is timely.
The parents have been advised on how best to take care of their children in the school called 'Summer Lesson' but it is not for all children to attend this school.
It is unfortunate that you are not among those who will call their children 'Summer Lesson', see what you have done for them.
The women want the government to pay them tax
The kidnappers have kidnapped up to 12 children from Thailand
Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari
They don't know how to recite
Igwu mmmiri is a place where you can go for burial and learn to be your own burial.
He would also encourage them to practice good hygiene so that they can maintain good hygiene and avoid contamination.
Gbalia called them today.
Their resolve reached and the roads were cleared.
They know how to prepare kolanut
In Igbo!
He has more than one tune?
The world!
We are going to buy his children.
Eeeeee
They asked them about the olden days.
Were you first to commit suicide in Igbo land?
Were you the first man to leave his legacy?
What do you think about this and how it affects your children?
The only way you can do this is to invite them to Igbo music hall.
Aka-Our
He advised them to go where they will find employment.
Their aim will be to learn skills that can be handed over to them in the future if they do not have the skills in the university.
A group of soldiers
In truth, if you are a well-known artist, the golden age of this phenomenon is when you canvass them with paintbrush or paintbrush in a circus.
Their aim is to make them comfortable, knowledgeable and well-informed about Igbo culture and tradition.
The news that will interest you
'Get your child to be educated' '
The reason why Igbo people flee from persecution
The woman laid hands on her husband, while the other laid hands on Tramadol.
The experts have said that it is heavy rain that causes many things to be done in Nigeria

The police commissioner in Lagos state, Edgal Imohimi said that they have reduced the violence against gay people in Ikorodu
The police arrested a woman who sold herself to make of her 15 million naira in Ogun state.
The police also arrested a suspected notorious armed robbery suspect and charged him with treasonable felony.
But experts in human psychology say that such cases are very rare.
Inspector-General of Mikel Obi has been sacked
Femi Joseph and his gang invaded a medical facility to seek forgiveness for her husband but unfortunately, Joseph was not given the drug that was obtained from the hospital.
He also explained that when they entered the office of the drug dealer, the drug dealer immediately fled and went to the next floor.
The words of the police in Ondo State are true, but as they don't have what they need, one of them started shouting for help.
Awaiting 24 hours for his release.
He was handcuffed by Tramadọl.
In the other hand, a woman named Hadijat Kabir and two others, including one man and a woman, confessed to having never been to a prostitute market.
The commissioner of police in the state, Imohimi Edgal, said it was her complaint that she was arrested that her husband and children were involved in the incident.
The professor of human rights and Nnachi Amos of the Ebonyi State University, Nnachi Amos said, 'It is not only insult but sad as well.
The most common issue is the fear of ridicule.
The staff of the Federal Neuro-Pychiatric Hospital in Yaba, Lagos Chinyere Okonkwo agreed with Amos' statement.
The thieves attacked them.
The reality is that the job is not easy.
The rest is history.
The news that will interest you

Nwoke and a woman can be friends?
The things you don't know about the Igbo language
The drug dealer has died as early as morning.
The Ondo state police has said that a suspected notorious armed robber has died.
Inspector-General
The BBC interviewed the person who said that he was the first to pay taxes.
The spokesman of the Ondo police Femi Joseph has told journalists that the suspect has died according to the news agency.
The suspect was on the run since the police detained him on August 5 while receiving treatment.
The commissioner said that the corpse had been taken to the hospital in the state where the soldiers are trying to rearrest her.
The patient should be transported to the hospital-Dibia
The judge has discarded his petition
The main thing that keeps their fans captive?
In his words, 'This person is being investigated as the day we arrested him went away.
We thought we would pay her a ransome to help us with the investigation we are doing, but she died.
The problem lies in the level of its effectiveness.
We use this opportunity to urge mothers and fathers to be aware of their uncles and step-fathers.
The police said that the person went to take a drug dealer but the person died.
He and his team later arrested one Daudu Wale's mistress, where he went to get treatment for one of their mistresses.
The news that will interest you
What do you think of Nnamdi Kanu's speech if you join him in the process?
A newborn has been kidnapped in Onitsha today
Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari
The five positions you can use to get N10,000
The statement he made attracted the attention of several stakeholders in Nigeria and the Federal Government.
The news that will interest you is the story of a woman called Mama Boko Haram.
Aisha Wakil told BBC Igbo how she kidnapped the children of the Boko Haram group
The news that the Nigerian Catholic Church celebrated three hundred and forty years of marriage, has made the Igbo and the Nigerian people angry.
Abaribe's statement concerning the priests was made in 2018
The Igbo world cup has attracted the attention of the world
The World Cup: Ezi 'naahụụụụụụụụụụụụụụụụụụụụụụụụụụụụụụụụụụụụụụụụụụụụụụụụụụụụụụụ
The second part is the story of the kidnap of one of the Ipob girls who lives in Owere.
The women are in court today.
The women do not comply with any law - Ipob
Attorney-General of IPOB has decamped
Mmiri led the protest in Igbo land in 2018
The news that made them angry was about IVF.
The five girls from Regina Pacis school in Onitsha represented the Igbo when they took the trophy in the 2018 Technovation competition.
The news that will interest you
Eke dance will begin in January 1 - Nigerian soldiers
The things that Shagari created for Nigerians
The way you can prevent attacks and misconduct

Igbo Tradition: Igbo Tradition: Igbo tradition: Igbo dress
The same way people are asking the cause of the female genital mutilation in some parts of Igbo land, this article explains it.
A man and a woman fight
Igbo does not welcome male and female
In recent times, there has been a lot of talk about the youths whether they want to marry or not, and they agreed to marry as a couple, but they have not marred as they should.
A common occurrence is when certain things happen simultaneously in the same environment, especially a woman staying in the same man's house without having any actual marriage ceremony.
The dress of Igbo woman
The five things that interest women
The minimum wage will stop in Igbo land?
As it is, this brings together different families in crisis.
In view of this situation, some Igbo towns, made it mandatory for a man to marry his wife and live together, which he did not do when he was young.
What happened to a woman in the morgue
In Igbo land, it is not true that a man has married a woman, or that he has not fulfilled his duties.
He is well known in the court, so that he will be able to do what the parents want.
According to a spokesman whose address was Nze Olueze Ukaejuoha (Duruagwu of two) in Umuakara, Isu in Nwangele of Imo state told BBC Igbo, the law was a good one to embark on in their communities, as there are differences among them.
He is not dead, he is alive, is a common pattern in many cultures.
But in the town of Akokwa as well as in Imo state, the scheme is not feasible, as the mother of the child will be transporting the corpse to their house.
A woman's dress is made of leather
The person will come and tell my children that their child has died (it will not be their way of telling them that he has died).
They will 'drop' the baby, when they see it, they will accuse the man they accused of murdering their child, which will make him curse and punish him
The gospel is that if she does not kill herself she will give birth to the baby
It will be her husband
He will be the first to tell my children that his wife has died
The man will continue to fight for his sanity.
The next thing that will happen to a woman who wants to marry
The experts have explained, what these are the things that will make a man who wants to marry a woman who has never marred a woman
The person will get different benefits in different ways.
The same thing is happening to the person
He is no longer a member of this group.
The person could die of cardiac arrest.
But the person can adjust, if all the necessary precautions are taken.
What the person will do if he is arrested
He was on the alert and immediately fled to the scene because of the injuries he sustained, the following things he would have to do: He would have to do: He was on the alert and immediately fled to the scene because of the injuries he sustained.
The person will also enjoin the residents of their community to come and help make the country better
The opportunity will be given to him by ensuring that he fulfills his obligations within two weeks.
The 2019 elections: Nigeria 2019 elections: Nigerians who contested for president- Muhammadu Buhari
The Nigerian president Muhammadu Buhari is still contesting for his second term in the presidential contest under the party.
President
The president Muhammadu Buhari is campaigning for three years to become the third Nigerian president.
He was inaugurated in December 1983 (1984) by the Nigerian Revolutionary Party, but some of his opponents pushed Buhari back in 1985.
The BBC is still going strong
Buhari later became the president through his political career as well as his philanthropy in 2015, making his third mandate in four years.
The way it is being treated as a charlatan, Buhari has no idea how to protect a person's right.
The despite being in the ruling capitalist class, many people are still in trouble for Buhari's inability to release them as court has ruled.
The 76-year-old man was born in 2015, and promised to fight against corruption and racism, and also improve Nigeria's economy.
The fourth year is coming to an end but many people do not know why it happened.
The fear is that it will emerge Boko Haram that wants to divide Nigeria into two regions that want to separate Nigeria from the Eastern Nigeria, but in recent times, the militants have been trying to keep Buhari's position in the President's equation from them attacking the frontier region.
Atiku Abubakar's supporters are divided on whether Buhari will succeed or not in the party's ruling capitalist class — the PDP chairman, Atiku Abubakar is a well known and respected Nigerian man like Buhari.
He was a member of the All Progressives Congress (APC) as well as a political adviser in Nigeria, despite the fact that many people see his vows as a costly public asset.
The news that will interest you
It is small compared to 'Egwu Eke II' loo Nnamdi Kanu - Buratai
This is not enough for me in the 2019 election - Atiku
The winners of the election and their opponents
The six most prominent persons in the 2019 presidential contest
The BBC will fight them in death
The contestants for the presidency
The six people who are contesting for president who are the most popular among them and their vices:
The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) published a report showing that more than 70 million people are registered for the 2019 general election.
The support for the election in Onitsha has collapsed
But I am not like Tinubu to tell people who will vote for me.
The Peter Obi will not give you money but it will support your every project.
In the six persons and their assistants, there are three women in each of them; one is contesting for president while the other is vice.
1) Muhammad
The Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari

He was born on 14th December, 1942
He has ruled Nigeria for two years; as a military and as a civil servant.
He served three-term presidential terms (2003, 2007 and 2011) before he was re-elected in 2015
In the same vein as the president, he is also the Minister of Mines and Steel.
Who is Yemi Osinbajo?
He was born on the 8th of March, 1957.
He is a priest in Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG)
He became the vice president of Buhari in 2015
He is also a lawyer
2) A
Atiku and Obi contesting for the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the 2019 election.
Atiku Abubakar?
He was born on 29th November, 1946
He was the vice president from 1999 to 2007.
He has contested for the presidency twice; in 2007 under AC and in 2018 under PDP.
He is a wealthy man who has many business interests.

He was born on the 24th of July, 1961
He won Anambra state governorship election under APGA in 2003 but he remained in office until March 2006 when he won in court, but was disqualified in November 2006.
He started playing for him in 2007, and was defeated on May 5 when Andy Uba won him, but the case was dismissed after four years.
He was inaugurated as Anambra governor in 2014 after two years in office.
He is a wealthy man in financial matters.
3) Ezek
He is also the leader of the Allied Congress Party of Nigeria (ACPN)
Oby Ezekwesili?
He was born on the 29th of April 1963
He is the Minister of Education from 2005 to 2006 and also the Head of State from 2006 to 2007
He is part of the 'Bring Back Our Girls (BBOG)' group that kidnapped Chibok children since 2014
He won, she will become the first woman to become president in Nigeria
He is Ganiyu Galadima?
He was born on 30th of June 1964
He studied in Kwara State University where he later became one of the faculty members of the faculty.
He was the former chairman of the ACPN in 2015
He is a lawyer
4) Kings Kings
The Moghalu and Getso are contesting under the party of Young Progressive Party (YPP)
Kingsley Moghalu
He was born on May 16, 1963
This is the first time he is contesting for the Nigerian parliament
He studied and earned certificates as a law student in university.
He is also a wealthy man in financial matters.
He served as directing officer of Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) in the country.
The name is Getso?
He was born in 1981
He is the deputy leader of the party YPP
He is a wealthy man, and a progressive in the field of female rights.
5) O
Sowore and Rufai play for African Action Congress (AAC)
The name of Omoyele Sowore
He was born on 29th February 1971
He is a lawyer and a lawyer.
He started playing when he was in university
He hired Sahara Reporters
He hiberes AAC from August 2018
Rabiu Ahmed
He was born on the 24th of July 1976
He is a Belgian and a medical doctor.
He commenced his studies at Bayero University in Kano
6) Fela
But Durotoye and Abdullahi-Iya are contesting under the party Alliance for New Nigeria (ANN)
Fela Durotoye
He was born on May 16, 1971
He went to the Obafemi Awolowo University in Ile-Ife
He is a lawyer, a financial adviser, and a human rights activist.
He is contesting for the presidency under the party Alliance for New Nigeria (ANN)
The name of Khadijah Abdullahi-Iya
He is a member of the Women Community of Africa (WCA) and a member of 'Rags to Riches (R2R)'
He is also a lawyer
The name of the person you would like?
Imo Election Results: Imo Election Results: Imo Election Commissioner Uche Nwosu Says
Naanị Uche Nwosu came for the BBC interview on the governorship election in Owere Imo State.
Igbo refused to listen to Owere when BBC Igbo made the announcement of the governorship election in Imo state but it was what attracted the Imo people that no one in the group promised the Igbo BBC that they would listen to the announcement.
The Imo state APC spokesman has decamped to Uche Nwosu
Imo APC Primaries: Imo APC Primaries candidate has been chosen by Uche Nwosu as the governor of Imo
Along with the Imo people are Emeka the PDP chairman, Hope Uzodimma of APC and Ifeanyi Ararume of APGA.
The Igbo BBC correspondent Adline Okere said that he is the son of Ararume who told him that he might not go abroad because he is starting his campaign.
The event started with a two-minute burial ceremony.
In the letter addressed to him, Uche Nwosu pleaded that he would pay N30 million as a minimum wage if the Federal Government grants him bail.
Nwosu went on to say that his party has no representative in the President's house so he can only speak on behalf of President Muhammau Buhari.
The other thing he said was; 'There is no reason why my'manifesto' is not going to succeed.
It follows the words of Uche Nwosu
Uche Nwosu from APC has appealed to AA to contest for governorship election in Owere Imo state
Nwosu stated what it will bring to the Imo state if he takes over the leadership position in the 2019 election.
Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari'''' Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari'Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari'Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari'Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari
It is not true that Action Alliance is not supporting Uche Nwosu - Obidiche
Ngwa, see what it means in terms of food and drink: Ngwa, see what it means in terms of spices and meat
The only way I can learn English is through prayer.
He would like to make healthcare a priority for women, especially those with diabetes.
A must be done for the youths to advance.
Agreed. I am aware of the need to focus on politics.
A must have been done by the people of Imo state.
The bill will pay N30 million to the tune of N30 million and the federal government will announce it.
He will be interested in the details of the minimum wage.
The news that will interest you
Ihedioha and Ararume are not Igbo BBC correspondents
Atiku leaves America he has a question he will answer us-Lai Mohammed
The Nigerian people are talking about Atiku's travel to America
Atiku: Abuja flooded like Atiku landed in America
The news about Atiku Abubakar's appointment, the Guinness World Records Records, President Buhari's Economic and Financial Times, Onnoghen, a story about Mexico and others.
Iko is important
The PDP and Atiku Abubakar's supporters gathered at the Nnamdi Azikiwe airport in Abuja to apologise to Abubakar, who went to America.
Atiku and the Nigerian senate president Bukola Saraki met on the two-day visit to the country where, as Atiku has explained, the government and the banks had a meeting.
Atiku will join in the presidential campaign that will be held on Saturday in Abuja.
The fire burnt in the Guinness company
The fire burnt the office of Guinness in Osisioma Industrial Layout, Aba, Abia state on Friday.
The fire, which burnt down six buildings, and other buildings in the immediate area, attracted the attention of the police and residents of the community.
The spokesman of Guiness, Nike Onakoya told the Igbo BBC that the fire has not burnt the person that it has done much damage
He also said that their products were imported from Benin and Ogba, Lagos Breweries.
He did not suffer any harm or lose anything by doing what is known as Aba chamber of commerce or employing few people.
We have done what we are supposed to do in Benini and Ogba.
It is true that Onnoghen was wanted.
Femi Adesina is a well known journalist before becoming an assistant to the president.
The office of the president has said that the news that the government wants to prosecute the Nigerian judge, Justice Onnoghen is fake news
The spokesman of Muhammadu Buhari's spokesman Femi Adesina stated on his Facebook page that the rumours of the coup led to the creation of a party called the Coalition of United Political Parties (CUPP).
Donald Trump: Donald Trump Donald Trump Donald Trump: Donald Trump: Donald Trump: Donald Trump: Donald Trump: Donald Trump: Donald Trump: Donald Trump: Donald Trump: Donald Trump: Donald Trump: Donald Trump: Donald Trump: Donald Trump: Donald Trump: Donald Trump: Donald Trump: Donald Trump: Donald Trump: Donald Trump: Donald Trump: Donald Trump: Donald Trump Donald Trump Donald Trump Donald Trump: Donald Trump Donald Trump Donald Trump Donald Trump Donald Trump Donald Trump: Donald Trump Donald Trump Donald Trump Donald Trump Donald Trump Donald Trump Donald Trump Donald Trump Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald
The US government shut down last week because the senate didn't approve their budget
The American president, Donald Trump has said that there is progress being made in the reconstruction of the North Korean embassy.
He said it was different from what the elders are saying that he has not yet reached the destination where he is going.

In sports
The Crystal Palace side scored three goals in Asompi premier league they played on Saturday.
The government will pay their taxes on mp3
The president Muhammadu Buhari has said that his government will put a stop to the criminal activities of the ruling class in the country.
I said this in Kaduna as a way of collecting votes.
He said that the reason was because he didn't want to do what he said that happened in 1985, which was to liberate the poor.
Inspector-General of Nigeria has travelled to Onnoghen
The news reaching us stated that the Federal Government has violated the Code of Conduct to dismiss Walter Onnoghen's case as Nigerian Supreme Court Judge and the National Judicial Council chairman.
Inspector-General of the CCT, Justice Abubakar Malami
In Overseas
The lives of two people have died in Mexico as the fire destroys vehicles
He was among the victims of the incident in Hidalgo state, Mexico
In sports
Ahead of Lobi Stars and Heartland FC
Lobi Stars of Nigeria will defeate Asec Mimosas of Ivory Coast today at home in Abidjan with two goals against one in the CAF Champions League.
The Lobi players scored two goals against Mamolodi Sundowns in Enugu
Listen to these morning episodes here
See today's video
Obasanjo: Obasanjo: Obasanjo: Obasanjo: Obasanjo: Obasanjo: Obasanjo: Obasanjo: Obasanjo: Obasanjo: Obasanjo: Obasanjo: Obasanjo: Obasanjo: Obasanjo: Obasanjo:
The Nigerian soldier, Olusegun Obasanjo has spoken many things about the situation of Nigeria now and what he wants the Nigerian people to know about him.

Olusegun Obasanjo has said that he does not know that Inec will hold election again in the coming months.
It is unfortunate that they want to hold such an election, the current leadership will not allow them the opportunity.
Inspector Obasanjo has been arrested
The government has joined in 2019 - Obasanjo
Obasanjo said this while addressing the editors of his book titled 'Points for concern and action' in Abeokuta.
He said that what Nigeria needs now is a president who can balance and balance the country.
Obasanjo said that Nigerians too little know what Buhari has done for them since he was in office.
In his words, 'If the hunger strikes us first, we will fight and we promise not to let it derail us.' In his words, 'If the hunger strikes us first, we will fight and we promise not to let it derail us.
The Buhari administration was led by a military serving in Nigeria called Sanni Abacha when he became the president.
The news that will interest you
The baby has died because money is not enough for him
Were you familiar with the Igbo language?
It is known as the 91st party in Nigeria
#Ni
Atiku leaves America he has a question he will answer us-Lai Mohammed
Olu Olu Olu Olu Olu Olu Olu Olu Olu
Obasanjo told BBC that he had checked Buhari's actions and that Atiku is still in good shape.
In a conversation with BBC Yoruba, former Nigerian president, Olusegun Obasanjo, said that the winner of the 2019 presidential election is Atiku Abubakar.
He said that he was afraid that Atiku would turn to Buhari because of what Buhari has done.
The new ones are the APC and PDP.
In my response to Buhari's comments- unsolicited and misleading, insults, intimidation, non-commitment to dialogue, non-commitment to dialogue, non-commitment to dialogue and non-commitment to Atiku's allegations.
Atiku will fight two more than Buhari
He also spoke for the Boko Haram and the Independence National Electoral Commission (INEC).
Obasanjo explained that he believed in President Muhammadu Buhari and Atiku, what made him popular among the youths who contested for the presidency.
He also stated that before the coup in Odi, 1999, there were about 2500 people killed by the coup.
The meeting will hold on the 22nd of January 2019.
The day before, people were advised not to take drugs because they do not have the money to go to the hospital.
In a statement by Oriuiakhi, 'it is certain that some of these actions are part of deliberate efforts to overcome some of the challenges faced by many people.
The four things you do not about diabetes
He said that some of the patients go to Kemist, where the drugs are not authorised by the doctors.
The reason will be that when they want to give it a drug, it will not be effective on them.
He also said that the project is part of healthcare.
The cause of this disease should be ascertained.
The government needs to empower more people in the fight against drug abuse.
The only time doctors have given these drugs is when they are supposed to give it.

The doctors who take preventive drugs do not know her husband's whereabout or her father's whereabout.
He also promised to complete 'Culture and Sensitivity' research before administering any vaccination.
The person did not go to the hospital to test his blood pressure.
The healthcare workers should be educated on the need to know how to use these drugs.
The news that will interest you
The money for Imo state is not enough
The removal of Nigerian headquarters and what it implies
The way will it work and when will it stop?
The Flying Eagles have defeated Ukraine
The Nigerian youths attacked Tijani Mohammed like Nigerians were attacked in their match against Ukraine on Thursday
Adem
The Flying Eagles played good football in their match against Ukraine
The Nigerian and Ukraine team scored one goal in the match between Nigeria and Ukraine on Thursday.
But Nigerian fans are not happy as the Flying Eagles have defeated the band in the match as they were defeated in the past.
The Nigerian people are angry that the words of Tijani Mohammed of Flying Eagle are false as Nigeria is defending itself in the competition
Tijani scored a penalty, and Ukraine's goalkeeper was remembered for a few minutes before the end of the match.
This happened as Danylo Sikan of Ukraine scored their first goal.
It was Tijani who scored another goal in the 47th minute of the match.
A lot of Nigerians expressed their joy in Tijani.
The news that will interest you:
@10Qmedia said that Tijani Muhammed is the best player among Nigerian footballers
The @vic_MLS feud with Tijani has ended the feud.
@rappatek said that the coach of Flying Eagles would release Tijani at some point
@SSnetwork said that they are not interested in football.
This is to stop the Igbos from killing the world that has killed the Igbos
The Igbo boy who grew up in America explained how he got to know some things in Igbo land.
The Igbo singer, Jane Ada, who is well known in the ring, said that it is through singing that he learnt a few things about Igbo.
The Enugu State Commissioner for Environment before he went to work in America said that he did not know when he started but that God gave him the right kind of food.
The armed robbery suspects includes Amadioha and Ala, two armed robbery suspects in Igbo land
The Gee wondered how he did that and his motives concerning Igbo culture.
Chioma Nkemdilim and Nnamdi Agbanelo
Super Falcons continue to dominate Super Eagles' football field
The women soccer coaches have explained some of the challenges soccer women face in Nigeria
In sports, women have said that the Super Falcons of Nigeria are better than their male counterparts
They said that despite the fact that men are not sexually harrased in Nigerian society and also in Africa
They went on to say that the government is not interested in the money in women's soccer as they do not know that the males are more popular than the females.
The events were not accidental as there was no report on the number of female contestants in Nigeria.
Nigeria vs Norway: Nigeria has defeated France today
The Super Falcons have defeated France in the Women's World Cup.
Norway and Naíjiría in solidarity with France
The Nigerian team has scored three goals against France today
The Nigerian women fled to Norway as a man while the Nigerian women fled as a woman when they were introduced to urine and faeces.
France France France France France France France France France
The reason why women's businesses are not profitable?
The first goal scored by Reiten was 17th minuite (17') while the second scored at 34th minuite (34') from Utland
The Nigerian goal was scored by Ohale who scored the third goal for Nigeria in 37th minuite
The action was initiated by the Nigerian Correctional Service through Francisca Ordega and Desire Oparanozie, aged 13 years.
Norway defeated Nigeria with three goals to one in the last qualifying match of the world cup.
The day on Saturday was when the world's first female born in France was born in Nigeria and 24 other countries joined in it
The Nigerians were in the first stage of the competition in Auguste Delaune stadium in France.
The Nigerian and South Korea will meet on Wednesday at the 2nd edition of the Rhône Festival, Grenoble.
Spain scored three goals against South Africa
The news that will interest you
The supreme court in Abuja has started another AIT
AIT has AIT,
The reason why women's businesses are not profitable?

The Nigerian Falcons have scored two goals against South Korea
Ashaola of Nigeria
The current French team has fired up now as the Nigerian Falcons have fired up.
The first goal of Nigeria came from South Korea when Kim Do-yeon defeated them in 29th minuite
The incident was triggered by an outcry from VAR before the referee.
Assat Oshoala showed the Sawuth Koria in Nigerian not playing for children in the 75th minute.

He scored one goal for Nigeria in the match.
In the rematch, Nigeria won the second round as Norway defeated them in their first match.

The president of Liberia, George Weah visited President Muhammadu Buhari on Thursday in Abuja.

We
The president of Liberia, George Weah visited President Muhammadu Buhari on Thursday in Abuja.
According to a Twitter user, the two countries had discussions on the relationship between the two countries as it pertains to security and economy.
Chiji Collins has been elected the Imo state governorship candidate.
The new Imo state legislature has elected Mr. Chiji Collins as their spokesman.
The first born, is the representative of Isiala Mbano of the state.
It has been approved and no one is yet aware of it.
This is the second time he is in the house of senate as he was inaugurated in 2015.
Uloomeiwu also named Okechukwu Onyekanma, who represents the Mbaitoli of the state as his Deputy.
The minister has arrested the kidnapper of the child in Ekiti
The Ilasa Ekiti community in Ekiti state is in crisis now due to the death of a Catholic priest because he refused to marry him.
The deceased, who was not identified, took the girl to a nearby river and threw her to the floor on Tuesday.
The man has killed his wife and his family for calling her friend

Inspector-General Ajayi Omolagba said that the commissioner was first to seek forgiveness from his family according to Fulani's law.
But the management of the facility refused to accept the bride's son, which led to the killing of the motor boy.
The Ekiti state police said that the incident occurred, that they have arrested the man through a search warrant.
The fire burnt shop in Port Harcourt
The River state government has confirmed that it is a fire burnt in Port Harcourt Shopping Mall.
The state's State Commissioner for Environment, Tammy Danagogo, told the newsmen that they will make it a market place for people to start trading today

Inmates have killed many people in Benue and other parts of Nigeria
The news reaching us says one of the candidates has been selected by Garin Labo in Kastina state.
The priest was in his house when the priests came to pray.
In Overseas
It has been rumored that the Mexican president, Andres Obrador has said that he will take the country back from the Cold War.
The president said that he would continue to work with the public to ensure that his promises were fulfilled for the American people to return home.
In sports, Enyimba FC got what is known as the 'best football league' in Africa in 2003
In sports, Enyimba has lifted the trophy of Nigeria Premier league with seven goals against Akwa United
Enyimba scored nine goals in five matches, while Reuben Bala, Stanley Dimgba and Abdulrahman Bashir scored Enyimba a goal.
The news that interest you here:
The police has arrested kidnappers in Imo state
The Imo state police said that Immaculata Edward kidnapped and sold 5 children from a family in Ngọr Akpala, the state.
The parents are still holding the children
The 'Operation Puff Adder' team of the Imo State Police has arrested the officers whose primary duty is kidnapping children.
In the 24th of April, 2019, a woman named Immaculata Edward said she was 31 years old from Okondo village in Cros Riva State and was given a five-year-old boy named Ifara Isong by Ngor Okpala in Imo State.
The NAPTIP has arrested the parents of kidnappers
The Nigerian police has arrested kidnappers of children
The Immaculata gave five children to her boyfriend who was kidnapped by his parents.
The children of the parents include; Somto Eke, a six-year-old girl, Kelechi Ekeh, a five-year-old boy.
The others are Chisom Ekeh, aged 3 years, Ebuka Enwerem, aged 5 years and Chioma Enwerem, aged 5 years and Lucky Ida, aged 6 years.
The children entered their families
The Immaculata brought them to the aid of a well known child abuser, Perpetual Iwuji from Obokwu Ulakwo, Imo State.
The Perpetual called two children among the kidnappers to belong to Grace Nwachukwu from Aboh Mbaise and one from Abuja.
Immaculata also welcomed two children whose parents came from Cross River State and sold them to Ifeoma Ndubuisi from Lokpanta Abia State.
The child was introduced to mother and father.
The investigation by the police has found that the children were kidnapped and sold to their families.
In the investigation, the five children were identified by Perpetual Iwuji and taken to the school where they were educated.
The suspects include Perpetual Iwuji, Isong Ifara, Immaculata Edward, Grace Nwachukwu, Ifeoma Ndubuisi and Stephen Ezenwa.
The kidnap of children is not new in the Eastern part of Nigeria
The news that will interest you
The Igbo people are not happy-Okorocha
The woman who married was not blessed with breasts.
Rochas Okorocha has commenced his ministry as Nigerian President

He will contest for the African cup of nations which will be held on the 21st of June in Ijipt

Inec Server: Inec Server: Inec Server: Inec Server: Inec Server: Inec Server: Inec Server: Inec Server: Inec Server: Inec Server: Inec Server: Inec Server: Inec Server: Inec Server: Inec Server: Inec Server: Inec Server: Inec Server: Inec Server: Inec Server: Inec Server: Inec Server: Inec Server: Inec Server: Inec Server: Inec Server: Inec Server: Inec Server: Inec Server: Inec Server: Inec Server: Inec Server: Inec Server: Inec Server: Inec Server: Inec Server: Inec Server: Inec Server: Inec Server We have Inec We have Inec Inec Server: Inec Server: Inec Server We have Inec Server We have Inec Inec Server We have Inec Server We have Inec
Inec said that all names recorded in the 2019 election were on their own.

The Inec coordinator, Festus Okoye, is saying that the agency has no 'Server' which will give them the opportunity to prepare the 2019 election.
The Nigerian law forbids them from engaging in the group.
The judgement of Garba has dropped Atiku and Buhari's case
The court has said that the 2019 budget will be financed by the court.
In his words, 'The Nigerian Constitution gives the right to cancel all elections that are in violation of the provisions of the EC8A.
The Nigerian Electoral Law we enforce is not about holding a closed-door election.
The Collation Officers as it is their duty to remove these books from circulation.
He did not have time to prepare the zip code for the election.
Okoye assured that those who took their names in the 2019 election papers were on ground, and informed all the relevant parties.
The Incident Form will stop the violence going on in the election
He said that 'it is only after the election that the votes will be processed' He added that 'it is only after the election that the votes will be processed' He said that 'it is only after the election that the votes will be processed' He said that 'it is only after the election that the votes will be processed' he said.
He said that he did not know about your 2019 tax return.
In the same way that BBC interviewed a reputable professor Emeka Unachukwu, what is'server'?
Inspector Unachukwu said, 'The Server is a distributed system used to process different types of data'.
He said that Inec may have said that they do not have a server because he has other offices where they can be reached but it is not true that they do not have a server where they can be reached.
He said that Intanet had its own'server' where people are registering their information.
Onechukwu said that 'Inec will not believe that they are innocent because they have their own place in the data base.
They could call this 'data base' but what it is is savage because the results of the competition have attracted other stakeholders who can be reached via e-mail or phone.
He said that the Inec's failure is because they have no server' he said.
They are calling on people to buy PVC for the election.
The Unachukwu said that if the ballot results were accepted, that Inec would register him as a'server'.
But they can say that they have not produced the 2019 edition of their'server' which shows they have not completed their jobs.
The news that will interest you
The best way to prevent HIV positive pregnancy
The Igbos have been persecuted in Nigeria
The payment of two months leave is not enough - Abia State University Lecturers

The World Blood Donor Day 2019: World Diabetes Day: World Diabetes Day: World Diabetes Day:
As today is the time of giving kolanut, the Igbo BBC asked people what they do for kolanut.
Today is the World Blood Donor Day 2019
BBC Igbo asked people what they do about giving kolanut and other things people are saying about it
Allow them to rest.
The benefits of eating chocolate and cassava for diabetic
In this article, you will learn how to prepare delicious food that will keep you hungry and satisfied.
The inclusion of pepper and other spices in the diet has been disqualified.
The consumption of certain foods can cause you unnecessary headaches in the body.
The following foods can help you cope with stress
The World Health Organization (WHO) says up to 50 million people around the world are affected by this deadly disease which is linked to high blood pressure and diabetes, adding that up to 50 million people around the world are affected by this disease.
In addition to the fact that it has been determined that the winner will participate in the wedding planning, but there are no experts on the matter.
The red wine, Khafị, and the chapelt and champagne have emerged as food for discussion.
But, is there any truth in these statements?
Sheila Dillon was the BBC's spokesperson when she interviewed the experts on the matter.
According to you, these foods are very good for your body
The food comes from
Ezigbote protein, is low in fat and also known as'mega fatty acids'.
The consumption of food contaminated with urine, faeces, saliva or blood of infected rats.
The use of the word 'vine' and the use of other words
The use of vine leaves in wedding dresses is unprofessional
The inclusion of Strawberries and blueberries in the list is a precursor to the inevitability of racism.
The differences are enormous.
The various measures are geared toward ensuring good health and well-being for all.
The 30mg daily diet contains: fish, yam, yam, cocoyam, palm kernel, palm kernel and palm oil and dried fish, meat, potatoes and fish and meat, meat, potatoes and fish, meat, potatoes and fish, potatoes and fish, meat and fish, potatoes and fish, potatoes and fish and vegetables and fish should be kept to a minimum.
The number of lives
The blood pressure increases and diabetes increases
He said that with the increase in the number of wedding dresses, the person understands what he is saying.

The B:
The inclusion of more pronouns in the pronouns gives a sense of urgency to the pronouns.
I am baffled by the size of the container?
We are grateful to the people of Olmec-Mexico for showing the world the wonder of water.
It is good for communication and also good for hygiene.
But remember to drink lots of water and avoid contamination with urine.

I can get Ubebekee from all over the world
The reason why the English language is so popular in the world is because it encourages creativity.
Ugbua odoola?
The foods you don't get and you have to buy other things you don't need in your life.
But remember, these foods are not only for your convenience, they are also meant for you to enjoy!
The article is a remix of Diet and Dementia, published by the BBC's The Food Programme.
Mikel
The Super Eagles coach has declared that it is their goal to qualify for the 2019 Iko AFCON.
Mikel
The Chairman of the Nigeria Football Federation - Mikel Obi
The Nigerian Super Eagles team will travel to Ijipt for the 2019 African nations cup qualifying match.
The sixteenth year of Mikel Obi met the African cup of nations.
The time was when Nigeria won in South Africa.
Mikel

The father of Mikel Obi has been released from prison
The last time Mikel scored goals in Africa was in 2006 and 2010 when the Super Eagles defeated the third team
In the AFCON this year, Mikel will represent the youths in the cup of nations in Ijipt
'While the Eagles team is yet to qualify for the African Cup of Nations, this competition will give players like Samuel (chukwueze) and Paul (Onuachu) a chance to qualify.
He assured me that we would soon be caught and released.
Super Super Super Super Super Super Super Super
He also stated how the Super Eagles played poorly despite their defeat in the Iko Mba Uwa match.
The coach promised that the match would be a good one and he believes that the support from the Super Eagles will help them to qualify for the competition.
Remember that Mikel Obi became Nigeria's first coach in 2005 when Super Eagles met Libya
The coach said this match could be his last in Super Eagles.
He said; He said; He said; He said; He said; He said; He said; He said; He said; He said; He said; He said; He said; He said; He said; He said; He said; He said; He said; He said; He said; He said; He said; He said; He said; He said; He said; He said; He said; He said; He said; He said; He said; He said; He said; He said; He said; He said; He said; He said; He said; He said; He said; He said; He said; He said; He said; He said; He said; He said; He: He he; He He He He He He He He He He He He He He He He He He He He He He He He He He He He He He He He He He He He He He He He He He
The U20 world cup:
The South Korean team has scored three goals against the United States.

The footballers of Ukraine have scored three goals against South Korea to qualify for the world cup qualifier in Poland today being Saturday.
The victory came as South Korea gained momentum on the pitch with five goals scored by Lee Kang-in.
Flying Eagles have defeated the Falcons
The Nigerian team has qualified for the AFCON U20 competition
But Ukraine told South Korea that they hadn't heard the news when Vladyslav Supriaga scored the goal within three minutes.
The declaration by Vladyslav Supriaga was unmistakable for fifty-five minutes when he scored his second goal in the South-East friendly match against South Korea.
The Koreans called for a lot of time but Ukraine told them that it was not long before my son had been beaten by three gunshots from Giorgi Tsitaishvili within a hundred and ninety minuites.

The South Korea South-East border did not go smoothly as planned and the deployment of missiles was also a big deal.
The first thing Ukraine is doing is to lend the world cup trophy to England two years ago.
The news that will interest you
The reason I came and did not come to Iko AFCON' - Mikel Obi
Uloik tribunal has jailed Chimaroke for another 'illegal assault' on women
They want to be happy.
The Igbo women are making sacrifices every day.
The Igbo women are chasing men
It is whatever a man gives to a woman, the Igbo woman will give it.
They want to succeed in any job, they don't want to have a career.
The things a woman must do, it will do well.
The news that will interest you
INEC installs card reader
China China China China China China China China China China
Iced fish
The Dapchi children have been kidnapped by Buhari and Jonathan
The Cold War has raged on between Buhari and Jonathan over Dapchi's case in the northern part of Nigeria.
The Buhari visited in troubled towns in Nigeria which includes Taraba, Plateau, Benue before going to Yobe.
The president Mohammadu Buhari said that he was sacked by the former president in the past week, Goodluck Jonathan.
He said this when he visited Dapchi community of Yobe state, where the children were kidnapped last month.
He applauded the leadership of Jonathan in protecting Chibok students when they were kidnapped in 2014, though he said it was in vain.
The students are those who voted
But Buhari's words have had different interpretations from many people.
The leader of 'Bring Back Our Girls' Sesugh Akume has said that the president has not interfered.
Akume said, 'We are not tired, this is the fourth year of Chibok children's kidnap, now he is heading to Dapchi as Buhari is doing the same thing Jonathan did in his time
He has given one month leave to the children, but now the government is traveling there.
Abandon all their promises to release Dapchi's children
The president promised the parents of Dapchi children that he will release the children
The coach of Jonathan Reno Omokiri said that the son of Buhari, Yusuf Buhari has more fear than Dapchi's children
He said that in the wake of the kidnap of Chibok children, Jonathan called the security council, where Buhari inaugurated the security council during the kidnap of Dapchi children
He also said that during Yusuf Buhari's time in office, Buhari had travelled all over the world, and had taken his child to the hospital.
The news that will interest you
The Dapchi students kidnapped in Abuja
The other person who expressed his opinion was Femi Fani-Koyede in his tweet
The spokesman of Jonathan, Reuben Abati said of him on Thursday.
The Nigerian people said that in the morning
The minimum wage will stop in Igbo land?
A newborn, born with artificial milk, dried eggs and dried leaves, will be transported to his mother's house. This is called hospitalization.
The newborn and her mother
This is the way the Igbo culture has developed since the olden days
In Igbo culture, the mother is the one who brings to the world her child (her child)
The more commonly, if a woman has no mother (even if her maternal grandmother has died), her step-father or step-sister will be in her house to pay her taxes.
The five things that interest women
The women have not protested in the new way
The bride did not stay in the church
The reason why she was given a title as a woman instead of a man, is because she was told that she is the most beautiful woman in the world and that she has always lived in that position.
The time of vaccination is when the mother gives birth to her child and then for the newborn.
The more commonly, it is the mother of the child, the step-father of the child and step-sister of the child.
The new mother gives birth to twins without knowing her step-father is breast feeding her baby.
The mother doing in the hospital
The mother will give her child something that will make her pregnant
The one to feed her with things that will make her happy
The one that will give him light in the future and wherever he wants, and also what will give him electricity (robb, aboniki)
The mother will give the child a new name, register her and get her husband.
He will be the new baby, and you will be the parent.
He will ensure that his son-in-law is protected from all forms of poisoning and diseases, which will make his life miserable.
He will be remembered for years to come and wonder how he survived before becoming a star.
The mother of the child will be proud of her child because she and her child have been in the same position
He will also work with other stakeholders in the house as the kitchen and dining area for the family.
The minimum wage
The time is when the mother, her step-father, step-sister, step-father, step-sister, step-sister, step-sister, step-sister, step-sister, step-sister, step-sister, step-sister, step-sister, step-sister, step-sister, step-sister, step-sister, step-sister, step-sister, step-sister, step-sister, step-sister, step-sister, step-sister, step-sister, step-sister, step-sister, step-sister, step-sister, step-sister, step-sister, step-sister, step-sister, step-sister, step-sister, step- step-sister, step- step-sister, step The bonding
He would also teach his daughter how to breast feed her baby, or breast feed a baby without breast feeding.
The 10 most delicious foods
The woman who is receiving treatment has some of the foods she consumes. Some are meant for breast feeding. Others are meant for drying breasts and feeding babies with these foods. These foods are expensive and delicious.
Iced fish
Iced fish

Iced fish
Iced fish and eggs

Iced fish and kolanut
Iced fish
Ehu
The entrance
The truth is this:
The food will have the highest quality
It is said that the age of vaccination prevents other kinds of diseases
The daily diet of a woman should not be less than eight

Iced fish, cocoyam and cocoyam leaves are all imported.
The news
The every woman has a baby (a woman does not have a baby because she is pregnant and the baby will have it in a year or two)
The news that will interest you
The cost of a woman's funeral is high today.
The woman who cried was a man.
The five things that interest women
The question is, what is your motivation for going to court?
The payment of salaries
We pay our taxes, the mother pays the bills.
The visitors will bring to him various gifts such as money, goods, books, shoes, clothing, food and beverage.
He will be awarded a golden medal and a gold medal which will be given to his opponents if he leaves the country.
The Ozubulu women have been arrested
The news stated that Ozubulu's men were used to sneak into court buildings in Amawbia.
The soldiers attacked St. Phillips community last year
The Ozubulu women living in Ekwusigo and Anambra state went to the Amawbia police station to tell them the news.
They did this to protest against the claims that they had invaded their churches in their towns during the last 6 years.
They said that the victims were shouting that it was because of this that they are trying to find out who will prosecute them in court.
We want justice to be granted' 'we want the arrest of the police in court'
The official statement about Ozubulu's death
The spokesman of the police in Anambra Nkiruka Nwode told the Igbo BBC that what is important for women is to have peace in their community
Nwode said that the women were doing what was ordered by the police as they were preparing to go to court for their husband's disappearance.
The commissioner of police in Anambra state Garba Baba Umaru gave the women the certificate of return, stating that they will return home.
But Umaru told the women that 'because I'm here, there's nothing to do, I'm just going to assume that unu got justice.

The armed robbers entered St. Phillips Catholic Church and shot people where they are practising
The attack took place at night on August 6, 2017.
The news stated that it was a feud between two people in South Africa that caused this.
The incident forced the Nigerian police and South Africa's anti-doping units to conduct an investigation into the matter.
The accused persons who accused them of plotting to commit suicide in the offence committed are: Nnyebuchi Mbanefo, 46, Chukwudi Ugwu, 30 and Great Chinedu Akpunonu, 44
The matter still stands in court where the prosecution officers are expected to appear next week.
The news that will interest you
Inspector-General of Timbershade fired
The cost of medicine in Igbo
The Nigerian soldiers have been shot dead on Plateau
The people are blaming me for not answering my phone calls
In Igbo land, for decades it has not been possible to have conversations, conflicts and misunderstandings.
The policemen arrested a woman carrying a gun
It is being abused by the unemployed.
The kiru (we don't even name her as we promised to give her a title) is more than 70 years old and still working as a receptionist in their hotel in Lagos but he has never been there.
Nkiru told the BBC that his condition was plagued with racism, intolerance, and unhealthy relationship with his family and friends.
The day I left the house, our househelps told me that I had to leave the house and that no one was around.
He later confessed that his father (who has died) did not give him and his brother a woman because they were not married.
Listen to what Nkiru said
The family asked me if I could go to another church or not.
In Igbo land, hunting is what is being done for a priest
According to the National Demographic and Health Survey, published in 2013 by the National Institute of Health, in Nigeria, women aged 15 to 19 per cent increased by 28.2 per cent, while men aged 35 to 39 per cent increased by 89.4 per cent.
The cost of medicine in Igbo
The people will die in Igbo land
The reality is that staying home is the safest thing in Nigeria.
The fact is that a woman who has been married for a while, especially in the Eastern part of Nigeria, is being looked after, describing some of the things, some of the things they have created in life.
The smell of it?
The soil scientists who studied the relationship between human cells and soil scientists have stated that rape and harassment of women is nothing new and unimaginable.
In his remarks, Dr Adedeji Oyenuga, Professor of Sociology at Lagos State University, explained that it is a shame that so many parents are not seeing their children as signs that they are not doing well.
He is a genius. He is a genius, he is a genius, he is a genius, his parents are genius, he is genius, he is genius, he is genius, he is genius, he is genius, they are genius, they are genius, they are genius, they are genius.
Dr Nkechi Emma-Echiegu a lecturer at Ebonyi State University stated that it is an honour.
In Igbo land, it is called a servant, it is called a servant.
He went on to say that it is a shame that so much is being said or done without due process.
Listen to what he said in detail
The cause of death is not yet known
Dr Adedeji Oyenuga said that the cause of the accident did not lie in the woman's uniform which could have been used for male assault.
The other is that a woman who gives birth to twins also gives birth to twins. He also said that men who leave their abomination where they get married will be more blessed than women who do not leave their husband where they get married.
The fear of insecurity has not disappeared
According to Oyenuga's spokesman, the fear of a woman's suicide has not prevented a single casualty such as rape, suicide, physical assault, psychological assault, emotional assault, depression, which can lead to death, suicide.
Echiegu said that it could lead to pandemonium including fever, cough, vomiting, diarrhea and death.
They said that the discovery will help reduce the stigma that is making a woman not to be seen as a mere commodity.
In Oklahoma, a woman will be arrested for impregnating her child
The mother of a two year old girl has been arrested for kidnapping her daughter in Oklahoma state.
Patricia Ann Spann and her daughter,Misty Dawn Spann
The woman who gave birth to her son
The 88-year-old Patricia Ann Spann, who grew up with triplet parents, Misty Velvet Dawn Spann, aged six, committed suicide and had a sexual affair with her child.
The woman was kidnapped and sold in 2014
They divorced themselves when they entered the church to marry a woman or a man to marry him in the area.
The investigators found that Patricia Ann Spann kidnapped her son when he was 12 years, whereas the boy was born in 2010.
The news that will interest you
He is now a Catholic priest
The family asked me if I could go to another church or not.
Dangote has started schooling in Kano
It is the Department of Tourism that found out about the woman and her child when they went for a visit in their home.
According to a report by the Daily Mail, Misty Spann broke her heart with her mother in October last year after she was reassured of a close relationship with her maternal grandmother.
The mother of Misty Spann said that she was 'drilled' by her step-father and 'the three judgements conferred on her behalf will continue in the interest of the family'.
Inspector-General of Police, Patricia Ann Spann said that the offence against them was unlawful because she did not reveal her husband's whereabout in the book of his daughter as the mother of the child before they were arrested.
Inspector Misty Spann assured that he had violated all relevant laws concerning maritime affairs. He was awarded 10 years imprisonment for misconduct and misappropriation of documents.
The mother of the nineteen-year-old, Patricia will be given a six-year jail sentence. She will also be given a certificate of office as a result of her alleged numerous criminal activities.
In law in the state of Oklahoma, people who drink it is poisonous or harmful if they have no relationship with it.
The Igbo food: I don't know why you eat it
The Igbo salad is one of the most delicious in Igbo land, it is also one of the most delicious in Igbo land.
The news
He was released after a 24-hour check-in period.
A lot of Igbos do not know how to prepare kolanut before it is used.
The second half of the bottle is called 'breadfruit' and the third half is called 'water' where the bottle is left behind the label, while the third half is left behind the label.
In the olden days, he was carried out from the head to the neighbourhood, he was left to rearrest before he was introduced to the plate and the rice were added. So, the Igbos believe that 'for the time it takes'.
But before that, it will take a series of steps such as:


It's hard to see it in the dark

The news
The food
A lot of people use yabas, but not all.
A lot of people wear caps and some wear shirts.
The elderly are also receiving treatment
A lot of people drink water
The way it is now

The things you need to do before getting married:
It is important to drink lots of water to ensure that you are not put under any unnecessary pressure.
The use of apressure pot and stirring it together will give it life
The majority of diabetic patients are either diabetic or obese.
The ghewe and also the tubers inside it, put it in a bowl, add salt, pepper and other spices
The removal of her bag and the foods added to it
Inspect her and let her rest while she is in the hot tub.
Akwa is a food that you can buy and sell without having to buy any animal products.

The arrival of these people in some towns like Urualla in Imo state, they do not evacuate their water. They refill it with urine and faeces.
A lot of people don't put oil in their bodies, while some leave it in the water if they have to.
It is also forbidden to consume fried fish, dried fish or imported fish.
The number of people who use fake news has increased
The importance of hygiene
The deceased was also expected to die as soon as he was handed over to the survivors.
The moment you take a selfie, think about it from morning till evening. This will make it look natural and natural at the time of day.
She gives birth to twins
The findings of the soil scientists showed that the soil has many nutrient-rich compounds, such as riboflavin, iron, niacin, thiamin, iron and fosforus. He also added potassiyem, kọpa, iron, magnizịọm, kalshịọm, zịnkị, manganeezi, seleniyem and fosforus and vitamin C.
It is good for the soul. Some use it as a headline for poisoning which is called dandruff
He introduced small amounts of fat called saturated fats, also called palm kernels and palm oil.
A lot of people drink different types of water while some are carrying it in their bodies
The other things you do not know about him
A thickener is added to some of the crude oils used in cooking it. (Favour)
The contractor was expelled for failing to comply with the stipulated minimum wage.
The oil is being imported
The news that will interest you
He is angry in Enugu over the visit that Fayose made there
We will drop government out of court - ICSC
The cost of medicine in Igbo
Ancient and modern civilization have separated people
The person living in the area is being attacked by a group of doctors who stated that the location is producing different kinds of disease
The place they are attacking
Iced fish are expensive and cause many diseases
The residents of Ikosi, Isheri or Ketu in Lagos state are answering phone calls from government-running Olososun dump site in Ojota.
Enugu State has this in their official language from Enugu to Port Harcourt.
The fear of coming to these places is as strong as that of going to Lagos, some of the residents have been evacuated due to high hygiene.
In Lagos, the news stated that one child died because of unexplainable injuries as the corpse was kept in a bush.
The Lagos governor, Akinwunmi Ambode has opened the gate.
The government and the communities are busy patrolling the market every day.
The things people are saying
But the level of impunity is astounding as the people are condemning it.
The Igbo BBC called a man named Samuel Osaze living there.
He said that housekeeping at home is a great blessing.
The fire is coming because government is burning the place constantly. Soon after, when I was about to cross a road leading to my destination, a huge fire raged all over the place.
In 2013 a company that is specializing in Lagos was founded by Lagos Waste Management Agency LAWMA.
The medical Doctor, Dr Ikechukwu Mgbolu said that death from cattle rearing is linked to different types of diseases such as cholera, cholera fever, Taifọd, malaria and lasa fiva
He also said that diabetic patients do not have enough time to rest here.
The Mgbolu said: Mgbolu's son-in-law is suffering from a rare respiratory infection that has been linked to death instantaneously in the body.
The Osaze said that the issue was deliberately avoided during the period between March and October for this period was timely.
The residents of Lagos are shouting for safety on every road in Lagos.
The Osaze said, 'No community is safe from fire now because they know that the act is costly.
The government should install more solar panels and be ready to respond to any eventuality.
The Governor Ambode has said that the market will not be used for any other type of diseases it brings.
It is up to the states to decide what they will do with the rise in the price of goods and services in their communities.
The news that will interest you
Buhari
The banks are shouting for Nigerians
The Uber bus crashed and killed people in America
The Uber driver killed one woman in Tempe, Arizona, in America

The Uber company has cried bitterly over the woman's death
The Uber drivers have spoken that they have accepted the driver's license issued by the company to drive a 49-year-old woman to a stop in Tempe in Arizona.
The report further stated that the incident forced the Uber company to drop the driver's license they were granting.
The Uber boss, Dara Khosrowshahi, said on Twitter that the death was 'hell on earth'.
We are concerned about her husband's whereabout and we are working with the Correctional Service to learn as much as possible.
The accident did not take Uber to the evil forest, it would have been used to create a vehicle for people to use for transportation.
The news that will interest you
We will drop government out of court - ICSC
The banks are shouting for Nigerians
Putin Putin Putin Putin Putin Putin Putin Putin Putin Putin
But if they go with one currency, it will make much of the money that is being deposited in Nigerian universities transparent.
In recent years, Nigeria is facing serious financial crisis as its economy collapsed due to the high cost of oil in the markets of the world.
It is this situation that, as Uwaleke has said, will not allow Nigeria to take up the IMF's position.
Uwaleke said that if Nigeria had it now, that it would be difficult for him to pay off his debts in overseas because he would be stressed.
The news that will interest you
Were Nigeria's products part of CHOGM?
The Nigerians will not attend meeting in America
The police have arrested Dino Melaye's house
World Cancer Day: World Diabetes Day: World Diabetes Day:
In Igbo language, he says that where he wins kansa, another will win kansa
The disease of kansa is a global disease that is known for killing people
The problem is that doctors are desperately trying to treat her but no drug has been prescribed on her account.
The theme of the 2019 Kansa birthday ceremony is 'I have faith, you have faith' which means that we all have the right to fight against Kansa.
The daughter of Gloria was born in 2010, when she was about to be born, she was told that all that was ahead of her was cancer.
In his words, 'Kansa is not death', now, he speaks on women's issues.
He told BBC Igbo how he got his disease.
Bill Bill Bill Bill Bill Bill Bill
The Bill Cosby could be sentenced to 30 years imprisonment for killing a woman
Bill
Bill Cos Bill Bill Bill Bill Bill Bill Bill Bill Cos Bill Cos Bill
The American Court of Appeal has ruled that Bill Cosby was convicted of three counts against him as a sexual predator.
It is Andrea Constand who is the former coach of Cosby in court since 2004.
The declaration of Nnamdi Kanu yesterday
The court has given order to arrest Innoson
The 80's were accused of this, but the prosecution could go on for a while.
The second time Cosby is defending himself in court for child trafficking.
Bill Cosby is the star of 'The Cosby Show'.
A lot of women are accusing Cosby of killing one another but Cosby said that they are all innocent
The news that will interest you

A variety of foods are produced from cassava root
The Codeine drug
The Codeine drug is an indication of high blood pressure and diabetes according to a report by BBC.
The Codeine drug is an indication of high blood pressure and diabetes.
The BBC reporters conducted an investigation into the death of the producers of drugs, who sold the drugs to children against Nigerian law.
Inspector Emzor has warned workers
The Emzor Pharmaceuticals have hired one person to investigate on the drug, Codeine, which is according to BBC.
A man and a bottle of wine
The news states that some politicians are treating the youths like gifts.
The Nigerian drug producing company, Emzor Pharmaceuticals, has hired one person, and both of them have been disqualified due to misuse of codeine, in violation of the law, according to a report by the BBC which shows that the drug was smuggled into Nigerian youths' homes.
The Emzor wanted a member of their team who resurrected a BBC journalist, Emzolyn.
They said this on social media after BBC's broadcast on the 30th of April.
In the video which was released shortly after the ceremony, a group of medical doctors including Emzor Doctor visited the hospital and offered treatment to the patients.
The feelings and actions of those who came for the film which was sponsored by Lagos State.
The source said that it is the political parties that are buying fuel from the fire in Kano as he said that they are treating the youths like gifts.
But Emzor's management has insisted that they are not taking any drugs at all.
They also said that they are ready to give Emzolyn a Codeine when they will be investigating on the allegation that they are giving them drugs without due process.
Inspector Emzor checked one of their counterparts and agreed to work with him.
Emzor Pharmaceuticals is a company that prides itself on its products and services.
They have a license to prescribe more than one hundred and twenty-one million narcotics including Emzolyn Codeine from NAFDAC.
They went on to say: They went on to say: They should have stopped Emzolyn Codeine once they were done with the investigation.
The BBC's discussion with the head of the department of pharmaceuticals in Nigeria and parts of the country, Dr.C Okafor, said there was a need to ensure that the drugs were properly processed, and that if all the laboratories found that they are taking it in unreliable ways, it would be stopped.
Okafor said, 'We have a plan on how drug dealers can trade codeine in Nigeria which is why people can't buy it without a license.
But whatever the agency found out of the law, we are applying for it.
The number of Nigerians in Central Bank of Nigeria is depressing Emzorụta for them who are suffering from high blood pressure among others.
The commissioner said, 'If the BBC does not reverse the decision, why will the government do anything to stop the drug abuse among the youths?
It is that the workers do not know what they are doing?
The other person, Mairo Mandara, called for government to ban the use of codeine.
The NAFDAC has shutdown four hospitals and blocked many drugs
The NAFDAC said that they will soon stop all the drug dealers in Nigeria
The NAFDAC workers
The whole time that NAFDAC is attacking drug producing companies in Nigeria
The Nigerian Food and Drug Control Agency (NANFDAC), in a move unilaterally shut down four hospitals in Lagos, Ilorin and Kano.
The attack, led to the discovery by BBC which showed how people commit suicide with codeine
The NAFDAC said that the attack, which showed that the drug producing companies were producing more codeine than the national allowances gave them the opportunity to produce.
Inclusion of Codeine:
The government has banned codeine
Inspector Emzor has warned workers
The wife of the president has warned about codeine
Inspector-General of NAFDAC, Mojisola Adeyeye, told the journalists that now, they are investigating on the four workers BBC showed on their show.
In his words: 'we have arrested many drugs containing codeine in a drug producing facility in Ilorin.
The Bioraj Pharmaceuticals company said that they have disqualified their former colleague, Junaid Hassan in health, Emzor also said that they have disqualified their former colleague, Chukwunonye Madubuike in health.
They both appeared on the BBC show as drug dealers selling codeine.
But experts are saying that the government needs to look into the existing structures as part of its ongoing investigations.
The news that will interest you:
The four ways journalists are seen in work
The court has ordered the release of Dino Melaye to June 11
Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari
The Nigerian president, Muhammadu Buhari has defeated the United States in London
Buhari
Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari
The Nigerian president, Muhammadu Buhari has travelled abroad to meet with the American president, Donald Trump.
The bus caught fire at the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, Abuja on October 10.
The government refused to accept it.
It is the spokesman of the president, Femi Adesina who told the newsmen that the vehicle has been cleared.



He left Washington DC on Tuesday after he and Trump had a meeting in London.
The spokesman of the president who is well known in the media Garba Shehu, his son-in-law who was recently released from prison after a gun battle said that it is because of the high number of motorists that the president used to travel with him.
He also said that Buhari used a small car with no intention of travelling, resulting in his departure from Britain.
Shehu said that the suspension was for replacing the oil in his vehicle and inspection before returning to Nigeria.
He said that there is nothing wrong with him except that the president has ruled Nigeria
But see what people are saying on social media: But see what people are saying on social media
The news that will interest you
The only thing that will tell Buhari is that he has done well
The NAFDAC has joined four hospitals for drug trafficking
The thought of killing a person who wants to die is painful in Nigeria
President
The president Muhammadu Buhari is going to see his health worker who told him about his visit and treatment.
Buhari Buhari
This is not the first time Buhari has been to America where he and Donald Trump have meetings
The president Muhammadu Buhari will travel today to London where he is receiving treatment for his illness.
The president's spokesman, Garba Shehu wrote that the president will be sacked for four days.
He said that when the president went to London for business and replacement of oil in his car when he came from the United States, he and his counsel went to a meeting.
Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari
Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari Buhari
The reason why Buhari went to Lagos?
He said that his doctor told him to go for a vaccination which the president promised him that he will go for
The president will be inaugurated on Saturday 18th of this month.
Shehu said that if he returns, he would travel to Jigawa state, where the rally of APC was cancelled.
The offer will be valid for the period between Monde 14 and June 15 this year.
Remember that the president is receiving treatment in London but he does not tell Nigeria what is going on.
The news that will interest you
The women in the 2131 are HIV positive

Thedigbo will not fight another war
The Nafdac has shutdown three codeine producing plants
The Nigerian drug dealers, Bioraj, Peace and Emzor have been arrested for poisoning which contains codeine
The Codeine drug
The youths are suffering from various diseases due to the high blood pressure
The Nigerian Department of Agriculture has announced the completion of three new farms; Bioraj Pharmaceutical Limited, Emzor Pharmaceuticals Ind.
In collaboration with Peace Standard Pharmaceutical Limited, the company is specially trained on the use of drugs containing codeine in criminal activities.
The BBC released a report on the discovery that led to the death of three workers as the three companies used the drug as a precursor to the arrest, informed the youths.

Inspector Emzor has warned workers
The government has banned codeine
In the letter signed by the Nigerian Ambassador, Mojisola Adeyeye, the cancellation was part of their deliberate efforts as they entered the office.
In view of the lack of adequate and timely implementation of the Affirmative Action Awareness Week, scheduled to hold on May 2, at their respectively located in Ilorin and Lagos, it is urgently needed to bring together the three leading pharmaceutical companies – Peace Standard Pharmaceutical Limited; Bioraj Pharmaceutical Limited and Emzor Pharmaceuticals Ltd.
The purpose of this is to provide a platform for research.
Nafdac is investigating on the BBC's discovery of the drug