The news that will interest you:
Joseph Achuzie, Dike Biafra alala
Dapchi: Government has not killed Boko Haram- Massob
Tottenham is looking to win FA Cup in Rochadale match
Son Heung-min, Fernando Llorente and Kyle Walter-Peters of Tottenham were the winners of Rochadale in the match today.
Son Heung-min who Tottenham and his team were angry when he scored a goal in FA Cup.
Tottenham has defeated the FA four times
In sports, the Tottenham team defeated Rochadale with six goals in FA competition.
The win means that Tottenham and Swansea will play quarter final in FA cup on 17th March.
Son Heung-min scored the first goal and fourth goal, Fernando Llorente scored three goals in the second half, while Kyle Walter-Peters scored the second goal.
Son Heung-min stops Rochadale football
What will happen next?
Tottenham will go to Wembley on March 3th, before they and Huddersfield will play in Premier League, before Juventus will play in Champions League on March 7.
Rochdale club has 16 matches to qualify for relegation in league one.
The first match will be held in Plymouth on three days in March.
The news that will interest you:
Guardiola has defeated his first goal in England
Champions League: Neymar has defeated
The police chief: Remove bullets before blocking them
The police commander has urged Governors to create a place where crops are harvested before allowing crops to be harvested in their state.
Ibrahim Idris
The Chief Police Officer Ibrahim Idris has stated that the state should be a place for agricultural training before they commence harvesting crops.
The commissioner of police said this yesterday in a meeting with the National Security Council said it would help address problems and chaos between farmers and farmers.
He went on to say that the problem that occurred in Benue was because the state government had not approved agricultural fertilizer before they prohibited irrigation.
In the meeting of the theme, 'Sustainable Development: The challenges of security and the need to find the right way to stop it,' the problem between farmers and farmers has not started in the olden days of President Muhammdu Buhari.
Idris said: 'In my view, to reduce conflict between farmers and farmers, the state government would try to establish agricultural schools in their state before making a law to stop harvesting.
The news that will interest you:
The market has collapsed in Alaba International
For Achuzia, we will see that Biafra won'
In Imo state, children's farms have a lot of bushes.
The Igbos in Imo state have different species of birds.
The various animals are in their camp in Imo state.
These children were also taken to a safe place so that they can live well.
Timothy's son George Weah has started playing for PSG
Timothy Weah has gone to PSG where his father George Weah was a well known musician from 1992 to 1995.
Timothy Weah
Timothy Weah will be better than his father as people think?
The former president of Liberia George Weah known as Timothy Weah has started playing for PSG, where his father started playing first.
Timothy appeared on the pitch yesterday when PSG and Troyes scored a match.
As Neymar and Kylian Mbappe were not ready for the match, Angel di Maria and Christopher Nkunku were the winners of the match.
Neymar and Mbappe did not qualify for Weah in this competition.
George Weah scored 55 goals in PSG
Timothy's father George Weah played for PSG before 23 years ago before he went to AC Milan.
PSG has 10 matches ahead, among which they should win 17 goals if they will improve the French League this year.
They and Real Madrid will compete in Tusde for the second Champions League match. In the first match, Real Madrid scored 3-1 against them.
The player of the team Neymar will not play again in this season because he scored.
The news that will interest you:
Nigeria's government has decamped the airline to rescue Dapchi children
One man has killed his children in Awada
The fight against Fulani has killed many
Charly Boy has said that he wants special tourists for visiting Nigeria
Charles Oputa who is known as 'Charly Boy' has expressed his regrets about the Nigerian government.
The famous Nigerian Eze, Charly Boy said that he is not happy about Nigeria's situation.
When the Igbo BBC interviewed him, he asked 'Why did he become the evil people in Nigeria?'
Charly Boy said that he is looking for innovative youths he will support for winning the Nigerian governorship election.
'I have been struggling since thirty years ago that Nigeria's creation would be for special travellers,' as Charly Boy said.
Oscars 2018: Kobe Bryant is among the winners
The American basket player, Kobe Bryant has been among the viewers in the crash of the video.
Kobe Bryant, the American footballer
Important feat- Kobe Bryant has defeated.
In a surprising way, Kobe Bryant is a well known NBA player in America has defeated the Oscars trophy.
He took this for the video that was released during a childhood period.
See other winners of Oscars this morning
The winners:
The Shape of Water has the award of 'Best picture.'
Frances McDormand won the Best actress for Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
The winner of the 'Best actor' is Gary Oldman for Darkest Hour
Guillermo Del Toro won the Best Director for The Shape of Water
Get Out by Jordan Peele won 'Best original screenplay'
Oscars 2018: the movie appears in the world
The most famous movie that has been written about it in Hollywood has been released.
Also see the photos of people appearing on the red carpet
Danai Gurira made the Black Panther and Walking Dead movie showing a scene in his head
The award ceremony of the Academy Awards such as Oscars of the 90th edition held on Sunday where people showed their courage.
Also see what actors come to the event.
Daniel Kaluuya
Daniel Kaluuya who made Get Out was one of the winners of the Oscars.
Lupita Nyong'o
Lupita Nyong'o won the 2012 Oscars for her movie titled 12 Years a Slave
Jennifer Lawrence
Jennifer Lawrence's wife made Hunger Games the Oscar trophy
Andra Day
Andra Day is a American musician, dressed in red carpet, said people came to see him
Oscars 2018: How it comes
Black Panther is very good
It was shown Africa in the beginning of the Black Panther show.
Black Panther: Are you interested in this movie?
Tom Holland
Tom Holland made the movie Spider Man with a good dress to announce the winner of the event.
Chadwick Boseman
Chadwick Boseman, the Tchalla of Wakanda in the Black Panther movie, wears Givenchy shoes.
Ashley Judd
Ashley Judd who participated in Time's Up in the talk show Time's Up wears a black dress in red carpet
Adam Rippon
Adam Rippon in a boxing competition called figure skating made him proud as he came from the movie Fifty Shades Of Grey.
Salman Hayek
Halman Sayek wears a black dress
Darrell Britt-Gibson
The photos have been showing how Darrell Britt-Gibson performed the Three Billboards movie on red carpet
Whoopi Goldberg
Whoopi Goldberg's dress is as a dragon
Patrick Stewart
Sir Patrick Stewart made a X-men movie titled Time's Up in his uniform while giving the audience photos.
Sally Hawkins
Sally Hawkins, Britain is one of the names to win the award for the movie The Shape of Water he made against the media
Saoirse Roman
Saoirse Roman made Lady Bird dressed in red carpet Oscars after 10 years of her first appearance in 2008 when she was 13 years old
Meryl Streep
Meryl Streep has been named for winning the 21th Oscars award since she started acting.
Margot Robbie
Margot Robbie made Tonya a beautiful movie on the red carpet.
Tiffany Haddish
Tiffany Haddish appreciated the courage of African women who are known to Eritrea and Ethiopia
These photos have a copy of a copy.
Other African countries have made Nigeria better in film
When it comes to the world's highest Oscars, African countries showing Nigeria hundreds.
The winners of Oscars
2018 it was the 90th year of the Oscars in Hollywood.
After the 2018 Oscars which was the highest award in the world of film, BBC Igbo examined and found that other African countries are better than Nigeria in the film industry.
Oscars 2018: between Africa and Nigeria
BBC found that despite some Nigerian film producers include some Hollywood actors in their films, it was not easy for them to see that those called names to get any prize in Hollywood.
Nollywood is one of the producers in Nigeria and other parts of Africa who are known as the name, other African countries have expressed their appreciation.
Lupita Nyong'o, a Kenyan born in America won the award of 'best actress' in 2013
In recent years, Nigeria was seen as a 'dike' in a movie in Africa, but now it is like others have gone.
While Nollywood themselves are two highest in the world movie industry that produces more than 1000 films in one year, Hollywood is not producing the same thing but he did not say they are the world's expectation that they would produce the best movie.
But coming to Africa, Kenya and South Africa are showing Nigeria confidence when it comes to the Oscars competition.
The roots of South Africa
I am concerned with the security and economy of the country.
How the Senate took Nigeria's money
See a man who is among the senators
Nigerians have thanked Buhari for calling them'men'
Nigerian youths do not agree with what Buhari said in CHOGM that they are weak.
Muhammadu Buhari
Nigerians are saying that President Muhammadu Buhari is hiding them in the country and some countries
People are involved in the discussion about the death of the Nigerian president.
After Buhari went to London for the Commonwealth summit called CHOGM, he said that Nigerian youths are weak.
The statement he said was not enough for many Nigerians, which caused them to show their regrets on social media.
Three words Buhari used to 'destroy Nigeria in the land'
Buhari's statement affects youths
President will not insult Nigerians
The spokesman of Buhari Femi Adesina, said that Nigerians did not know what he said.
Adesina's words did not stop people to say what they want.
#LazyNigerianYouths are excited
Many of them went on to begin showing their skills, and saying that they are not lazy despite Nigeria's poor economy.
One healthy man contributed to the matter.
Some said how they used their efforts to raise themselves in school through their efforts.
Some said that they will not support Buhari in 2019
One person who uses a joke showed a man who has a job
Who will be the new president in commonwealth?
The Commonwealth leaders are meeting to find out if Wales's mother would be appointed as the head of the department.
Ezenwanyi Elizabeth
England woman wants her husband Charles to take her to the position
The Commonwealth leaders are meeting to determine if the Queen of Wales will appoint her mother as the governor of the 53 states.
The evening when the Briten woman decided that her son Charles will rule the CHOGM in Buckingham Palace.
He said that it was his desire to join CHOGM one day.
But that is not what Ezenwa's mother gives her child if she died.
It is expected that the Commonwealth leaders will decide on who will govern them if they meet at Windsor Castle but there is no evidence that it will be announced in the meeting.
It is not anyone who can join the commonwealth?
The BBC journalist James Landale said that the position has been shifted between the states in Commonwealth.
But, President Saut Africa Cyril Ramaphosa has decamped from the meeting in London to know what caused the attack in his country.
The attack is happening in South Africa where anti-corruption activists are offering jobs, homes and schools.
What is the role of the Commonwealth president?
The position of the Briten woman in it is important.
The Commonwealth Commission has gathered up to thirty countries to ensure that the Commonwealth's identity is coming to maturity.
This includes cooperation between these countries through trade and global partnerships.
The news that will interest you:
Chimamanda said that there was a man who killed him
President will not insult Nigerians
Nigerian youths have thanked Buhari
The head of the travel agency in all countries is in the group, to make the contract successful.
He is the leader of the group that decides who will be their leader.
President Theresa May and President of Canada Justin Trudeau have endorsed Charles to be president.
What is CHOGM?
CHOGM is Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting in English
It is a commonwealth summit, which is held for two years.
The recipients were those remembered and the twenty-five Praịm Ministers of the country and their families, who have spoken their words and journalists.
The year's meeting held in London, where the previous 2015 meeting was in Valletta in Malta.
The money spent in Imo will not affect our purse- Rochas spokesman
Imo state government is saying that the plan does not interest them, but they will use N100 million to support it.
Rochas Okorocha and Ogoni king, King Godwin Gininwa
Rochas Okorocha's election will resume in 2019
As the news reports that Imo state government has told all the residents to complete their work for three million naira, Imo state government is saying that they are not worthy of the money.
Ebere Iwuji, a spokesman for the governor in the media told BBC Igbo on phone that the bill would be paid only one time.
He also said that the money will be used to support various projects of different communities in Imo state.
Although the news says it is twenty-five billion naira to a community, Nzewuji said that there is no name of any money, because the people living in the country now should pay this tax.
Nzewuji said 'This go will not enter the Imo state government, it is the Local Government Council (CGC) that owns it'.
Nzewuji went on to say that Imo state government will use hundreds of naira to support all those who borrowed the money, so as to ensure that it will be borrowed from a manufacturing company and other things the country wants.
Anyone who wants progress would want to support it, especially when they are involved in the development of the country, Nzewuji said.
Nzewuji also went on to explain that no country has been paid for this.
Listen to his story here:
Other news that will interest you:
What happened to Nigerians to give one way in 20 ways
President will not insult Nigerians
The most recent news: Buhari is Nigeria's father
What are the party that will reject APC?
The 2019 election has flooded as some party members want to defeat APC in the 2019 election.
Olusegun Obasanjo
Olusegun Obasanjo took office in 1999
Many APC members in the governorship position called APC and those who are saying that Nigeria is trying to leave the governorship seat from Buhari's party in 2019.
The news reports that many party could start collaboration in the coming election to announce any victory in the next election.
The members of the party include the following party: Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), some leaders and All Progressives Congress (APC), Social Democratic Party, Social Democratic Party, Social Democratic Party, Social Democratic Party, Social Democratic Party, Social Democratic Party, Social Democratic Party, Social Democratic Party, Social Democratic Party, Social Democratic Party, Social Democratic Party, Social Democratic Party, Social Democratic Party, Social Democratic Party, Social Democratic Party, Social Democratic Party, Social Democratic Party, Social Democratic Party, Social Democratic Party, Social Democratic Party, Social Democratic Party, Social Democratic Party, Social Democratic Party, Social Democratic Party, Social Democratic Party, Social Democratic Party, Social Democratic Party, Social Democratic Party, Social Democratic Party, Social Democratic Party, Social Democratic Party, Social Democratic Party, Social Democratic Party, Social Democratic
The Coalition for Nigeria Movement (CNM) of the Nigerian President Olusegun Obasanjo.
Obasanjo has started a meeting with Obasanjo
2019 election: Keyamo is the candidate of Buhari
Buhari: I will contest for 2019
APC won in 2015
The Nigerian Presidents, the military have continued to intensify protests including the military commander T.Y Danjuma supporting the invasion.
In a statement given to a spokesman, 'this would not be a change to the APC party.
We do not give INEC the name of change.
The new party will give everyone a chance to express his feelings.'
The house of senate and the senators are supporting the invasion.
PDP took Nigeria eight years before APC took them to power
In other words, the PDP party is being resigned and they will change the name of their party.
The chairman of the party Uche Secondus said that he and his team are fighting against him.
But people say that instead of changing the name, the PDP party has developed different ways to restore Nigeria and remove APC from office.
The news that will interest you:
What is the cost of a million naira in Imo
The doctors have attacked the healthcare workers
Nigerian youths have thanked Buhari
The death of Fada 'Ebube mụonsọ' church
The victims attacked the catholic church in Uke Anambra state and killed three cars.
The youths are struggling
Suicide is a tradition of the Igbos
The Catholic Priests, 'Iyi Road' in Uke in Idemili Nọt Anambra State attacked Catholic Church meeting and killed more than 30 people, while one of them was injured on Saturday.
The chairman of the church, Fada Emmanuel Obimma, known as 'Ebube Mmụonsọ' and other religious activists, and a group of female activists, and a group of female activists who came to the church to pray for God in their prayers on Friday and Saturday.
The BBC spokesman Francis Okoye told the BBC on phone that the victims attacked the meeting at about eighth of the morning and injured more than 30 people.
Aguleri and Igboukwu are not the beginning of Ndigbo
One man has killed his children in Awada
When things started, we checked their cars with three cylinders.
They killed many people.
He has many people who have been injured in the hospital.
We do not know if he lives or died.
He suspected that the Uke youths did this because, during 'Uzọ iyi', the death begins and the victims were arrested at the end of the morning but the victims were arrested at the end of the morning but the victims were arrested at the end of the morning after the victims were arrested at the end of the morning.
They started collecting drivers who took people to church, collecting their money and their phone.
The death has killed many cars at the meeting
The security officers urged them to stop their attacks but when we saw that the incident has stopped, we called the police.
They came to kill some of them.
Anambra state police said that the death took place in Uke but they said that there was no dead.
The spokesman of the police in the state Nkirụ Nwode told BBC that 'we have three deaths, we are investigating what happened there.'
The news said that this is not the first time the youths in the country are celebrating the Catholic gathering every Friday which attracts more than 50 per cent of the population.
The residents said that the youths in the area are angry with the motorists and priests stealing them money and stealing some things.
In a shout, they arrested the officer Fada Obimma who killed the youths and arrested them during the country's invasion.
It was alleged that the youths are terrorizing the youths when they are praying for the people.
The news that will interest you:
88 children can die in breast cancer
Benue: The military has killed 20 people
What are the party that will reject APC?
Ezeife: the Igbos will ask Buhari again
Ezeife and some political activists have said that giving Igbo support to Buhari to get a position in 2023 is a shame.
Chukwuemeka Ezeife and some Igbo friends
Chukwuemeka Ezeife, former Igbo-Ukwu governor in Anambra State is one of the leaders of Ndigbo in Nigeria
The Igbos have said that the Igbos will contest for Buhari's support in the 2019 election as they did in 2015.
They called on the Igbos to ensure that if they support President Buhari to enter the next governorship election in 2019 and the governorship election will be accepted by Igbo women, now that it is a shame.
In a speech, many members of the APC including, Minister of Transport Rotimi Amaechi, Secretary General of the Federal Government Boss Mustafa and the Vice President of Voice of Nigeria, Osita Okechukwu called on the Igbos to support Buhari in 2019, as well as the Vice President of Voice of Nigeria, Osita Okechukwu called on the Igbos to support Buhari in 2023.
The 2019 Nigerian president - Balarabe Musa
'The Igbos are killed by soldiers in the war'
But some indigenes said that the matter was a shame to get the Igbos voting, saying that Buhari asked the Igbos for giving him a certificate in 2015, and they wanted him in 2019 election.
In his interview with Sun newspaper, Anambra State Governor Dr Chukwuemeka Ezeife said: 'It is not known how it will be done.
'We are not supposed to challenge people to the presidency.
I am going to pray God, Who knows that if a Igbo takes office as president, it will be good for Fulani, Yoruba and other ethnic groups in Nigeria because we will reform Nigeria's economy to continue.
I speak for 2023 is a false statement, anyone speaks it is to insult the Igbos.'
In the same way, the former Ohanaeze Ndigbo president Dozie Ikedife, said that the Igbos have promised to win the presidency without a doubt in the past.
He told Sun newspaper: 'We have given the Igbos a lot of promise in recent years, killing our neighbours.
If someone insulted you two times or three times, it goes for the fourth.
The invasion of the land has killed people.
Ikedife went on to say : 'What is my responsibility is to create Biafra without violence or killing anyone.'
Remember in 2015, many of the Igbos did not vote for Buhari because he did not give the support of 95 per cent and they gave him five per cent, a statement many believed he earned from his aides since he was in office.
The news that will interest you:
The death has killed the church of Katolîk in Anambra
Eighty-seven children can die in breast cancer
Benue: The military has killed 20 people
The man has killed a restaurant in America
The police searching one man killed two people while two others injured.
The restaurant where the incident happened
The police found a gun used to attack the building
The police said that one man has killed three people in a restaurant in Nashville in America
The man entered the restaurant on the eighth of the morning in Antioch and started attacking people.
The other four people also injured the victim before another person eating the food in the area shot him with a gun, he was shot dead.
The police have given the name of the man to Travis Reinking twenty-one years old who is from Illinois where they are searching for him.
The news that will interest you
The death has killed the church of Katolîk in Anambra
88 children can die in breast cancer
Benue: The military has killed 20 people
Soyinka: water consumption in 2019
Wole Soyinka
The Nobel winner Wole Soyinka has said that democracy has collapsed in Nigeria.
Wole Soyinka urged Nigerians to listen to them
Wole Soyinka also the author of this book has urged Nigerians to take a look at the water to avoid losing them again in the 2019 election.
Soyinka, who said this on Sunday during a memorial ceremony of the former senator Gani Fawehinmi who was held in Lagos said that Nigeria and the governorship administration are in trouble now.
He explained that Nigerians who are involved in its current problems through their schemes, have been deployed again as candidates when the election is coming, and urged Nigerians to ask old Left to lead the governance.
Buhari and the leaders of the APC have had a meeting
Wole Soyinka: Listen to yourself as a king
He said: 'It is not clear that the president's administration is in trouble.
It is not a political revolution, our country is in trouble.
I don't think that there is a time in the whole world, especially in this country the time of safety of all things called the union.
We are all here.
The question is we see it as a opportunity to come and see it as a opportunity to continue to do those things that happened in our country and abroad?
It is not a new news that is needed to prepare what will lead to Nigeria's independence.
It is shameful that the former Leftists who took part in the plan that brought us to our present position were those who showed themselves as the representatives of Nigeria's future, a country with more than 200 million habitants, a country with more than 200 million habitants.
Soyinka continued to advise Nigerians to look into water to avoid flooding.
The news that will interest you:
The death has killed the church of Katolîk in Anambra
88 children can die in breast cancer
Benue: The military has killed 20 people
He told me that when it is talking about Nigeria's creation, one or two means those who are behind it and the rest.
A lot of people are asked to look into them because they are lazy and those who are behind Nigeria's leadership and the current Nigerian political situation today.
What is why Nigerians will not attend a wedding in America?
Nigerian government has appealed to them for what happened in the talks between Nigerian and American ministers in America.
Yemi Osibanjo in Abuja
Yemi Osibanjo is one of the names listed in the book.
Many Nigerians believe that they were in a meeting of the Nigerian government in America held in Washington DC does not think that it was a ceremony.
The arrival of the government did not make people excited that Nigeria will not get foreign currency.
The need to go here include the vice president Yemi Osinbajo, the Minister of Finance Kemi Adeosun, the Minister of Agriculture Ibe Kwachukwu, the Minister of Agriculture Ibe Kwachukwu, the Minister of Agriculture Ibe Kwachukwu, the Minister of Agriculture Ibe Kwachukwu, the Minister of Agriculture Ibe Kwachukwu, the Minister of Agriculture Ibe Kwachukwu, the Minister of Agriculture Ibe Kwachukwu, the Minister of Agriculture Ibe Kwachukwu, the Minister of Agriculture Ibe Kwachukwu, the Minister of Agriculture Ibe Kwachukwu, the Minister of Agriculture Ibe Kwachukwu, the Minister of Agriculture Ibe Kwachukwu, the Minister of Agriculture Ibe Kwachukwu, the Minister of Agriculture Ibe Kwachukwu, the Minister of Agriculture Ibe Kwachukwu, the Minister of Agriculture Ibe Kwachukwu
The rice and wine have added money
Switzerland has agreed to refund Abacha's money
One of the things the government has done is Emir of Kano Sanusi Lamido, who is a former executive in Nigeria.
Sanusi's words
Sanusi said that the advocate of investing in Africa, 'he has Nigeria, he has Gana, he has Ruruwanda, Kenya and South Africa'.
He also went on to say, 'Nigeria could be better than all other countries in the market, but he could say that if he will add 500 dollars in Nigeria, if I add 100 dollars in Ghana, 100 dollars in Rwanda, 100 dollars in Code Vuwa, to get a boost.'
We went to meet with those who have their money in the country to meet, we should begin at ninety, we then begin at ninety.
When I arrived there, they called me to the Nigerian senator.
The attendees of the meeting were there, the president was not present, the ministry was not present, Sanusi said.
Sanusi said that the incident was not good, because he shows that Nigeria is not ready for what he is saying.
He said, 'You called people to come to see what happened in Nigeria, but you did not come.
There is no way to register those who will invest in Nigeria.
If it is the Russians who organized the meeting, their president, Kagame will be there asking people to come to Russia.
People are involved in this issue on social media.
The user @SegunAndrews believes in what Sanusi said.
But, the government has said that it is not what they are doing.
Laị Mohammed a journalist wrote a statement saying that it is not true that those who should go to the meeting will not go.
Mohammed explains that the executives of the event did not receive a certificate from them, or were in Washintn DC when the meeting was held.
He said that the Ministry of Agriculture, Agriculture and Financial Services had not received a certificate despite their name in the books which will speak about it.
The governor and his wife went to the Commonwealth summit in London.
The Minister is concerned about money in Washint DC, but it is about the World Bank's meeting with the IMF.
He also went on to say that the ministry of media and culture received a certificate, but he replied to the commissioner for media and culture that he would not be responsible for other things he did with him.
Lai Mohammed said that 'These things show that the Minister does not want to go to him is a meeting.
'Let Igbo die'
Ikeogu Oke won 100 million dollars in Nigeria in 2017.
The winner of the award as a writer in Nigeria in 2017 Ikeogu Oke has said that Igbo language will not die if the Igbos call it important.
Ikeogu won 100 million naira as the best poet in Nigeria known as 'Nigerian Prize of Literature' for his book titled The Heresiad.
What made the book different is that it was written in Igbo language.
In his interview with the Igbo BBC, Mr Oke spoke about the security of Igbo language, and who he thought that he should be taken to him.
The federal government has said what will be done with Abacha's money
Kemi Adeosun the Minister of Finance has stated what the federal government would do with Abacha's money in Nigeria.
Kemi Adeosun and Christine Lagarde are the chairman of the IMF
Nigeria's government has approved to use more than three billion dollars of Abacha's revenue which the Swiss government refunded will be done.
The Minister of Finance Kemi Adeosun has said that the money would be borrowed from indigenes as President Buhari promised when he governed.
He said this while speaking to journalists and the world's largest financial agency, IMF, who is known for stealing that happened in Washington in America.
Adeosun said that the money has been borrowed from a special bank in Niajiria called CBN to begin developing a plan that will help the poor.
The rice and wine have added money
The senator has called the president of the high court
In his message, he said that the federal government is hopeful that they create their own plan, which will make Nigeria better.
In his words 'We put the schemes in the production, economy and economy of Nigeria will increase'
What is Nigeria doing in CHOGM?
Igbo women have joined Big Brother Naija
Nigerians will not speak in America?
Three things to have a lot of money changes
The IMF told Nigeria to calculate its inflation rate to be one, while the experts say the weakness is in having many.
Naira
EFCC said that Umar wanted million naira
In order to reduce Nigeria's inflation rate, the IMF has advised Nigeria to balance its inflation rate.
Nigeria has five types of changes; one for foreign travellers in Nigeria, one for religious travellers in Saudi Arabia, one for religious travellers in Saudi Arabia, one for religious travellers in the East and one for foreign students.
As the experts in finance Pat Utomi and Uche Uwaleke explained to the BBC, there are many changes in the economy.
See some advantages of having a lot of changes:
He is involved in child trafficking
Pat Utomi explained that he is doing 'A human being has the opportunity to generate money in the land and put it into the market, but a person who has the need to generate money to produce goods in our country and nobody knows he will not help him.
'It is not good for business development.'
The whereabout of Abacha's money
The inflation: has it gone down in Nigeria?
In his remarks, Uche Uwaleke explained, 'According to Uche Uwaleke, 'As the amount of the change of the government is N305, a person is given the amount, he can remove the amount, and another person N365, get a reward. But if there is a change of currency, you cannot change it.'
He is encouraging growth and development in the country.
Uwaleke said that having a lot of changes makes many of them lazy.
The primary thing they will do is making cheap money, investing in products.
He is increasing the economy of the country.
Utomi said that 'If people get money change in the country to raise their children to school, it will make everyone wants to raise his child to school, the schools in our country will remain closed.
Saraki and Ekweremadu: people are saying about their persecution
Ekweremadu 'destroys his wealth'
I have added Nigeria's peace to Ekweremadu again
Senators of 109, if 108 people are in Ekweremmadu's house now, it means that they are all in his house.
Remember that the senate has decided today to leave the house of the senate president Ike Ekweremadu, where they were rescued today.
Ekweremadu was released from his house on Tuesday, causing him not to go to the high court today, where 14 senators took APC to PDP.
Uche Anichukwu, the spokesman of Ekweremadu, told Igbo BBC that the EFCC arrested him from his house in Abuja, that he was not DSS as we had previously said.
@MrBanksOmishore, a special counsel of Bukola Saraki, wrote the EFCC letter to Ekweremadu today on Twitter.
In the letter, the EFCC said that they want to investigate Ekweremadu for corruption, abuse of his license to him and stealing money known as money laundering.
As Saraki went to court and started 'plenary', he said that Ekweremdu has not gone, and said he would have tried to ensure that his administration is not broken.
President Sam Anyanwu said that he was in Ekweremadu's house yesterday, but there was no document showing that the police are searching for him.
After the plenary, the legislature decided that security workers should immediately leave the house of the senate president Ike Ekweremadu, so that he can get his mandate.
In this morning, Saraki was among the suspects to leave his house.
In other words, Nigeria's president Muhammadu Buhari thanked those who left the APC today to go well.
He said this through his Twitter account @MBuhari:
The EFCC blocked Ekweremadu's route in Abuja
The video showing where the EFCC was behind Ekweremadu's house:
Catholic priests have been sentenced to death
The high court has identified those who killed and killed Fada John Adeyi by suicide.
The court has issued a law to arrest activists
The Federal High Court in Makurdi, Benue state has decided to arrest two persons, Hartuna Idi and Suleiman Gina who were arrested and killed Fada John Adeyi until they died.
Remember that four people including Saidu Abdullahi and Aliyu Garba killed Fada Adeyi, a Catholic priest in Otakpo Dayosis, Benue state, and buried his body in a nearby farm in Otukpo in 2016
What I lost to the innocents
The father of Mikel Obi has been arrested by others
But after the police arrested them, they said that they had given the priest's family one million naira and a thousand naira (N1.7m) as his primary currency but they killed him when they saw the villagers started to bring him to their home where they killed him.
One of them said that he shot him with a gun, whereas two of them were sentenced to death today, Wednesday.
In a letter to the priest's family to the Daily Post, they expressed confidence that in the end, justice has reached them.
But they regretted that the decision resulted in a suicide attack by Adeyi, who is a professor.
The senate has attacked Ekweremadu
Saraki and Ekweremadu: people are saying about their persecution
APC is paying their corruption - Expert
He has a child that is the first born of the world?
The Igbo culture spoke about breast feeding in the olden days and its objectives are still present.
In the olden days, Igbo believes that the chiefs can make a difference
The arrival of a new child in any house brings great joy to everyone.
But there are some places in Igbo land where a new born child could be excited.
The villages like Igbuzo (Ibusa) in Delta state, where children are seen as special.
Who is the leader?
Some stories explained that the baby's newborn was due to the mother's request to give him a baby.
If you will kill the corpse that was killed in the olden days?
You know the Igbos' prayers in the olden days?
They are confident that the breast is a symbol of the corpse that they will know her.
They call the children 'Ezenwa'.
They are confident that their father is their father.
According to them, a healthy child will be a good child in the world because his body is strong and efficient, and that they will fight against heavy bandits during war.
But most of the problems are related to the chiefs.
It is now time for you to prepare your breasts properly.
Nso joins in the middle
Many of these athletes, have believed that a young boy will suffer a serious disease or die if a fever comes to his body.
It is a fight against a weak man.
Everyone who did this should give the child money quickly or support the money given to him.
The ceremony will stop the child from getting sick.
It is almost impossible for the mother to feed the baby with breast feeding.
The sacred ceremony
The news said that it is the babies who steal a child's breast.
Now, people are aware of the video that many people use their hands to fight
The child would have taken a position, becomes a spokesman.
The family would ask him what he wants to use for his breast feeding.
What he wants on that day, they will give him.
Uka Kraist
The whole Igbo land is where God's faith is alive.
This has made many Igbo cultures change.
Now, many Igbo youths are not aware that violence is involved in making every child alive in the world.
But they have taken the child to church while the priests prayed for him.
Doctor Anthony Mgbolu told BBC Igbo that the bottom is based on the family's ethnicity.
What Igbo language explains for the youths
The expert in African and linguistic studies at University of Lagos Chiagozie Nnabuihe explained to BBC Igbo that Igbo land in recent times had no opinion on the leaders.
Nnabuihe stated that if Igbo in the olden days have faith in their fathers they should give him name.
In his words: 'Dada is the name of the Yoruba.
The Igbos are saying that they have had a relationship with Yoruba.
But why is it a bad thing?
Nnamdi Daniels is a filmmaker
Many people we asked questions said that there is no good thing in the breast but in the end, many people see the breasts as evil.
Nnamdi Daniels a man with breast feeding told Igbo BBC that he was concerned about his breast feeding and his breast feeding.
In his words: 'I regret one time I went to the Niger State University.
The security started asking me questions concerning my body. This caused me serious injuries.'
The government has removed Codiene drugs for two million dollars
The ministry of health has deployed more than two million cases of breast cancer and is looking into other cases.
Codiene Powder
The youths and the youths have eaten a lot of rice
The federal government has said that they have removed more than two million drugs from the market in Nigeria.
Minister of Health, Professor Isaac Adewole said this when he visited his office to ensure that Codiene's problems came to show him their findings.
He also said this is for showing that the government is confident that their objective is to prevent corruption in Nigeria.
Codeine prevention: breast feeding has become expensive
Nafdac has dealt with Emzor and others
Adewole said that his office and the National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control were involved in the arrest.
Remember that in May this year, BBC released a video showing the increase in the drug trafficking in Nigeria.
It was the time the video came when the government said that they will fight diseases and drugs.
Government is saying that they are looking into other drugs that are my weakness.
The news that will interest you
2019 Election: See some Igbo children want to contest for president
What happened to the Igbos in these churches?
What made Igbo kidnapped people from the forest
The evil forest is where Igbo are fighting but is it a shame that they are killing those they killed in this forest?
The sick people
Igbo believes in different cultures
What caused Igbo to call a tiger tiger?
You know that a bush is still alive in Igbo land?
What is a bush salad?
The academic in African and English studies at the University of Lagos Chiagozie Nnabuihe explained to BBC Igbo that Igbo destroyed this bush, not a bush as many people call it now.
According to Igbo, tiger farms are where they live in the land.
This is also the place where they are arresting anyone from the land.
In Igbo land God is the most important, but God is behind it is the land.
Nnabuihe explained that Igbo land was believed that the land is the creation of the world.
He has a child that is the first born of the world?
If you will kill the corpse that was killed in the olden days?
The land is evil (evil land is evil)
Igbo believes in the land, knows everything, this means that there is nothing you can do with it.
The flood has remained in Igbo land since now
The land will treat this person immediately.
See the disease of the land that affects those who caused it
Ekpenta (Leprosy)
Another year
Quiz (Dropsy)
Ibi(hernia)
Nnabuihe explained that during that period, there was no disease that would be able to treat these diseases.
Everyone who suffers from this disease should be aware of his mistakes before he died.
If he is not aware of his mistake, they will leave him from the forest.
You know the Igbos' prayers in the olden days?
What you should not do in Igbo land
Other things such as killing a friend or wife, or killing a fellow, or killing a fellow and a cardiac arrest can also affect the two states of the country.
The killing of people is not a bad thing
As Nnabụihe explained, the removal of this person was aimed at protecting his children and family.
Krist's faith is the most sacred in Igbo land.
Igbo in the olden days believes that anyone who recognized the person has taken the heart of the land in his home.
Where is the tiger's paradise in Igbo land now?
The importance of Mbaise in Imo state
The fire in Okija
Mbitoolu ala Ogbaga
Ihiala
Arusi Okoja
Igbo culture has died
Nnabuihe said that this is the worst thing in Igbo land.
He said that: 'The various ethnic groups in Igbo land have invaded the land for Christ's coming to Igbo land, people have attacked many bushes, there is no one who kills this bush'
The news that will interest you
The woman is being seen on Twitter for what she said.
The new youths are looking into the social media.
Ahmed Musa: Al Nasr has arrested him today
He has said that Musa could go to Al Nasr but now, he has spoken.
Ahmed Musa
One person who people thought that he would join a football team would be Ahmed Musa.
But now, Musa has defeated Leicester City in the world cup defeated Al Nasr of Saudi Arebia.
They did not know how they got it from Leicester City but it is rumored that it was worth N30m.
You know how women use Super Eagles in work?
Super Eagles are ready as a new woman wants to play
World Cup 2018: Why Nigerians thank Ahmed Musa
Leicester City defeated CSKA Moscow in 2016 but he decamped to the position in 2017
After the World Cup, people thought he would go to Galatasaray because the supporters of the club called him very much.
The video above shows how his new friend called him 'always' and took him into their group.
As it is now, Ahmed Musa has not said anything about this popular issue.
Babatunde Fashola said Nigeria is fighting for electricity
If Babatunde Fashola's statement on the production of electricity is true, it would be a big thing for the Nigerian economy.
The tiger's corpse
Nigerian hotels are flooded for lack of water
Minister of Energy, Infrastructure and Building Babatunde Fashola said that the electricity produced in Nigeria has reached up to eight million megawatts.
Fashola said this in Kalaba, the capital of Kros Riva state yesterday.
The electricity would not be efficient for 2023- electricity workers
PHCN should give you three months before they shut down - Priest
Fashola is in the Department where the executives and the executives of the department are meeting.
He said that despite the work progressed as a matter of fact, his division has improved the rate of electricity in Nigeria more than what it was before they started in 2015.
Fashola called on three sections of Buhari government
Eight years ago, the news was that the production of electricity is a major problem we have in Nigeria.
The fire workers said that they do not have what they will give Nigerians.
Then, we are offering 2,690 megawatts to Nigerians, but the news has changed.
What we can now is 5,222 per cent, which is the highest since Nigeria emerged.
Now, the production is 7000 megawatts, and maintains 7000.
Trouble also exists, but we will say that we are going to continue.
The news that will interest you:
'Give your child permission to eat meat'
The Igbos are fighting in Kano
The four persons have been arrested in Port Harcourt
The way you can make your children happy during pregnancy
But without money and without money, see some things you and your children can do during this long period.
Students and Oprah Winfrey
Another time has come when students have special academic age because it is long.
Some parents have advised how they will take their children to school called 'Summer Lesson' but it is not all children that will like this.
If you do not know that they will call their children 'Summer Lesson', see what you can do for them.
Women want the government to pay their salaries
The 4 children of 12 were killed in Thailand's swimming pool
Buhari: Fight against child trafficking
Listen to them how water is burnt
The water fever is a way your children can move and learn how to maintain their self-sustainance and maintain their self-sustainance.
He will also help them to prepare well so that they can eat well and eat well.
Gbalia has called them today.
They were treated with various exercises and other exercises.
Listen to them how to dance
Igbo kwenu!
Does it have more music than a heavy music?
Mba!
We will teach his children?
Eeeeeee
He told them a long time ago
You know the first day of fire in Igbo land?
You know the name of the first man who came from a suicide attack?
You can enjoy this and protect your children.
One way you can do this is to invite them to a show in Igbo land.
Work
He asked them to go to a workshop where they will learn leadership.
This will help them learn a job that could give them food in the future if they don't get jobs at the end of school.
Otu Ọgbọ
In the end, if you are a good traditionalist, this long period is when you can put them in water or a bush in your country.
This will enable them to have a good understanding, understanding and understanding of Igbo culture and wherever it is effective.
The news that will interest you:
'Give your child permission to eat meat'
What happened to Igbo people in the bush?
The woman killed herself, while another woman took Tramadol
The scientists have said that it is a serious crime that has made many mistakes including new roads in Nigeria.
Edgal Imohimi
The Lagos state police commissioner Edgal Imohimi said that they have reduced the violence of the badoo group in Ikorodu
The police arrested a woman who stole herself to steal her 15 million naira in Ogun state.
Otherwise, the corpse attacked a man when he went to kill people and the corpse attacked him with Tramadol.
But the experts in human rights are psychologist in a spokesman in a spokesman in a spokesman in a spokesman in a spokesman in a spokesman in a spokesman in a spokesman in a spokesman in a spokesman in a spokesman in a spokesman in a spokesman in a spokesman in a spokesman in a spokesman in a spokesman in a spokesman in a spokesman in a spokesman in a spokesman in a spokesman in a spokesman in a spokesman in a spokesman in a spokesman in a spokesman in a spokesman in a spokesman in a spokesman in a spokesman in
The father of Mikel Obi has been captured by other dignitaries
Femi Joseph and his team attacked a drugstore robbing his proprietor but the gun shot Joseph when he saw the urine of the drug in the market.
The doctor explained that when they arrived the owner of the hospital, they shouted and went to the toilet.
As the spokesman of the police in Ondo state said, But as they did not get what they want, one of them started screaming because of the smell of Tramadol.
He died 24 hours after he died.
There was also a bottle of Tramadọl in his hand.
In other words, a woman named Hadijat Kabir and two other men including a man and a woman, including a man and a woman, killed her and paid her 15 million naira.
The spokesman of the police in Lagos state Imohimi Edgal, said that it was his complaint that they started investigation to find out that he was his wife and the police.
Okammuta in human rights and a professor at Ebonyi State University, Nnachi Amos said, that it is not the main reason behind the shape of the tree but the evil that is now.
Some are dangerous by eating rice.
He was in the Federal Neuro-Pychiatric Hospital in Yaba, Lagos, Chinyere Okonkwo believed in what Amos said.
They are very well prepared.
You see, mining is not a simple job.
Crime and corruption are equal.
The news that will interest you:
Ozubulu Church Massacre: One year ago
Does a man and a woman be friends?
What you should not do in Igbo land
The patient has died after eight days
The police in Ondo state has said that a man who has not been arrested for his injuries has died.
The hungry person
Doctor BBC asked questions that he was supposed to go for treatment
The Ondo police spokesman Femi Joseph has told journalists that a suspected drug suspect has died according to the News Agency of Nigeria.
Remember that she was sick since the police arrested her on August 5 where she was given drugs.
Joseph said that the victim died in a hospital in the state where the English doctors are trying to pay her.
The survivor should be given a medical treatment- Dibia bekee
The lawyer Evans has denied his judgment
What happens to the musician?
In his words, 'The suspect died after twenty-one days we arrested him.
We believed that we would arrest him because he helped us in our research, but he died yesterday.
This could be from the medicine he took.
We use this opportunity to encourage mothers and fathers to understand their relationship.'
The news said that the suspect went to kill a drug trader but the suspect killed the bullet.
He and his team started collecting one person, Daudu Wale's corpse, where he went to buy drugs where he was killed by one of them.
The news that will interest you:
What will you tell Nnamdi Kanu when you meet him?
There is a new baby in Onitsha today
Buhari and Osinbajo will meet in 2019?
Three things you can start with N10,000
He said that his words fueled a lot of questions among those involved in the matter in Nigeria and the federal government.
Other news is the story of a Igbo woman called Mama Boko Haram.
Aisha Wakil told Igbo BBC how she kidnapped the children of Boko Haram today
The famous news that Nigeria birthed three children after thirty years of age, gave Igbo and Nigerians happiness.
Abaribe's words about the corruption in 2018
The world cup also attracted Igbo people.
World Cup: The 'looking ahead' has said that Super Eagles will win the final
Other part of it is the story of the killing of twenty-one Ipob women in Owere.
The women are in the house today.
Our women are not obeying any law-Okaiwu Ipob
IPOB women have been arrested in Owere
The flood caused disaster in Igbo land in 2018
The news fueled the fight against IVF.
Three Igbo women from Regina Pacis School in Onitsha also applauded the Igbos when they won Technovation 2018 by being the best in the world.
The news that will interest you:
Three goals will commence on January 1 - Nigerian military
Green Revolution: What Shagari produced Nigerians
How to avoid violence in a ceremony
Second Niger Bridge as a promised woman's promise
Igbo Tradition: Why women are killed in Igbo land
Many times as people ask why a woman is killed in some parts of Igbo land, the news explained it.
Nwoke and a woman joined
Igbo is not accepting a man and a woman who are not pregnant
'There are reports of some youths or females who believed in themselves, and agreed on marriage as a couple, but they did not make the tradition of marriage as they should.
However, there are certain tragic incidents in this situation, especially a woman living in the house of the man who died without any wedding ceremony held in the tradition.
The name of a woman in Igbo land
Three things that affect women
What is the culture that will stop in Igbo land?
As it is, this is being added to the families of different families.
In this situation, some communities in Igbo land, made it a law that a man will leave his wife and her husband alive, which he does not do when he is alive.
What happened to use a woman's breast feeding:
In Igbo land, it is not accepted that a man has killed a woman, if he does not want something in his hands.
If he did the case of the court, it is expected that he will be able to do something like the parents want.
As a historian, Nze Olueze Ụkaejuoha (Duruagwu Second) in Umuakara, Isu in Nwangele of Imo state, told BBC Igbo, the law is a good act in their country, which has different challenges.
One who is not living in life, he died in death, is the way many communities do.
But in Akọkwa, also in Imo state, the plan is not accepted, while the mother's family comes to take their baby and put it in their house.
The way you eat a woman in the breast:
The person would come and tell the children that their child is alive (he would not leave the way to tell them that she is dead).
They will invite him to visit their child, when they see her body, they will accuse the man of killing their child, which will make him angry.
In order to show that he did not kill him he would agree to kill the girl
He will come to kill him
He will fight against the parents of his children and his wife have died
The man will continue to perform his wedding ceremony.
What will happen to a woman who wants to be pregnant:
According to Nze Ụkaejuoha, these are what will happen to a woman who does not have a heart in the body:
The person will get justice in different ways
The evil also affects the person
What does not affect this group very well?
The person also could die of suicide
But the person can shift, repent if all the threats started to affect him.
What the person will do if he shifts
If the man refused to listen and then refused to move because of his knee injuries, these things will be done:
The person will advise the residents of their community to come to make the land happy.
He will be given justice by knowing that he had done what he needs to do in two steps.
Nigeria 2019 elections: The leadership of the candidates – Muhammadu Buhari
The Nigerian president Muhammadu Buhari takes the title as the fourth president under his administration.
President Muhammadu Buhari
President Muhammadu Buhari is waiting for the election to be the fourth president of Nigeria.
He came to power in December 1983 (1984) when Nigerian soldiers took power, but some of his soldiers defeated Buhari in 1985.
The BBC meeting continues now
Buhari went on to become president from his political party in 2015, after his efforts to get the fourth mandate.
As when he was elected as a soldier, Buhari had no name about the rights to a person.
Although he is in a political position, many people are angry for Buhari's refusing to release them as the court says.
The 76-year-old man took a job in 2015, and promised to fight against corruption and corruption, and boost Nigeria's economy.
The four years are coming to end but many people don't agree that what he did is visible.
He promised to defeat Boko Haram in Nigeria attacking those who want to divide the Eastern Region of Nigeria, but recently, the armed forces are offering Buhari's ambition to establish a new country in the Eastern Region of Nigeria, but recently, the armed forces are offering Buhari's desire to leave the area.
The spokesmen believe that Buhari will fight against a party that is not in the leadership of the PDP — Atiku Abubakar is also a political activist and also a native of Nigeria as Buhari.
Buhari was a member of the All Progressives Congress (APC) who was known as the leader of the Left in Nigeria, despite many people see his victory as a sign of corruption.
The news that will interest you:
It took a little time for 'Eke II' to Nnamdi Kanu - Buratai
I am not ready for corruption in the 2019 election'- Atiku
Nigeria Election 2019: Candidates and their representatives
You know six of the top 10 persons in the 2019 president election?
BBC will attack them in the dead
The winners of the presidency
See six people who contest for the presidency of the most popular people and their relatives:
As the Nigerian Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) issued a report showing that more than 70 million people contested for the presidency in 2019, BBC Igbo wants to show you the best names.
The support of the election in the East has flooded
I will not be like Tinubu to tell people who they will support
Peter Obi will not give you money but he will support any good job.
In the six persons and their vices, there are three women; one is the president and the other is the vice.
Muhammadu Buhari and Yemi Osinbajo
Buhari and Osinbajo have governed Nigeria since 2015 under the All Progressives Congress (APC) party.
Who is Muhammadu Buhari?
He was born on twenty-seventh of December 1942
He has ruled Nigeria two times; as a soldier and a soldier
He won three times (2003, 2007 and 2011) before he was elected in 2015
In the same way he is president, he is also the Minister of Agriculture.
Who is Yemi Osinbajo?
He was born on the seventh of March 1957
He is a priest in the Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG)
He won the post of President Buhari in 2015
He is also a lawyer.
2) Atiku Abubakar and Peter Obi
Atiku and Obi are contesting for Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the 2019 election
Who is Atiku Abubakar?
He was born on twenty-fourth of November 1946
He was the vice president from 1999 to 2007
He has won the presidency as a member of his party; in 2007 under AC and 2018 under PDP
He is a money maker with many businesses
Who is Peter Obi?
He was born on twenty-seventh of July 1961
He took the governor of Anambra state under APGA in 2003 but he did not appear in court till March 2006 when he won in court, but he was arrested in November 2006.
He returned to his house in February 2007, and went on May when Andy Uba won him, but the court said that he was released for four years.
He went to prison as Anambra governor in 2014 when he won two times
He is a specialist in finance.
3) Oby Ezekwesili and AbdulGaniyu Galadima
Galadima is also the leader of the Allied Congress Party of Nigeria (ACPN) they want to take office
Who is Oby Ezekwesili?
He was born on twenty-seventh of April 1963
He was the Minister of environmental damage from 2005 to 2006 and of education from 2006 to 2007
He joined 'Bring Back Our Girls (BBOG)' which is responsible for Chibok children since 2014
He wins, she will be the first woman to be president in Nigeria
Who is Ganiyu Galadima?
She was born in June 1964
He studied at Kwara State University where he later became one of the governors of the university.
He was the former president under ACPN in 2015
He is a trader
4) Kingsley Moghalu and Umma Getso
Moghalu and Getso are contesting for Young Progressive Party (YPP)
Who is Kingsley Moghalu?
He was born on seventh May 1963
This is the first time he represents Nigerian politics
He studied and got a certificate as lawyer in the university
He is also a specialist in the economy.
He was listed as directon in the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) in English.
Who is Umma Getso?
she was born in 1981
He is the chairman of the YPP party
He is a lawyer, and a practitioner in charge of women's rights.
Omoyele Sowore and Rabiu Ahmed Rufai
Sowore and Rufai compete in African Action Congress (AAC)
Who is Omoyele Sowore?
He was born on twenty-seventh of February 1971
He is a lawyer and a lawyer.
He started him when he was in university
He inaugurated the Sahara Reporters office
He joined the AAC party in August 2018
Who is Rabiu Ahmed Rufai?
she was born on twenty-seventh of July 1976
He is a doctor or doctor who is a specialist in health.
He took a lecture at Bayero University in Kano
Fela Durotoye and Khadijah Abdullahi-Iya
Durotoye and Abdullahi-Iya are governing under Alliance for New Nigeria (ANN)
Who is Fela Durotoye?
He was born on May 2 in 1971
He went to Obafemi Awolowo University in Ile-Ife
He is a counselling person who teaches people how money can be used, and is also a counselling person.
He takes the position of President under Alliance for New Nigeria (ANN)
Who is Khadijah Abdullahi-Iya?
He was the chairman of Women Community of Africa (WCA) and 'Rags to Riches (R2R)'
He is also a legislator
What person you will join?
Imo Election Results: Seven things Uche Nwosu said
Only Uche Nwosu came to BBC igbo meeting for governorship position in Owere Imo state.
Igbo went to Owere when BBC Igbo organised a meeting of the governors in Imo state but it was a surprise to Imo people that only one of the four people should promise BBC Igbo that they will come to the meeting.
The APC spokesman in Imo state has arrested Uche Nwosu
Imo APC Primaries: Uche Nwosu is appointed as the governor of Imo
The winners of Imo's victory were Emeka the PDP, Hope Uzodimma of APC and Ifeanyi Ararume of APGA.
The Igbo BBC spokesman Adline Okere said that it was far from Ararume who told him that he could not come because he was starting to prepare his votes.
It was the ceremony which started with a glass of rice.
In the meeting immediately, Uche Nwosu promised that he will pay N30m as a minimum wage if the federal government grants him.
Nwosu also went on to say that his party has no candidate to represent President Muhammau Buhari.
Other thing he said is; 'There is no thing in my manifesto I will not do.'
Seven things Uche Nwosu said:
Uche Nwosu from APC joined AA to contest for governorship election in Owere Imo state
Nwosu explained what he will do to Imo state if he won the governorship election in March 2019.
Buhari for President: 'One AA could kill Uche Nwosu'
It is not true that Action Alliance has not killed Uche Nwosu - Obidiche
The world, see what he did in a minute and minute:
I will get a certificate from a church meeting.
I will make health accessible for children, pregnant women and elderly people.
I will make youths come to work
I know what is going on in politics.
I will make a tribute to those who have killed lives to Imo
I will pay a minimum wage of N30m if the federal government announces it
I will look into the cost of healthcare.
The news that will interest you:
Uzodimma, Ihedioha and Ararume did not attend BBC Igbo meeting
Atiku came to America he has questions he will answer us-Lai Mohammed
Nigerians are saying about Atiku's travel to America
Atiku: Abuja flooded as Atiku went to America
The news about Atiku Abubakar's victory, the explosion of Guinness company, President Buhari and the social economy, Onnoghen's death, Mexico crash and others are among others.
Akuko is important:
The PDP and those who are interested in Atiku Abubakar's activities went to the Nnamdi Azikiwe airport in Abuja to get Abubakar, who went to America.
Atiku and the President of Nigeria Bukola Saraki took two days to the country where as Atiku explained, he visited the country where as Atiku explained, he had a meeting with the federal government and the banks.
Atiku will participate in the presidency summit which would be held on Saturday in Abuja.
The fire burnt in Guinness's manufacturing facility
The fire burnt the Guinness restaurant in Osisioma Industrial Layout, Aba, Abia state on Friday.
The fire that took place for 24 hours was the contractors, and other nearby contractors, the police and the community helped to rescue it.
The spokesman of Guiness Nike Onakoya told Igbo BBC that the fire has not killed the person because he has done a great thing.
He also said that the production of their wines is in Benin and Ogba, Lagos Breweries.
It is not a tragedy or tragic incident because Aba's collapse was because of corruption and killed only few workers.
Where we made the place of production of kolanut is in Benini and Ogba (Legos).
It is a fake news that anyone wants to kill Onnoghen
Femi Adesina was a well known journalist before his appointment in the president's office.
The House of Assembly has said that the news that the government wants to arrest the Supreme Court of Nigeria, Jọstis Onnoghen is false.
The spokesman of Muhammadu Buhari Femi Adesina stated on his Facebook page that the 'fake news' that they accused the Coalition of United Political Parties (CUPP)
Donald Trump: Progress has been achieved in the fight against Nọt Kori virus
The US government shutdown in the last week because the senate did not support their football
The American president Donald Trump has said that there has been progress in the fight against corruption in Nigeria.
He said it differently in what the experts said that he did not have a way to go.
Liverpool and Crystal Palace defeated him
In sports,
Liverpool defeated Crystal Palace with three goals in Saturday's premier league.
Government will sell their wealth to those involved in crime
President Muhammadu Buhari has said that his government will invest in corruption and fraud.
Buhari said this in Kaduna where the election was held today.
He said that the suicide was because he did not want to do what he said in 1985, is to refund these debt.
The Nigerian House of Assembly has embarked on a visit to Onnoghen
The news reports that the Federal Government has appealed to the Code of Conduct court to remove the judge Walter Onnoghen from his position as the Supreme Court of Nigeria and the head of the National Judicial Council.
The person who added it was in the CCT is the Nigerian King Abubakar Malami
In abroad
The number of two persons have died in Mexico because of electricity flooding the vehicle.
Many others injured in the incident in Hidalgo state in Mexico.
In sports
When Lobi Stars and Heartland FC came
Lobi Stars of Nigeria will meet Asec Mimosas of Ivory Coast today in Abidjan in their second match in CAF Champions League.
Lobi scored four goals to one when Mamolodi Sundowns defeated Mamolodi Sundowns in Enugu.
Listen to these minutes here:
See today's video:
Obasanjo: 'We want a genuine president and genuine'
The Nigerian president Olusegun Obasanjo has stated many interesting things about what he said in Nigeria now and what he wants Nigerians to do about it.
Obasanjo
Olusegun Obasanjo has said that he is not aware that Inec will make a suspension in the next month.
If they want to contest without delay, the current government would not give them opportunity.
Obasanjo has started a meeting with Obasanjo
The government has been added in 2019-Obasanjo
Obasanjo said this when he presented his 'Points for concern and action' in his home in Abeokuta.
He said that what Nigeria wants now is a genuine leader and able to lead the country.
Obasanjo said that Nigerians did little what Buhari did to them since he was in office.
In his words, 'Buhari took us first, we would be happy or we want him to attack us again.'
He joined Buhari's administration with the military commander of Nigeria, Sanni Abacha when he was alive as president.
The news that will interest you:
My mother died because of money does not interest her
You know Igbo language well?
Day 28: Do you know the number of 91 parties in Nigeria?
#BBCNigeria2019
Atiku came to America he has questions he will answer us-Lai Mohammed
Olusegun Obasanjo: What Atiku did to Buhari
Obasanjo told BBC that he checked what Buhari has done and noticed that Atiku scored two goals.
In his interview with BBC Yoruba, the Nigerian President Olusegun Obasanjo said about the current Vice President and the 2019 Democratic Party, Atiku Abubakar.
He said that his reply is now that he will call Atiku to Buhari because of what Buhari has done.
The winners among them are APC and PDP.
From what I learned from Buhari- nothing but a job and a weakness, weakness, weakness, weakness, weakness, weakness, weakness, weakness, weakness, weakness, weakness, weakness, weakness, weakness, weakness, weakness, weakness, weakness, weakness, weakness, weakness, weakness, weakness, weakness, weakness, weakness, weakness, weakness, weakness, weakness, weakness, weakness, weakness, weakness, weakness, weakness, weakness, weakness, weakness, weakness, weakness, weakness, weakness, weakness, weakness and other
Atiku will win two more than Buhari
He also said about Boko Haram and Independence National Electoral Commission (INEC).
Obasanjo explained that he believed that President Muhammadu Buhari was loyal to Atiku, which made him rap to support the youths among the 73 senators in Nigeria.
He also said what happened before the military attacked Odi town in 1999, when more than 2500 people died by the soldiers.
The meeting will be held on the 22nd of Jan. 2019.
The youth also said that people are not taking drugs because they don't use their money to go to the hospital.
According to Oriuiakhi, 'this is a type of evil that some of the insecticides that are used for insecticides caused some of these insecticides to die.'
Three things you don't know about breast cancer
He said that some who go to Kemist, took illegal drugs from the doctors.
This will mean that when they took the drug, it will not work in their body.
He also said that this is a serious crisis in the health sector.
What will make the anti-malaria drug work as it should?
The people should have good training on how to take preventive drugs.
Only when the doctor has given the person these drugs is when it should be used.
Nutrition: breast feeding is not about your baby's health
The prescribes of drugs should not be used to kill a person if the person did not have his doctor's certificate.
'Culture and Sensitivity' needs to be done before giving people drugs.
The person who does not go to the hospital will be examined and given appropriate drugs.
The health workers should explain to people the need to know how to take preventive drugs.
The news that will interest you
The lack of money for the restructuring of Imo state
The closure of the Nigerian capital office and what it means
What will happen if you stop using a bottle of rice?
Nigeria Vs Ukraine: Flying Eagles have defeated Flying Eagles
Nigerians attacked Tijani Mohammed as Naijira during their match with Ukraine on Thursday.
Ademola Olajire
The Flying Eagles scored a profit in their match in Ukraine
Nigeria and Ukraine defeated themselves in the U20 World Cup which Nigeria and Ukraine won on Thursday.
But Nigerians are not happy as the Flying Eagle players have thrown their 'band' out of the stadium as they played a year ago.
Nigerians are angry at the prediction of Tijani Mohammed of Flying Eagle as Nigeria is playing for a championship.
Tijani scored a penalty, the Ukraine goalkeeper remembered him after a few minutes before the match.
This happened as Danylo Sikan of Ukraine scored their first goal.
But Tijani stopped himself when he scored another goal in 47th minuite of the match.
Many Nigerians took their heart out of Tijani's sight.
See what some said:
@10Qmedia said that Tijani Muhammed is the best player in Nigerian football.
@vic_MLS lamented that Tijani lost the opportunity for the match.
@rappatek said that the Flying Eagles team had defeated Tijani during the match.
@SSnetwork said that they did not have a chance to play.
Jane Ada: I use the language of Ndigbo to show the world of the identity of Ndigbo
Jane Ada a Igbo woman living in America explained how she discovered some of the people in Igbo land.
Jane Ada a lawyer and a lawyer said that it was through manipulation that she explained some of the Igbo people.
Jane took a secondary school in Enugu before going to work said that she was struggling when it started but that it was God who gave her the special gift.
The projects he has created include Amadioha and Ala, two well known projects in Igbo land.
Listen to how he did this and his objectives on Igbo language and language.
The reporters: Chioma Nkemdilim and Nnamdi Agbanelo
Women's World Cup 2019: Super Falcons and Super Eagles compete in football
Some women journalists have explained some of the problems of women's football in Nigeria.
The journalists in sports are also females have said that Super Falcons of Nigeria are better in football than their men.
They said that despite this that people as well as women are not interested in women's football in Nigeria and Africa.
They continued to say that the government is not investing money in women's soccer as they do in women's soccer despite the fact that women are more productive than men.
In this case, there are no news about women's competitions in Nigeria.
Nigeria vs Norway: Nigeria has defeated France today
Norway has scored three goals to Super Falcons in the Women's World Cup in France.
Norway and Nigeria in the world cup of nations in France
Norway has scored three goals to Nigeria in the Women's World Cup, which started in France today.
The Norway women played as a man while Nigerians played as a man until they reached their maturity.
France scored Super Falcon
What made women's football not interest you?
Norway's first goal reached Reiten about thirty-seven minutes (17') and the second about thirty-seven minutes (34') from Utland.
The victory of Nigeria was shown in Ohale's face which made Nigerian winner fourth in 37 minutes (37'.
As this happened, Nigeria got a certificate from Francisca Ordega and Desire Oparanozie who was the source of the certificate in 13 minutes.
Norway scored three goals against Nigeria when I defeated Nigeria when I defeated Nigeria.
In Saturday's evening, the Women's World Cup came to France which is Nigeria and 24 countries in it.
Nigeria is among the winners of the A competition which started in Auguste Delaune Stadium in France.
Nigeria and South Koria will meet on Wednesday at 2pm in Stade des Alpes, Grenoble.
Spain has defeated South Africa in the market.
The news that will interest you
The Supreme Court in Abuja has launched another AIT
NBC has removed AIT, Ray Power's rights
What made women's football not interest you?
Nigeria vs South Korea: Falcons have defeated
The Falcons Nigerians have scored two goals against Sawụt Koria.
Osha of Nigeria
France's football team has collapsed as the Nigerian Falcons have defeated.
Nigeria's first goal came from Sawụt Korea when Kim Do-yeon defeated them in 29th minuite.
This happened because the investigation was initiated through VAR technology before the release of the goal.
Asisat Oshoala showed that Sawụt Koria in Nigeria did not play for children in 75 minutes.
Nigeria vs Norway: Norway has defeated Nigeria
He scored a goal which made Nigeria won the match.
Finally, Nigeria won the match as Norway won them in their first match.
George Weah has killed Buhari in Abuja
The president of Liberia George Weah came to meet President Muhammadu Buhari on Thursday in the office of the government in Abuja.
Weah came to meet Buhari
George Weah and Muhammadu Buhari
The president of Liberia George Weah came to meet President Muhammadu Buhari on Thursday in the office of the government in Abuja.
As a spokesman on social media posted on Twitter, the president of the two countries had a meeting on the matter of the relationship between the two countries as he aimed at protecting and economic development.
Chiji Collins has been elected as the governor of Imo state.
The new governors in Imo state have arrested Maazi Chiji Collins as their spokesman.
The woman, who represents Isiala Mbano state government, is a representative of the Isiala Mbano state government.
He was elected without a lawyer.
This is the second time he went to the court as he was first elected in 2015.
The Uloomeiwu also elected Okechukwu Onyekanma, who represents Mbaitoli of the state as his vice.
The governor has removed the breast of a girl in Ekiti
The Ilasa Ekiti Local Government Area in Ekiti State is in trouble now because of the death of a woman who was accused of killing her.
The officer who has not been named him took the girl from the road where she went to fetch water and killed herself on Tuesday.
Nwoke has fired a woman in his family for asking her friend
Nwoke has killed his wife for boxing
The governor of the town, Ajayi Omolagba said that the governor first killed the murder by his family according to Fulani law.
But the family of the girl asked to invite her to a man who caused the killing of the girl.
The police in Ekiti state said that this happened, that they have arrested the man through their arrest.
The fire burnt shops in Port Harcourt
River state government has confirmed that it is a fire in Port Harcourt Shopping Mall.
The state governor Tammy Danagogo told the officer that they will shut down the market so that people start trading today.
The governor has been arrested in Katsina
The military has killed many people in Benue and other states in Nigeria
The news reaching us is that the dead have captured one man in Garin Labo in Kastina state.
The king was in his farm when the soldiers went to fight.
In abroad
The news has emerged that Mexico's president, Andres Obrador has said that he would take the president's aircraft to fight against his country to invade America.
Obrador said that he would travel publicly to ensure that he fulfilled his promises for America's independence.
In sports, Enyimba FC won the title as the best in Africa in 2003
In sports, Enyimba has defeated Nigeria Premier league with three goal against Akwa United yesterday.
Enyimba scored twenty-two goals in five matches, where Reuben Bala, Stanley Dimgba and Abdulrahman Bashir scored Enyimba a goal.
Listen to these stories here:
Child trafficking: The police have arrested children in Imo state
The police in Imo said that Immaculata Edward captured and kidnapped 5 children from one family in Ngọr Akpala in the state.
The suspects arrested the children
The 'Operation Puff Adder' division of Imo State Police has arrested a man whose primary duty is killing children.
In the 24th of April, 2019, Immaculata Edward said that she was 31 years old from Okondo in Cros Riva State took five children and gave him a man named Ifara Isong in Ngor Okpala in Imo State.
NAPTIP has arrested kidnappers
The kidnapper has been arrested because of child trafficking
Immaculata took five children of his friend who were their parents who told him to remember them.
The children are family members including; Somto Eke, a six-year-old woman, Kelechi Ekeh, a six-year-old man.
Others are Chisom Ekeh, a three-year-old woman, Ebuka Enwerem, a three-year-old man, Chioma Enwerem, a five-year-old woman and Lucky Ida, a six-year-old man.
Children have been adopted in their family
Immaculata called them to the famous lawyer in the child trafficking, Perpetual Iwuji from Obokwu Ulakwo, Imo State.
Perpetual called two children of these and took them to Grace Nwachukwu from Aboh Mbaise and resided in Mpape Abuja.
Immaculata also took two children from her mother from Cross River State and took them to Ifeoma Ndubuisi from Lokpanta Abia State.
The child was born with his parents
According to the investigation by the police, all children were captured and taken to custody of their families.
In the study, five children were taken to Perpetual Iwuji and taken to a school where children are supervised.
The suspects in this case include Perpetual Iwuji, Isong Ifara, Immaculata Edward, Grace Nwachukwu, Ifeoma Ndubuisi and Stephen Ezenwa.
The kidnapping of children is not known about in the Eastern Region of Nigeria.
The news that will interest you:
There is nothing like President Igbo - Okorocha
Does a woman who has a breast feeding does not have a breast feeding?
Rochas Okorocha has continued to work as the Nigerian president
AFCON 2019: Winners and Winners
The action will lead to the African Cup of Nations which will commence on 30th of June in Ijipt.
Africa's culture
Inec Server: 'We have gathered all card readers in one place on the computer'
Inec said that all winners of the 2019 election were on their computer.
Festus Okoye and Emeka Unachukwu
Inec spokesman Festus Okoye has stated that the company had no 'Server' which gave them the opportunity to cancel the 2019 election.
Okoye said that Nigerian law does not give them the opportunity to do the same.
Garba Court has suspended Atiku and Buhari's case
The House has said to continue for 2019 elections.
In his words, 'The Nigerian law gives the right to remove all elections which are held in the EC8A framework where they will be separated from each other.'
The Nigerian way we do it is election does not require a polling station to send any information.
'Collation Officers' as it is their job to take these documents to the appropriate place.
It is not when we use a zip file to announce the election.
Okoye said that their names in the 2019 election were on the computer, and given all the party names.
The absence of 'Incident Form' will stop corruption in the election
He stated that 'it is only when using a cylinder and a cylinder will be checked'.
He said that he did not know about the 2019 election.
In the same way BBC also asked journalist Emeka Unachukwu what is'server'?
Unachukwu said that 'Server' is a group of papers that combines other papers to generate various messages'.
He said that Inec could say that they do not have'server' because there are other companies that have been destroyed but it is not true that they do not have'server'.
He said that Intanet has a'server' where many people send their messages.
Unachukwu said that 'Inec will not say that they are not aware that they have access to data because they have access to data.
They can call this 'data base' but it is not a source for that the committee includes other persons who can steal or steal from it'.
He said that the arrival of the Inec did not have a server'.
They call people to bring PVC their wanted for election
Unachukwu said that if the corpse was taken from the corpse, Inec would add it to his'server'.
But they may say that they have not added 2019 to the server which showed that they have not done their jobs.
The news that will interest you
The way you can prevent HIV from infecting your baby
What do the Nigerians do in Nigeria?
Payment of two months in a month - Abia teachers
See our video
World Blood Donor Day 2019: What people think about giving blood
As today is a time of remembering breast cancer BBC Igbo asked people what they want about breast cancer.
Today is the World blood donor day which is called 'World blood Donor Day 2019'.
BBC Igbo asked people about breast feeding and breast feeding.
Listen to them.
Diabetes and Dementia: How you can use chocolate as a supplement to fight diabetes
Listen to this article to learn how you can use good food to boost your breasts and strengthen your muscles.
The fruits and vegetables were advised to eat fruits.
The knowledge of healthy foods will give you long life and health.
Do you know seven foods that can help you solve the challenges of breast cancer?
The world's millions of people are affected by a global crisis which causes violence and academic challenges, including over 100 million people receiving this annual mortality rate (WHO).
Although it has been found that breast feeding is involved in breast feeding, but there is no knowledge and support.
The red wine, Kofị, and Chokolade have been popular as a sacred wine for child problems.
But, there is truth in these things?
The story of Sheila Dillon a BBC worker discovered when she asked the professors about the matter.
According to you, these foods help for your health:
The food coming from the water
Healthy protein, rich in nutrients and processed in Omega Fatty Acids.
The consumption of rice at least once or once in a salad is very important for the child.
'vine' and other species are related to it.
Bring a bottle of wine to your body
The fruits such as Strawberries and blueberries have a barrier to the beginning of the child's education.
A salad and various salads
A combination of various types of foods provide healthy and healthy breast feeding.
The consuming 30mg of rice, rice, rice, rice, rice, rice, rice, rice, rice, rice, rice, rice, rice, rice, rice, rice, rice, rice, rice, rice, rice, rice, rice, rice, rice, rice, rice, rice, rice, rice, rice, rice, rice, rice, rice, rice, rice, rice, rice, rice, rice, rice, rice, rice, rice, rice, rice, rice, rice, rice, rice, rice, rice, rice, rice, rice, rice, rice, rice, rice, rice, rice, rice, rice,
It is a good thing to eat
The rice gives blood and protects the child's breast
He said that rice and other foods are feeding babies, the person knows what he is saying.
Vịtamịn B
Vetnamin B : it is used to play music
The number of people with breast cancer contributed to Vịtamịn B showed a good understanding of the development of breast cancer.
You eat a lot of kolanut oil?
'Let us thank the indigenes of Olmec-Mexico for showing the world the benefits of kolanut consumption.
Kolanut is good for breast feeding and breast feeding.
But also remember to eat kolanut which has a high blood pressure.
Ubebekee
You can get Ubebekee wildlife all over the world
What contributed to making the English popular in the world is because it helps for better health.
Now have you seen your eyes?
The foods that you don't get and have other things you can't get and have other things you can't find in your life.
But also remember, these foods are not good for your body, they are making your body happy!
The programme is a revolutionary edition of 'Diet and Dementia', a special edition of BBC's The Food Programme.
Mikel Obi: What happened to me or not to win AFCON cup
The coach of Super Eagles has said that it was a win for them to compete in AFCON 2019.
Mikel Obi
President of the Nigerian Democratic Party - Mikel Obi
Mikel Obi who will lead the Super Eagles of Nigeria to Ijipt for the African Cup of Nations called AFCON 2019 has said that he does not come to play because winning and winning the AFCON trophy is very difficult for him.
He has spent six years Mikel Obi has joined the African Cup of Nations.
This was the time Nigeria won in South Africa.
Mikel will not contest in Poland
Mikel Obi is not happy
The father of Mikel Obi has been arrested by others
Another time Mikel played in Africa was in 2006 and 2010 when the Super Eagles defeated the fourth.
In this AFCON season, Mikel will lead the youths to the semifinals of this year in Ijipt.
Mikel said: 'Although the Eagles currently are not old enough to compete with other African countries like it, the competition will give players like Samuel (chukwueze) and Paul (Onuachu) the opportunity to show their talents.
I also have hoped that we would go to fetch and throw a bottle of wine.'
Super Eagles team
He also said that he was happy how Super Eagles struggled despite their victory in the Iko Mba Uwa Cup.
Mikel believed that the match would be easy but he believed that the support and support of Super Eagles will help them win the match.
Remember that Mikel Obi defeated Nigeria in 2005 when Super Eagles and the Libyan Cup defeated.
Mikel said this match could be his second in Super Eagles jersey.
He said; 'whatever it is will I try to make it better.'
Ukraine and U20 world cup: South Korea has defeated South Korea in the U20 world cup
Ukraine has defeated South Korea with three goals in the world cup.
Ukraine vs South Korea
Ukraine's players have scored three goals to one against South Korea and defeated the world cup of nations in Poland today.
The win came when South Korea's players scored a penalty on the day's stadium and five minutes after Lee Kang-in scored their goal.
Flying Eagles have defeated the government
Nigeria has defeated in AFCON U20 competition
But Ukraine told South Korea that they were not happy when Vladyslav Supriaga scored the goal in 30 minutes.
Vladyslav Supriaga said that it was not a bad day when he scored his second goal against South Korea.
The Korea also played a lot of times but Ukraine told them that it is not long that my baby has died when they scored three goals by Giorgi Tsitaishvili in twenty-one minutes.
The kolanut was taken from South Korea
The world defeated South Korea when the heavy rain started at the end of the competition.
This is the first time Ukraine has attacked the world cup after England took it two years ago.
The news that will interest you
What did I do or not do for AFCON' - Mikel Obi
The Supreme Court has taken Chimaroke to another level.
He wants them to have a good leadership.
Igbo women wear a good dress.
Igbo women are looking for courageous women
Whatever man contributes to him, a Igbo woman will support him.
They want to participate in any job, they do not want to be alone.
What a woman wants to do, it will do it well.
The news that will interest you:
INEC believes in card reader
China has taken Xi president to death
Rwanda: Climate Change has killed churches
Dapchi children: A clash between Buhari and Jonathan
The clash between Buhari and Jonathan has been between Buhari and Jonathan for Dapchi's killing in the Eastern Region of Nigeria.
Buhari started visiting various cities in Nigeria including Taraba, Plateau, Benue before going to Yobe.
President Mohammadu Buhari said that he was like the previous president, Goodluck Jonathan looking into the education of children.
He said this yesterday when he made a visit to Dapchi of Yobe State, where the children were kidnapped last month.
He accused Jonathan's administration of rejecting Chibok students when they were arrested in 2014, saying that it was unimaginable.
Some of the students are rejected
But Buhari's words have reached different responses from many people.
The spokesman of Bring Back Our Girls, Sesugh Akume has said that the president is not ready.
Akume said, 'This is four years of Chibok children, now he lives in Dapchi as Buhari's administration did the same thing Jonathan did in his time.
He has reached one month for the children, but now the government is coming to the place.
They did not hear all the words they heard that Dapchi children have been released.
President told Dapchi's parents that he will release the children
The special counsel of Jonathan, Reno Omokiri said that Buhari's son Yusuf Buhari has more power than Dapchi children.
He said that during Chibok kidnapped children, Jonathan called a security meeting, while Buhari canceled the security meeting during Dapchi kidnapped children.
He also said during Yusuf Buhari's accident that Buhari took all his vehicles, and went to visit his baby in the hospital.
The news that will interest you:
Dapchi's parents have invaded Abuja
Other spokesman Femi Fani-Koyede on his twitter;
The spokesman of Jonathan was Reuben Abati.
Other Nigerians said that they are interested in transgenderism;
What is the culture that will stop in Igbo land?
A new baby was born, it was made with rice, water, urine and urine to commemorate her mother's birth. That is what is called allowance.
The new baby and her mother
The wage is a traditional Igbo currency which has been created since the olden days which has been done until now.
Igbo education is a time when a mother comes to visit her child and her child (the baby is her child).
Some times, if a woman has no mother (or if her mother has died), her mother or her mother will stay in her house to pay her salaries.
Three things that affect women
Women wear a new dress
The benefits of a woman are not alone in speech
What made her become a woman looking for a job but a man, is because she is the best woman to know about her because she changed the situation in herself.
The allowance is when the mother teaches her daughter everything she knows about the birth of the new child.
Some times, she is a mother now, her mother comes to give her a child's allowance.
The woman who births a new baby requires adequate education and her mother supervises her baby.
What mother do in school
a woman will give her a woman something that will make her blood better
The mother will eat her foods that will make her look better
The mother will remember her breast feeding in the year and other places she wants, and prepare her for the breast feeding (robb, aboniki)
The mother will give a new baby food, prepare his clothes and eat it
He will also breast feed the new baby, and breast feed it well.
He will see that his baby is sitting on a basket containing electricity and urine and drugs, which will cause fever to spread.
He would prepare him for a year to be able today and learn how to eat before it is done.
a woman would pray for her daughter because she and herself have been in the same position.
He will also work on other projects in the house such as cleaning and sanitation of the house.
The benefits of the salary are very good
The wage is a time when a mother, her child and her newborn child are having a good bonding. For this reason many mothers are going to wherever their child is born, or home or in the country, to have a few months or more.
He would show her a woman what the corpse causes, or the corpse or the corpse.
The minimum wage is 50 per cent.
The woman who attends the school has a lot of foods she eats. Some are to remove her blood from her child's breasts. These foods are bread and salads.
Shower with a glass of water
Shower with water
Ofe nsala
Health supplements
The kolanut is delicious and delicious
The rice is delicious
The kolanut in a kolanut
The news
Ehuru and ehu
How to answer these questions
Ụtazị
Each food will have a good taste
It is said that the climate prevents pregnancy and other diseases such as diabetes
The woman's breast feeding should not be more than 50 per cent in the salary
What is going on in the cold season
Egwusi, kolanut and anything which is made of rice.
Ahuekere
Each fruit has a fruit (woman does not eat it because she is eating it and the fruit will be eaten in the year or in the year)
The news that will interest you:
What is the minimum wage for a woman today?
Does a woman get angry as a man?
Three things that affect women
What is your intention for making a judgement?
The end of the examination
The minimum wage, a mother who went to a scholarship will get a lot of benefits.
The visiters will bring him various gifts including money, shoes, bags, clothes, souvenirs, souvenirs, etc.
He will be given a bottle of rice and a bottle of wine which he will bring to his neighbours when he returns to his home.
Ozubulu women have done research
The news said that Ozubulu's women were dressed as policemen went to the police station in Amawbia to demand surveillance.
People attacked St. Phillips church last year
The Ozubulu women in Ekwusigo in Anambra state went to the police station in Amawbia to demand their arrest yesterday.
They did this for a clash between the suspects that they attacked their churches in their town on 6th August last year.
They said that the victims are angry that it is also because of this that they are searching for justice against the victims in court.
They have a big letter titled 'we want justice' 'we want justice' 'we want justice in court'
What a spokesman said about Ozubulu's death
The spokesman of the police in Anambra Nkiruka Nwode told Igbo BBC that the importance of the women is to have peace in their country.
Nwode said that the women who are doing this called on the police to support going to court for the killing of their country.
The Chief Police Officer in Anambra State Garba Baba Umaru gave the women support, said they would go to prison.
Umaru told the women that 'wherever I am here, there is no thing to do for you, I will see that you have a fair trial'.
What happened in Ozubulu
The gunmen went to St. Phillips church where Catholic priests attacked people while praying
The attack killed 11 people on August 6 2017
The news said that it was a conflict between two people living in South Africa caused this.
This made the Nigerian police and South Africa police started investigating in this matter.
The accused suspects that they were involved in the incident were: Onyebuchi Mbanefo, 46, Chukwudi Ugwu, 30 and Great Chinedu Akpunonu, 44
The matter is still in court where lawyers are coming every day.
The news that will interest you:
The Timbershade market has been shut down
The benefits of scholarship are in Igbo culture
The two Nigerian soldiers have been arrested in Plateau
'The people are angry about me for not having a woman'
In Igbo land, women up to 30 years have not been able to get breast feeding, breast feeding and other challenges.
The girls are talking to a girl when they are going to school
Pregnant women are arrested because they are not pregnant
Nkiru (we don't include his father as we promised him) has more than 30 years working as a tourist in their office in Lagos but he is not a father.
Nkiru told BBC journalist that his situation has caused him pain, shame, shame and shame to his family and others.
The last time I went to the house, the owners of the house told me that I had entered the house and he told me that there was no man I wanted to enter.
He also stated that his father (his father has died) did not give him and his father a good girl because they did not have children.
See what Nkiru said:
Our neighbours said I have moved to another house but I don't see her'
In Igbo land, breast feeding is a traditional ritual.
As the National Demographic and Health Survey published in 2013 showed, in Nigeria, women starting from 15 to 19 years of age had a percentage of 28.2 per cent, while women between 35 and 39 years of age had a percentage of 94.4 per cent.
The benefits of scholarship are in Igbo culture
What will happen in Igbo land?
This means that marriage is a traditional culture in Nigeria.
But if a woman has reached the age of marriage or not, especially in the Eastern part of Nigeria, it is examined, examining some of the things they have produced in life.
How did you get it?
According to the scientists in relational affairs called'sociologists' in Britain explained, the cause of violence or abuse of women without parents is a culture and a lack of understanding.
In his words, Dr Adedeji Oyenuga a professor of Sociology at Lagos State University, explained that it is a culture and that some parents see their children as a sign that they are not happy with their children.
He comes from a culture. It is a time when a child is focusing on his parents, but when a child becomes lazy, the mother and father will give him a look like they have spent years in the land in developing her. If he did not do this, it would be better if he did not do this, it would be better if he did not do this, because if he did not do this, it would be better if he did not do this, because if he did not do this, it would be better if he did not do this, it would be better if he did not do this, it would be better if he did not do this, it would be better if he did not do this, it would be better if he did not do this, it would be better if he did not do this, it would be
Dr Nkechi Emma-Echiegu a professor at Ebonyi State University also said that it is a culture.
In Igbo land, it is the birth of a child, the birth of a child.
He went on to say that it is a bad culture that women are killed because of their lack of mother.
See what he said loudly:
What happens to a non-pregnant woman?
Dr Adedeji Oyenuga said that the reason for not being a woman is a woman getting too much education which could cause women to steal her from her.
Other thing is that women are more than women. He also said that women who leave their home would be better than women.
What killing a girl is not enough for a woman
According to Oyenuga, violence against women does not affect women with a lot of things like hunger, hunger, death, depression, which could lead to death, suicide.
Echigu said that it could lead to various disasters including fears, fears, sexual abuse, suicide, suicide and death.
They said that understanding will help you stop the negative culture that makes a woman who has never lived with a woman as a lazy man.
In Oklahoma, one woman will be arrested for killing her child
The mother of a two-year-old woman has been arrested for having her daughter in Oklahoma in America.
Patricia Ann Spann and her daughter, Misty Dawn Spann
The woman was born with her husband
Patricia Ann Spann, who was thirty-seven years old, agreed that she and her daughter, Misty Velvet Dawn Spann, were graduated and had a relationship with her.
The woman was kidnapped with her children in 2014
They killed themselves when they were allowed to marry a woman or a man to marry a man in the area.
The investigators found that Patricia Ann Spann killed her son when she was nine years old, while the first kidnapped the relationship in 2010.
The news that will interest you:
The former Katolic student has written a book
Our neighbours said I have moved to another house but I don't see her'
Dangote's mother has written a book in Kano
It was the department of travel which identified the woman and her child when they went to visit their house.
According to the news, Misty Spann started a relationship with her mother in October last year after she had a meeting with her mother when she had a dispute with her mother.
Misty Spann said that her mother told her that 'three judges told her that 'the three judges who gave her advice will continue in the discussion'.
Patricia Ann Spann said that she agreed that the relationship did not violate law because she did not mention her name in her child's school as mother of her child where they had two years before marriage.
Misty Spann believed that she violated the law against sexual assault. It was awarded twenty years for research and examination and expertise.
Whereas her mother Patricia will focus on a seven-year-old investigation of her corpse. It will be added to her name as a victim or a victim.
In Oklahoma's law, a person's breast feeding is a disease if they have or do not have any relationship.
The Igbo food: what you don't know about the food you eat
The kola is a food that is not popular in Igbo land, it is also one of the characteristics of Igbo people.
READ ALSO: READ ALSO: READ ALSO: READ ALSO: READ ALSO: READ ALSO: READ ALSO: READ ALSO: READ ALSO: READ ALSO
The corpse is removed immediately before the corpse is removed.
Many Igbo people know soil and that they don't know how to produce soil before it is eaten.
Breadfruit has a plant that produces breadfruit which is called 'breadfruit', whereas its fruit is in the process of producing what we call breadfruit. The fruit is in the process of producing what we call breadfruit.
The ring of rice, it was taken from a bush where it was taken before being harvested and produced a traditional rice. It made Igbo people say that 'the rice was until it was harvested'.
Before receiving the certificate, it would go through various roads such as:
It is what it is
She is breast feeding
But to see it in a light
The food that is served with it
READ ALSO: READ ALSO: READ ALSO: READ ALSO: READ ALSO: READ ALSO: READ ALSO: READ ALSO: READ ALSO: READ ALSO
Food
Some also use rice, cassava and cassava.
Some are adding rice while some are adding bread.
Some are adding seeds
Some are adding a buffet
The prayer remains until it is reached.
How is it?
This is what you should do before applying your passport:
Spray your breast with water to ensure that the blood or urine are not infected.
She is put in a water pot called 'pressure pot' and she is also put in a water pot that will protect her very well
Some use tigers or tigers to make it easier to eat and eat.
He removed and added the water in it, add it rice, rice and rice.
Remove it from the foodstuffs you added to it.
Remove it and remove it from the fire and stir it well.
The rice is a food that you will eat if you add or not add any rice.
How to eat it
A visit to some places like Urualla in Imo state, they don't remove the water that is used to their bodies. They drink different types of water and maintain their bodies separately.
Some do not put milk in their breasts, while some do not put milk in their breasts, while some do not put milk in their mouths because they put it in water.
The rice is also eaten with rice, using rice or Turkish rice today.
Many people use a telescopic display.
How to protect the rights
They are waiting for him to be called before he is taken to the corpse for those who will buy him to travel to the abroad.
Before you take this called a call, leave it in the water from morning to evening. This will make it easier to eat and eat when you leave it.
What he gives to him
The investigation by scientists showed that the compound had many good nutrients, including riboflavin, iron, thiamin, iron and fosforus. It also includes potassium, potassium, potassium, potassium, potassium, potassium, potassium, potassium, potassium, potassium, potassium, potassium, potassium, potassium, potassium, potassium, potassium, potassium, potassium, potassium, potassium, potassium, potassium, potassium, potassium, potassium, potassium, potassium, potassium, potassium, potassium, potassium, potassium, potassium, potassium, potassium, potassium, potassium, potassium, potassium
It is good for people's health. Some use it as a supplement for inflammation of the mouth called dandruff, stopping breast feeding.
He also has a small amount of vegetables called saturated fats, kolasterol and sodiom.
Some drink different types of water while some drink it in their water
Other things you don't know
It is added in some of the spices to give it flavor (flavour)
The rice is harvested with rice which is called Flour.
It is also produced vegetables
The news that will interest you:
He is angry in Enugu for Fayose's visit to the place
We will remove the government from the House of Assembly - ICSC
The benefits of scholarship are in Igbo culture
The death and death has killed people
The agricultural worker and a doctor said that the place produces various diseases.
Where they eat rice
The poison from these areas is caused by serious diseases.
The residents of Ikosi, Isheri or Ketu in Lagos state are angry to say from where the government is going to dump Olososun dumpsite in Ojota.
Enugu State has this in a road leading from Enugu to Port Harcourt.
Fear of coming to these places as a result of Lagos, some people were injured because of violence.
In Lagos, the news said that one child died because the corpse said there was nothing.
For this, Lagos Governor Akinwunmi Ambode has closed the market.
Government and communities are running shops during any period.
People are saying
But the weakness is also present in the people living here.
BBC Igbo called a man called Samuel Osaze who is here on phone.
He said that urine that comes from where it comes is a cause of serious disease.
The flood is coming because the government is always flooding the area during any season. Today when I went on the road to explain my journey, a big flood flooded all areas of the market.
In 2013 the Lagos Waste Management Agency LAWMA said that Lagos' harvest amounted to over 400 million tons.
The British doctor, Dr Ikechukwu Mgbolu said that the deaths from agricultural farms lead to various diseases such as cholera, Taifọd, malaria and fever.
He also said that people with asthma cannot live closely here.
Mgbolu said: 'This disease is called upper respiratory infection which is called 'upper respiratory infection' in a manner known as 'upper respiratory infection' in a manner known as'monozide fever' in the corpse.
Osaze said that the issue is being held between March and August for this season because this is a season of rain.
Residents in Lagos are buying rice whenever on the road in Lagos
Osaze said, 'There are no people who are behind the flooding areas now because they know that the act of the group causes enormous damage.
The government should buy this called incinerator in a foreign language called electricity generator.
Governor Ambode has said that he will not leave any vegetable in the area because of various diseases he suffers.
It is aimed at other states to talk about what they will do where the crops are spread between their communities.
The news that will interest you:
What Buhari did to stop Rwanda's visit
The banks are terrorizing Nigerians?
Uber is a self-driving vehicle that has killed people in America
Uber driver has killed a woman in Tempe in Arizona, in America
Uber
Uber has expressed regret for the woman they kidnapped
Uber which are involved in the production of vehicles has said that they have suspended the inspection of a vehicle which killed a 49-year-old woman driving on the road in Tempe in Arizona.
According to the news, the accident caused Uber's suspension of the inspection of their vehicles.
The Uber boss, Dara Khosrowshahi said on Twitter that the death was 'heartbreaking'.
We are concerned about the family's tragedy and we are working with the youths to understand what happened.
The accident is not a serious accident, it will affect the efforts of Uber to produce a self-driving vehicle for human transportation.
The news that will interest you:
We will remove the government from the House of Assembly - ICSC
The banks are terrorizing Nigerians?
Putin will rule Russia for six years
But if they go to it with a financial change, it would make much of the money spent in the university in Nigeria increase.'
In recent years, Nigeria had a financial problem as its economy declined in the country because of the increase in the price of oil in the world market.
It is this situation that, as Uwaleke said, Nigeria would not be allowed to participate in the IMF's recommendations.
Uwaleke said that if Nigeria has it now, it would be difficult to pay his foreign currency because it would be expensive.
The news that will interest you:
What is Nigeria doing in CHOGM?
Nigerians will not speak in America?
Police have blocked Dino Melaye's house
World Cancer Day: How I get cancer treatment- a diabetic patient
Gloria Orji is a Igbo woman who got cancer and good, she said that where she got cancer, another person will get cancer.
Diabetes is a disease that terrorizes the world for how it kills people.
This is worse for those who want treatment but no drug has been produced that it is the treatment.
The theme of the 2019 National Cancer Day is 'I can, you can't' which means that we all can fight cancer.
But Gloria was a woman who discovered a cancer in her body in 2010, she was killed, she made kimo and other things to rescue her from the disease.
In his words, 'Kansa is not a death sentence', now, he focuses on the issue of breast cancer.
He told the Igbo BBC how he caused the disease that terrorizes the world.
Bill Cosby has been arrested in a woman's suicide attack
Bill Cosby could have been arrested for a woman's suicide.
Bill Cosby
Bill Cosby is known as a politician
The American court has decided that the senator Bill Cosby was arrested in three cases accusing him of killing women.
He is Andrea Constand who is now a basket player who was accused of Cosby in court since 2004.
The release of Nnamdi Kanu on his court day
The court has issued a law to arrest Innoson
Cosby, 80 years old, is accused of the accusation, but the decision could put him in prison for up to 30 years.
This is the second time Cosby is accusing him of sexual harassment.
Bill Cosby is known as Bill Cosby in the television show called 'The Cosby Show' in English.
Many women are accusing Cosby of sexual misconduct but Cosby said that they are all innocent.
The news that will interest you:
MASSOB - Ebere Buhari is doing nothing
See the different types of food produced
Codeine, python
Codeine, poisoning' is a story of how high blood pressure kills children in Nigeria which BBC revealed.
Codeine, poisoning' is a story of how high blood pressure kills children in Nigeria.
BBC journalists conducted a detailed investigation on how the producers of drugs, the makers used it to abuse children's drugs in violation of the Nigerian Constitution.
Codeine rejects: Emzor has killed workers
Emzor Pharmaceuticals has arrested one worker for investigation, Codeine Otọmegbu' by BBC.
The man and taking drugs, copdeine
The news says that some political parties are treating youths as gifts.
The Nigerian manufacturer of drugs, Emzor Pharmaceuticals, has suspended one worker, and suspended two workers because of their use of codeine drugs, in violation of the law, as the BBC report showed that the drug had destroyed the lives of Nigerian youths.
Emzor arrested one of their traders who killed the BBC journalist, Emzolyn syrup.
They said this on social media as BBC released their video on Monday 30th of April.
In the video, a group of drug dealers including a Emzor worker who used a hospital to dispense drugs to people.
Confirming the results of the video which appeared in Lagos yesterday
One spokesman said that it is the government that uses water in the kolanut in Kano as he said that they use the bottle as a gift.
But Emzor has said that they are not taking drugs illegally.
They also said that they have stopped selling Emzolyn's Codeine until they will investigate the case of illegal drugs.
Emzor shut down their businesses and removed it from work.
Emzor Pharmaceuticals is a company that takes its own advantage and takes its own advantage.
They have more than one million drugs including Emzolyn Codeine from NAFDAC.
They continued to say: Emzolyn Codeine yue has been stopped after a complete investigation.'
In a conversation with BBC with the Head of Science and Professional Development (Pharmacists) in Nigeria and the Eastern Region, J.C Okafor, he said that there is a law which guarantees the use of codeine drugs, and if any company found that they use it illegally, it would be banned.
Okafor said, 'We have a plan on how to use codeine drugs in Nigeria which means that people cannot take it without paying a doctor.
'Any company that has violated the law, we are destroying it.'
Many Nigerians in the hospital are angry with Emzor for their efforts in the fight against diabetes among young people.
The spokesman of the company said: Why, if the BBC does not show the release, your company would not do anything to stop the abuse of drugs among the youths?
It is that your workers don't know what they do?
Others, Mairo Mandara, called on the government to stop the use of codeine drugs.
Codeine: NAFDAC has shut down three companies and shut down many drugs
NAFDAC said that they will stop all companies that support codeine in Nigeria.
The NAFDAC office
Always NAFDAC attacks Nigerian drug producers
The Nigerian Ministry of Food and Drugs called NAFDAC has been accused of attacking three companies producing drugs in Lagos, Ilorin and Kano.
The attack, followed a BBC investigation that showed how people use codeine drugs.
NAFDAC said that the attack, showed that the companies that produce drugs with more codeine than the laws of the country gave them the opportunity to produce.
Codeine Attack: Dextromethorphan will speak?
Government has banned codeine drugs
Codeine rejects: Emzor has killed workers
The president's wife has protested for codeine
The NAFDAC Director, Mojisola Adeyeye, told journalists that now, they are investigating the operations of the two companies BBC showed in their video.
In his words: 'we have collected many drugs with codeine in a manufacturing facility in Ilorin.
Bioraj Pharmaceuticals said that they have suspended their worker Junaid Hassan, Emzor said that they have released their worker Chukwunonye Madubuike in office.
The two appeared in the BBC video as suspected codeine drugs.
But the critics are saying that the government should protect the workers more than the investigations that are conducted by them.
Other news that will interest you:
Four ways journalists have been seen in work.
The court has decided to release Dino Melaye from June 11
Buhari has canceled his US travel to Nigeria
The Nigerian president Muhammadu Buhari has taken the United States to leave Nigeria after moving to London.
Muhammadu Buhari
Buhari and Trump joined in fight against terrorists
The Nigerian president Muhammadu Buhari has taken a trip to America to meet President Donald Trump.
The vehicle was taken to the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, Abuja on 10th of the morning.
Some government workers came to visit it.
He was the spokesman of the president Femi Adesina told the newsmen that the vehicle was taken to the ground.
President Buhari will travel to America
See what Buhari and Trump did
Four ways Buhari took Trump
Buhari who went to Washington DC on Tuesday after he and Trump had a meeting in London.
The spokesman of the president in charge of media Garba Shehu, called on the incident to investigate the airline said that it was because the airlines that the president used to carry out the journey would be completed.
He also said that Buhari had a small airline that does not have the capacity to carry out the journey, why he went to Britain.
Shehu said that the advice was for adding water into his vehicle and inspecting the roads before traveling to Nigeria.
He said that there is no doubt that the president has ruled Nigeria.
But see what people are saying on social media:
The news that will interest you:
Only a warning will prove that Buhari has done well
NAFDAC has shut down three companies for codeine drugs
You know that killing a man wants death is a bad thing in Nigeria?
President Buhari has travelled to London again for health travel
President Muhammadu Buhari is going to see his doctor who told him to go for visit and treatment.
Buhari
He did not leave Buhari from America where he and Donald Trump had a meeting.
President Muhammadu Buhari will leave today to London where he is receiving treatment for his disease.
The letter of the president Garba Shehu published said that the president will stay for four days in his journey.
He said that when the president went to London for inspection and removal of oil in his vehicle when he came from America, he and his secretary had a meeting.
Buhari has canceled his US travel to Nigeria
Buhari will travel to UK today
What caused Buhari to visit Lagos?
He said that his secretary told him to return and the president promised him that he will come.
President will leave on Saturday twenty-twoth of May.
Shehu said that he leaves, he would go to Jigawa state, a trip scheduled for APC meetings in the evening.
The ceremony will be held on Monday 14 and Tuesday 15 of May.
Remember that the president is receiving treatment in London but he did not tell Nigeria about his disease.
The news that will interest you:
Legos: 2131 women are HIV positive
The 45 corpses were found in Gwaska
The Igbos will not fight another civil war
Sweet sweet codeine: Nafdac has shutdown three companies that are producing codeine
Nafdac has impeached Bioraj, Peace and Emzor for the use of codeine in a non-effective way.
Codeine, python
Many youths are affected by various diseases because of high blood pressure.
The Ministry of Food and Manufacturing Nafdac has announced the closure of three companies; Bioraj Pharmaceutical Limited, Emzor Pharmaceuticals Ind.
Ltd and Peace Standard Pharmaceutical Limited are the company that has been involved in the manufacture of drugs with codeine in violation of law.
BBC released a report related to their illegal investigation which resulted in the death of the three healthcare providers that were used to prepare the drugs which were made in order to be dispensed immediately after the doctor has given a certificate, to the youths.
Codeine, poison
Codeine rejects: Emzor has killed workers
Government has banned codeine drugs
In a letter issued by Nafdac President, Mojisola Adeyeye, the arrest took place as they went to the respective offices.
In the absence of adequate evidence and efforts to stop the publication of the certificates should be completed on the 2nd of May, in their offices in Ilorin and Lagos, it is necessary to shut down the three manufacturing businesses - Peace Standard Pharmaceutical Limited; Bioraj Pharmaceutical Limited and Emzor Pharmaceuticals Ind Ltd.
This is to enable a complete investigation.
Nafdac conducts these investigations for BBC's investigation on the drug