The news that will interest you:
Joseph Achuzie, Dike Biafra has gone away
Dapchi: The government has not defeated Boko Haram - Massob
Tottenham is looking forward to winning FA and Rochadale
Son Heung-min, Fernando Llorente and Kyle Walter-Peters of Tottenham are the closure of Rochadale in the yesterday.
Son Heung-min the Tottenham and his team are hearing when he scored a goal in FA cup.
Tottenham has defeated FA eight times
In sports, Tottenham's team scored six goals against Rochadale in FA.
This victory means that Tottenham and Swansea will compete for Quarter Final in the 17th day of March.
Heung-min scored the first goal for the fifth. Fernando Llorente scored three goals in the second half, while Kyle Walter-Peters scored the goal of the head.
Son Heung-min stopped Rochadale's club
What will happen next?
Tottenham will go to Wembley's three days of the month of March, They and Hudersfield will compete in Premier League, before they will collaborate with Juventus in Champions League on July.
Rochdale's team had 16 coaches to save themselves and to sell them to league.
Their first match will be on Plymouth in March three days.
The news that will interest you:
Guardiola has lifted his first cup in England
Champions League: Neymar has broken his leg
Police chief: Select a cow before shaving them
The commissioner of police has urged the Governors to open the cattle station before they are installed.
Ibrahim Idris
The commissioner of police Ibrahim Idris has said that the state should be the ground of the cattle training before decamping the cattle.
The commissioner of police said this yesterday at the Federal Conference of the Federal Road Safety Corps said that he would assist in creating problems and emergencies between farmers and cattle rearrests.
He went on to say that the problem arose in Benue because the state government had not seen a cattlettle before installing cattle rearrests.
In the summit, 'The National Assembly: Criminal crisis and the need to find a sufficient way to stop it, among farmers and cowers did not begin during the presidential election, Muhammdu Buhari.
Idris said: 'It my mind, to reduce the compensation between farmers and cattlemen, the state government will try to build cattle rearrests in their states before breaking the cattle.
The news that will interest you:
The marketplace has burnt in the Alaba International
For Achuzia, we will see that Biafra was fulfilled
In Imo state, parks have many wildlife
The Imo state National Park has various beasts.
Different animals are in their camp in Imo state.
These animals were also constructed a suitable house for good luck.
Timothy's son George Weah has begun to play with PSG
Timothy Weah has gone to PSG where his father George Weah is a good musician from 1992 to 1995.
Timothy Weah
Timothy Weah will make his father as people think?
The Liberia boss George Weah who is called Weah has started playing in one of PSG clubs, while his father was already playing with his father.
Timothy appeared on the yesterday as PSG and Troyes compete.
While Neymar and Kylian Mbappe are not on the spot for injured, Angel dispat Christopher Nkunku who scored the goals of PSG won in the competition.
Neymar and Mbappe without her side gave Weah the opportunity to participate in this contest.
George Weah scored 55 goals in PSG
Timothy's father was George Weah who left PSG players before 23 years ago, before going to AC Milan
PSG has 10 competitions in the future, in which they should get 17 conspiracy if they will win the 'French League' this year.
They will meet with Real Madrid on Tuesday with Champions League for the second time. In the first round, Real Madrid won 3-1.
The musician, Neymar will not play any other part of the campaign for injuries.
The news that will interest you:
Nigerian government has sent an aircraft to search for Dapchi's children
A man has killed his children in Awada
The fears of the Fulani ox are many
Charly Boy has said that he wants special youths for leadership in Nigeria
Charles Oputa, who 'Charly Boy', also known as his introduction to the Nigerian Government's rule.
A prominent person who is known as the Nigerian youth, Charly Boy said that he is not happy about the situation.
When the Igbo BBC interviewed him, he asked 'Who did he become the evil rulers of Nigeria?'
Charly Boy said that he is looking for special youths he will prepare for you to take the Nigerian leadership.
'I was fighting about thirty-five years ago in Nigeria's salvation would be for special youths,' as Charly Boy said.
Oscars 2018: Kobe Bryant is among the winners
American footballer Kobe Bryant has been among the winners and winners of the video.
Kobe Bryant, a popular African footballer
Special victory- Kobe Bryant has won.
Amazingly , Kobe Bryant is known as the state of basketball competition in the United States who has been accustomed to the video called Oscars.
He won this because of the video of child films – time.
See other winners in Oscars who were held this morning.
The winners:
The Shape of Water has award of 'Best picture.'
Frances McDormand won this called 'Bestress' for Threeboards Out Ebbing, Missouri
A winner called 'Best actor' Gary Oldman for Darkest Hour
Guillermo Del Toro won a 'Best director' for The Shape of Water
Get Out of Jordan Peele's handiwork 'Best original screenplay'
Oscars 2018: video
The highest prize in Hollywood has happened
See the picture of what people wear and the carpet'
Danai Gurira performed the Black Panther and Walking Dead Dead showers on her head
Academy Awards famous as the 90th Oscars did on the night when people showed their strength.
See what activists are wearing this event.
Daniel Kaluuya
Daniel Kaluuya the British player of Gethsemane is among those named for Oscars prize
Lupita Nyong'o
Lupita Nyong'o got Oscars in 2012 for his 12 Years a Slave drama
Jennifer Lawrence
Uwe Jennifer Lawrence who played Hunger Games's film resembles Oscar's silver
Andara Day
Andara Day a American singer, lying in red carpet, asked people to look at his clothes.
2018 Oscars: On his way
Black Panther is very sick
Africa was shown at the 'Black Panther'
Black Panther: your intentions are on the show?
Tom Holland
Tom Holland showed Spider Man in good clothes and came to call out the name of the winner of the event.
Chadwick Boseman
Chadwick Boseman is the king of T'challa of the city of Wakanda in the Black Panther dressed in Givenchy's clothing to Oscars
Ashley Judd
Ashley Judd who participated in Time's Up wearing a yellow coat appears in red carpet
Adam Rippon
Adam Rippon in the olympics called figure skating caused people to wear a shirt garment with a shirt to make it appear as he was performed by Fifty Shades of Grey.
Salman Hayek
Halman Sayek dressed in a yellow dress
Darrell Brit-Gibson
Victims of photograph have been moving as Darrellt-Gibson performed a three-Gibson show by Billboards in red carpet
Whoopi Goldberg
Uwe Whoopi Goldberg in that area like a dragon painting
Patrick Stewart
Sir Patrick Stewart performed X-men's X-men performed Time's Time's Up in his clothes to give photographers
Sallywkins
Sallywkins, a British member of the call for the prize of The Shape of Water he made fun of the photographers
Saoirse Roman
Saoirse Roman showed Lady Bird's outfit in red carpet Oscars after 10 years of his first deliverance in 2008 when he was 13 years old
Meryl Streep
Meryl Streep has been named for the 21st Oscars prize as it starts to act
Margot Robbie
Margot Robbie made the beautiful Tonya show in what he was wearing red carpet
Tiffany Hadish
Tiffany Hadish played a fine African game known as Eritrea women in Ethiopia
All these photos contain copyright
What other African nations have preferred Nigeria on the show.
As to the highest point in the world called Oscars, Africans show Nigeria 100.
Oscars won
2018 that it is the 90th year of Oscars and Hollywood
After the Oscars which was the highest point in the world of 2018, the Igbo BBC checked and saw that other African nations were better off on the show.
Oscars 2018: Africa and Nigeria
BBC found that even though some movie producers in Nigeria were offering some Hollywood on their show, it was not where they were among those mentioned at all levels in Hollywood.
Nollywood is the musicians in Nigeria and other African communities who are part of his name, the other African nations have often shown them.
Lupita Nyong's son of Kenya in the United States received the prize of 'Best funding' in 2013
In the last few years, Nigeria is seen as 'dike' in the African show, but now it is as others have passed to them.
While the Nollywood in themselves are the second world players of more than 1000 films in one year, Hollywood produces something that doesn't happen to that but it doesn't endorse them to be the most beautiful filmmakers in the world.
But when it comes to Africa, Kenya and South Africa are showing Nigeria always highly regarding wins and Oscars.
Heading From South Africa
What I need is security and economy
How the Senates Sustained Nigeria's money
See whose hand is on the senators
Nigerian youths have challenged Buhari for calling them 'as lazy'
Nigerian youths do not agree with Buhari's statement that CHOGM is lazy.
Muhammadu Buhari
Nigerians are saying that President Muhammadu Buhari takes them to the country and overseas for a
People are still involved in the matter of 'the Nigerian president's call for youths
While Buhari went to London for the meetings of under Commonwealth national government called CHOGM, he said that Nigerian youths are lazy.
This statement does not appeal to many Nigerians, which is why they showed their indignation on social media.
Three words of Buhari 'heart Nigeria'
Buhari's speech is vexing youths
The president cannot curse the Nigerians
Buhari's spokesman Femi Adesina said that Nigerians understood what he said.
Adesina's comments did not stop people from expressing what was in their hearts.
#LazyNigerianYhs is happening
Many of them went on to embark on the project of their hands, but saying they were not lazy despite the poor Nigerian land.
A white man put his mouth on the matter.
Some said how they trained themselves through their efforts.
Some said that they will not help Buhari in 2019
One person who uses teasing shows who has a job while working on it
Who will be a new chairman in the Commonwealth?
Commonwealth leaders congregate in order to determine whether the Wales son will represent his mother as the head of the department.
Queen Elizabeth
English Queen wants her son Charles to succeed him
The Commonwealth leaders congregate to talk to you about whether the Irish son of Wales will represent his mother as head of the 53 village group.
On Thursday, British Queen Jezebel decided that her son Charles would rule as CHOGM in Buckinghamlace.
He said that he is interested in his son Charles COGM one day.
But he is not what Ezenwam recommends to his son or if he dies.
It is expected that the Commonwealth senators will have to decide for who will rule if they meet in Windsor Castle but there is no indication that it will be delivered at the meeting.
Isn't anyone else able to shut the coralth?
BBC journalist James Landale said that the announcement was flying between Commonwealth capitals.
But, President Saut Africa Cyril Ramaphosa has desisted his mission at the London meeting to see why the attack was happening in his hometown.
Invasion in North Africa while protesters still offer them services, homes and injuries.
What is the role of the Commonwealth Head?
The position of the British Queen is in great importance.
The sector is in charge of fifty-five countries to ensure that what the Commonwealth engineering is in fulfillment.
This includes the ingathering of these countries through trade and international relationships.
An interesting story
Chimamanda said that she was attacked by someone
The president cannot curse the Nigerians
Nigerian youths have challenged Buhari
The Head of the group travelers in all the countries in the same area, to make the commitment to the agreement.
It is the leaders of this group who are making a decision that will be the one they have shot
Ministerial Minister Theresa May and Onitsha Minister of Canada, Justin Trudeau has supported Charles you as chairman.
What is CHOGM?
CHOGM is Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting
It is a congregation of leaders of the states of the Commonwealth, which is held every two years.
Those who do it are the executives and the senators of the 13 countries and their families, who speak to them and their journalists.
The meeting held in London, where the last year in 2015 was in Valletter in Malta.
The money in Imo will not be enough for us - Rochas' spokesman
Imo government is saying that the tax scheme is not sure, but they will use ten million naira to support it.
Rochas Okorocha and Ogoni king, King Godwin Gininwa
Rochas Okorocha's wedding will be completed in 2019
While the news reports that the Imo state government has told all the mature older men you have done in their three thousand dollars, Imo government is explaining that they are not as important as this money is.
The Lawgiver, the spokesman of the governor in the media told Igbo BBC that the bill will be only once.
He also said that the projects of the cities in Imo state will be financed with money.
While the news says that six million naira are still in the same country, Nzeji said that there is no money to be taken, because the people in the country should pay the bill.
Nzeji from the Ego state government will not enter the Imo state capital, it belongs to the Federal Community Government (CGC) sector
The Nzeji continues that the Imo state government will use ten million naira to support the country where the funds were expected to be deposited and what other country wants.
It is believed that anybody wants to prepare it, especially since they are involved in the development of the community, Nzeji said.
Nzeji also went on to explain that no king of the country has decamped from the payment of this.
Listen to the description here:
Other stories that will interest you:
Why Nigerians give tithes
The president cannot curse the Nigerians
The biggest news this night: Buhari is the father of Nigeria
What is the party of those who will take away APC?
The 2019 elections in the Publicity as some participants are seeking to take APC out of office in 2019.
Olusegun Obasanjo
Olusegun Obasanjo emphasised the leadership in 1999
Many APC party members and spokesmans in Nigeria are trying to get away from Buhari's party in 2019
The news reports that many partys are able to develop partnership in the week in order to express any excuses in the coming election.
Participants in the party are these: 'Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), some leaders in All Progressives Congress (APC), Social Democratic Pati, among the less than fifty-th-two senators.
and 'Coalition for Nigeria Movement (CNM) of the former president of Nigeria Olusegun Obasanjo .
The union of Obasanjo has begun
2019 election: Keyamo is the spokesman of Buhari
Buhari: I will contest in 2019
APC took power in 2015
The former president in Nigeria, the military commanders lagoried, including T.Y Danjuma administrator supporting the league.
In the mouth of one who raised his head in the collaboration, this not be like a wrestling that has learned the APC party.
We are not sending the INEC office a Revolutionary
The new Patience will give everyone the opportunity to express his heart.'
Those in the house of senates and up to 19 passengers are sponsored by the court.
The PDP ruled Nigeria for 16 years before the APC takes them to leadership.
On the other hand, PDP party is tested if they are to address their party.
The party chairman Uche Secondus said that he and his team are still serving tomorrowc with him
But people are saying that instead of the name, the PDP took the initiative to prepare Nigeria's land and take APC from office.
The news that will interest you:
Imo tax 3000 in Imo
Medical personnel has arrested the health workers
Nigerian youths have challenged Buhari
Mum invaded the house ofka Fada 'Ebube denarii'
The resurrected ones attacked the Katolik Congregation in Anambra State and injured many cars and killed thirty vehicles.
Youths undergoing a resurrection
The resurrection is a tradition of the Igbos
Impressed by senators, Idemili North Local Government Area, Idemilis in Anambra State prayed the Church of Katolik and destroyed more than thirty vehicles, wounded many people, while they were thought to be one of their fame on Saturday.
The gubernator of the Church Father Father Emmanuel Obimma, known as the Ebube Spirits and other impeachments, and the titled women who came there attacked the youths on the night watched on the youths which occurred at the start of Sabali Frade in the morning.
A contractor who was scarce, Francis Okoye told BBC journalist on phone that the deceased attacked the meeting at about eight o'clock in the morning to injure many people and damaged more than 30 vehicles.
Aguleri in Igboukwu is not the beginning of Igbo Igbo people
A man has killed his children in Awada
After the thing happened, we read three times together their vehicle
They injured many people.
He had a good partner to take to the hospital.
We do not know and see if he dies.
It was evident that Uke's youth did this to support the debate because, 'They are being made to wear, at 6: 00 p.m ., but the dead who had been put to death at night after the eighth of the night.
They started accusing those who were driving people to church, receiving their money and their phones.
The dead damaged many ships to the congregation
Our officers tried hard to stop them from spoiling but when we saw that things were too much, we called the police.
They came to arrest some of them.
The police Anambra state said that the resurrection actually invaded the people in Uke but they said that nobody died.
The spokesman of the police in the state, Nkicha Nwode told BBC that 'Anyi arrested three goals, we are investigating what happened there.
Reported that this is not the first time the youth in the country is harassing those who attend this special Katolik meeting every Friday night of Fraide who is recruiting more than 20 pounds per week.
Those in the area where things happened said that the youths of the country were killing motorists and also robbing them of their money and handling some things.
In yesterday, they attacked a Fada Obimma staff who caused the infraction to the youths who arrested the youths and left them the time of the king of the town and the local elders.
The axis and the youth who are snapping the dynamics were accused and often used as a dispatch.
The news that will interest you:
88,000 children can die in hunger
Benue: Neighbors have killed 20 people
What is the party of those who will take away APC?
Ezeife: The Igbos will ask Buhari again
Ezeife and some spokesmans reaching Igbos and have urged Buhari to achieve facilitate in 2023 a cunning.
Chukwuemeka Ezeife and some Igbo elder
Chukwuemeka Ezeife, a former Igbo-Ukwu governor in Anambra State, is one of the Ndigbos in Nigeria
People in Igbo land have said that the Igbos will reject Buhari's presidential support in the 2019 election as they did in 2015
They cautioned the Igbos to know that if they readily support the president Buhari to enter another match in 2019 and the presidential election will challenge the Igbo man, the woman's commitment on the ground, because it is a clever statement.
In the period, many APC members include, Ministers and Transportation, Rotimi Amaechi, the federal secretary who is Boss Mustafa and the Chairman of Voice of Nigeria, Onita Okechukwu told the Igbos to compare in 2019, let him arrive in 2023 with them.
For the 2019 presidential election - Balarabe Musa
The Igbos are being oppressed as the participants in the war
But some acclaimed accustomed to win the votes of the Igbos, as Buhari called on his entrepreneurs in 2015, they went to help him in the 2019 election.
In a conversation with the Sun journalist in Anambra State, Dr Chukwuemeka Ezeife said: 'Who didn't see how he was made.
We don't think we should be asking people for the president.
My mind is that we should pray to God, who knows that if an Igbo takes a position as president, the Fulani will be pleased with the Yoruba, as well as the Yoruba, who are in the regions of Nigeria, because we will procrastinate the economy of Nigeria as it continues.
Speaking about 2023 is an unsuspecting matter, everyone who is saying is to become the Igbos.
Similarly, former Chief Mehanaeze Ndigbo, Dozie Ikedife, said that the Igbos who have promised the presidential election did not mean what the former president had done.
He told Sun journalist: 'The many of the promises have been made this same in the past, and our hosts have been deceived.
If someone becomes you two or three, he comes for the fourth time, you think of doing something.
The desperation is dead.
Ikefe went on to say: 'We are the same people that will follow the law that Biafra and non-communications will be used.'
Remember in 2015, many Igbos did not vote for Buhari with the election which made him unappreciative of 95 percent of those who gave him five per cent of salary, many of the thoughts he performed by the leadership he had given since he was in office.
The news that will interest you:
The death of Katolic Church in Anambra
Eighty - eighty children can die in starvation
Benue: Neighbors have killed 20 people
A man who has been attacked in America has been attack
The police officer in charge of a man attacked four people who were killed while four others were injured.
The restaurant where the incident occurred
Policemen found a gun to attack the restaurant
The police said that a gunman had killed four people in Nashville's restaurant in America
The man threw into the restaurant at eight in the morning in Antioch and started to gun people.
Four other people were injured before another dinner was disqualified by a gun, he ran away.
Police have given the name of the man as Travis Reinking is 20 years old from Illinois where they are searching for him.
An interesting story
The death of Katolic Church in Anambra
88,000 children can die in hunger
Benue: Neighbors have killed 20 people
Soyinka: Sweet tears in 2019
Wole Soyinka
Nobel Prizer, Wole Soyinka has said that good governance has been abolished in
Wole Soyinka attracts Nigerians to their attention
Wole Soyinka also a well known book has warned Nigerians that they should be careful not to be deceived by the politicians again in the coming election in 2019.
Soyinka, who said this on Sunday at the wedding ceremony of the renowned lawyer, Gani Fawehinmi, in Lagos, said that Nigeria and the now-political governor are in trouble.
He said that those who put Nigeria and his present troubles by their schemes, they have been prepared again as saviours, the coming elections, and advised Nigerians to reject the old politicians to allow new ones to take advantage of the leadership.
Buhari has had a conversation with the leaders of APC
Wole Soyinka: Sta
He said: 'It is not suspicious of the democracy's rule in trouble.
It is not only the government of the thinker better, the country is in trouble.
I don't think it is time and every life in the world , especially in the country to wait for all the damaged things to this group.
We all know this.
The question is what we see as a chance of salvation as we see it with them the opportunity to continue to do the things that happened in the country that we are serving in the land?
It is not a new story of the need to do something that will contest for the unity of the land.
It is ironic that those who were the enemies of the democracy who personally brought us into the plan that brought us to today are those who prove themselves as saviours of the Nigerian country, a population of 200 million.
Soyinka went on to advise Nigerians to look out for water to stay alive.
The news that will interest you:
The death of Katolic Church in Anambra
88,000 children can die in hunger
Benue: Neighbors have killed 20 people
He urged me to make it that as the words to save the land of Nigeria, one or two appear to have its leaders.
It is also said that people are being suspicious because of the increasing number of people who share in Nigeria's political activities today.
Why should Nigerians not be meeting in America?
The Nigerian government has denied them for the reason why the meeting of investors in Nigeria and the U.S.A.
Yemi Osibanjo in Abuja
Yemi Osibanjo is part of the meeting list
Many representatives of the Nigerian government that they are in the Nigeria and the United States that organized in Washington DC unrestrained the ceremony.
The coming of the government did not cause people to be surprised that Nigeria will not get money from overseas.
Those who should go to the deputy position Yemi Osinbajo, Director-General, Kemi Adeosun, the Minister of Assistant Ebechukwu Ebechukwu, Minister of Audu Odulam, Minister of Technology Ogboya Onued the misappropriation of Misapprofituring of Misappropriation, Abuja, Minister,
Smoking and alcohol have invested money
Switzerland has agreed to revenue Abacha's money
One of the victims was Emir of Kano Sanusi Lamido, who worked as a manufacturer in Nigeria.
Sanusi
Satis said that the person who is preparing to invest in Awka, 'over, has Nigeria, he has Rwanda, Kenya and Saiche Afka'.
He went on to say, 'This is more likely than all the other people in waiting, but it may say that it will put 500 dollars in Nigeria, to put $ 100 in Ghana, dollar 100 and Rwanda, dollar 100 and Code Vuwa, to win the spread.'
We went to meet with those who have the money to give in the country, we should stay at nine o'clock, and we started at ten o'clock.
When I got there, they called me to the house of the defendant of Nigeria.
Those who attended the meeting there, the Vice President was not, the Ministers are not, Sanusi said.
Sanusi said that the incident was wrong, because it shows that Nigeria has not been advocated for what is being said.
He said, 'He have invited people to hear how to come from Nigeria, but you are not there.
These are not how much more those who will contribute money in Nigeria
If it is the Rwanda who organized the meeting, the president of them in Kagame will stay there and tell the people who come to Rwanda.
People agree on the matter on social media.
The owner of the @SegunAndrews believes Sanusi's statement.
But, the government has said that they are not here.
Lai Mohammed the Minister of Enlightenment explains that it is not true that those who should attend the meeting will not be meeting.
Mohammed explains that the Ministers whose name is in the ceremony do not get a copy of it, or sit in Dohin DC when the meeting is held.
He said that the plant mining, which is done by electricity and creative works and creation, did not get a book despite the names of the books that would talk about it.
Minister of the while he himself accompanied the president to attend the meetings of the Commonwealth countries who live in London.
Minister of Money in Washin DC, but it is for the world's banks to IMF.
He went on to say that the ministry ministry and customs got a lot of driver, but he replied that the organizers would not be able to go anywhere for the rest of his collaboration.
Lai Mohammed said that 'The items showed that it should not be said that the Ministers should not attend the meeting with him.
Do not let Igbo die
Ikeogu Oke won 100 thousand dollars as the best engineer in Nigeria in 2017.
The winner of the prize as the primary candidate in Nigeria in 2017, Ikeogu Oke has said that Igbo language will not die if the Igbos call it necessary.
Ikeogu won 100 thousand dollars as the best lawyer in Nigeria called 'Nigian Prize of Literature' for his book 'The Aresiad'.
What made the book different is that it written in Igbo mechanism.
In his conversation with the Igbo BBC, Mr Oke spoke on the security of Igbo language, and who he felt was supposed to be in his hand.
The federal government has said what will be done with Abacha's money
Kemi Adeosun the minister of money has said what the federal government will do with Abacha's money in Nigeria
Kemi Adeosun and Christine Lagarde is chairman in IMF
The Nigerian Government has approved the use of more than $ 300 million dollars awarded the total amount of Abacha from the Swiss government's return.
The Minister of financial matters Kemi Adeosun has said that the money will be used to train stakeholders as President Buhari promised during his contests.
He said this while sending journalists to the world's financial institutions, IMF is entitled IMF in charge of collaboration in Washington and America.
Adeosun said that the money has been invested in a special bag called the CBN in the name of winning to start the schemes that will help the poor.
Smoking and alcohol have invested money
The senators have called the manufacturer
In his public ministry, he said that the Federal Government hopes that they created their plans in mind, in what will be acceptable to Nigeria.
In his neck 'We are the planes in creation, Nigeria's economy will be higher.
What do Nigeriaites and COGM?
Igbo youth has defeated Big Brother Naija
Are Nigerians not to meet in the United States?
Three things about having a lot of money transitions
IMF told Nigeria to summarize its exchange rate as it is one, while the senators are saying the risk of multiplying.
Naira
EFCC said that Umar wants a million naira
To make Nigeria's economic revolution admirable, IMF has advised Nigeria to unite its economic revolutions.
Nigeria has a small set of five currency between currency; one for the fuel users in Najiria, one for the rich militants to travel faith in Saudi Arabia, one for the Nigerian Leftists who are going to the land, and another for the academic and administratives of the government.
According to the senators who were well known as Pat Utomi and Uche Uwaleke, described a BBC journalist, having a lot of accidental exchanges.
See some of the risks of making a lot of money:
It is harmful
Pat Utomi explained that he is doing 'preneursing someone has the opportunity to get money to the bottom and take it with him, but the person who has the money to buy what he can do in the country is not aware of it.
It's not good for commerce'.
Where Abacha's money will enter
Financial Affairs: Haven't Bond About Nira?
In his speech, Uche Uwaleke gave some information, 'The Revolutional economy of the government was N305, the person was sold, he could leave the item, sold, sold to another N365, received interest, but if there was a Revolutionary Party, you would not be able to sell it.'
It facilitates diligence and productivity in the country.
Uwaleke said that having a lot of money is making many of them clothes.
The prize they will do is the priceless sales of money, which will be producing.
It is demeaning to increase the economy of the country
Utomi said that if people get money from the subsidy to send their son a village for education, he will make anyone wanting to send his son to a town, the schools in the country will be defrauded.
Saraki and Ekweremadu: what people
Ekweremadu 'proves his wealth'
Nigeria's peace has been placed in Ekweremadu's hands again
The senators are even good 109, if 108 people are in Emmadu now, it means that they are all in his place.
Remember that the senatorial senatorium has decided today to leave the security agencies from the house of deputy senate Ike Ekweremadu immediately, where they attack today.
Ekweremadu was prevented from appearing in his house in the morning, and he was not attending a conference of senates today, whereas up to 14 senators left APC to PDP.
Uche Anichukwu, the spokesman of Ekweremadu, told the Igbo BBC that the EFCC had prevented him from leaving his house in Abuja, that it was not the DSS we wrote earlier.
@MrBanksOmishore was a special helper of Bukola Saraki, wrote a letter sent by the EFCC to Ekweremadu this morning, on
In the letter, EFCC said that they wanted to investigate Ekweremadu's plot, his right to charge him with the salary, and the salary called 'money laundering'.
As Saraki entered the house of senate and started 'plenary', he spoke at the inauguration of the Oremdunwu, and said that after trying to ensure that the democracy did not damage.
The commander Sam Anyanwu said that he was with Ekweremadu yesterday, but there was no document that the police were looking for him.
Later, the senators decided that security officers should leave the deputy house of deputy senate Ike Ekweremadu immediately, so that he can win his rights.
This morning, Saraki was among those who prevented from escaping his good house.
On the other hand, the President of Nigeria, Muhammadu Buhari thanked those who left the APC for their success.
He said this through his Twita mark, @MBuhari:
The EFCC has prevented Ekweremadu's spokesman in Abuja
A video showing where the EFCC is waiting before Ekweremadu's house:
The kidnappers who were kidnapped and killed were known for their deathbed by Katolik
The court of citizens kidnapped and killed Father John Adeyi by death.
The court has ordered the killing of criminals
The high court in Makurdi, Benue state has decided to have two people executed, Hartuna Idi and Suleiman Gina killed and killed by kidnappers and fathers John Adeyi for what they did.
Remember that four senators including Saidu Abdullahi and Aliyu Garba Fada Adeyi, who was kidnapped by Vika-Jenaraal Catholic Church in the Experience of Dayosis, Benue State, killed him and lost his corpse on a nearby farm in 2016.
What I went through kidnappers
Mikel's father has been rescued from kidnappers
But after the police arrested them four, they confessed that they received the family of one million naira in the loan, NN1.7m) as his head money but they shot him when they heard that the villagers were ready to rescue him where he was arrested.
One of them confessed that it was the gun that killed him, while the remaining two of them were sentenced to death on Wednesday.
In a message sent by the priest to Daily Post, they showed satisfaction in the end, justice has reached them.
But they lamented that the decision reminded them of the execution of Adeyi, who is a professor.
The senators have come to Ekweremadu
Saraki and Ekweremadu: what people
APC is paying the salaries they are ruling - Okachamara
Does he have a spirit that resides in a child who is born with bida?
What Igbo culture said about desolation in the olden days and also the motive behind it is now.
In the olden days, Igbo believes that those who have fallen from the head can do the occult
A babe in every house is bringing great joy in the heart of the former.
But there are some places in Igbo where the baby who is born can be terrified.
The towns are like Izo (Ibusa) in Delta state , while children are seen to be trapped as special.
Who is the head?
Some reports explain that a baby who is born to be born should fall down because his mother pleads for a spirit dwelling in the land.
will you do the kind of sacrifices that were made in the olden days?
Do you know the gods that the Igbos are passing in the old days?
They believe that the definition is a prelude to the spirit of the child which they will know it.
They call the children 'Ezenwa'.
They believe that their dad is their crown.
As they did with conviction, a child who dared to be a child will succeed in the world because his god was stable on his side, they were very strong and that they will carry a hero during the war.
But the problem of people who are headed down.
It hurts you to take good care of your head
Holy joined in the fall
Many of the coaches, have the belief that a child who falls a tantrum will suffer serious illness or die if he has successfully entered his shops.
It is a deficit of the hair of the presidency.
Anyone who does this should give the child money quickly or borrow money from his head.
The goal would end the child with serious illness.
It's only the child's mother who can touch this little girl's clients.
Religion's moral breakdown
The news stated that it is the native doctors who cause the child's head fall
Celebrity in videos and inflation is used by many people
The boy will grow, be a child speaking.
Her family will ask her what she wants to have to wear her down.
Everything he wants in the meeting will be given him.
Uka Kraist
The Igbo land is where the faith of the members of the Kraist community is well expressed.
This has caused many Igbo lamena to change.
Now many Igbos are not convinced that the wicked spirit creature who resides in the development of any child falls down to the world.
But they still take such a child from house to house as the priests prayed to him.
Dr Anthony Mgbolu told the Igbo BBC that the collapse of the house is what leads to the family.
What Igbo kolanut described in the fall of the princes
A professor of African and linguistics at the University of Lagos, Chiagozie Nnabuihe explained to the Igbo BBC in ancient times that there is no belief in the kidnappers.
Nnabuihe stressed that if an Igbo in the olden days had a conviction on the basis of their dad should give him a name.
In his words: 'Dada is a name given by yoruba.
The Igbos who fall down are due to their relationship with the Yoruba.
But is it really bad?
Nnamdi Daniels is an actress.
Many people we interviewed said that there is no harm in the head but in the right, many people still see those who have fallen from the headache as bad.
Daniels's father is a headman who told the Igbo BBC that he has demeaned for insulting him for his demeanor.
In his words: 'Echeteram once I traveled to Niger State University.
The security guard began to question me for my demeanor. This caused me a lot of shame.'
Government has eliminated Codiene's drug after 2 million
Health Ministry has arrested the fight of more than 2 million codiens and others
Codiene
children and codices
The federal government has said that they have removed more than two million codiene from the market in Nigeria.
Minister of Health, Prof. Professor Isaac Adewole said this when his workshop failed and Codiene's problems came to hire him their investigation.
He also said that this is because you showed that the government insisted that their objectives were to fight codiene in Nigeria.
Bechi Codeine: Drugs Are less expensive
Nafdac has defeated Emzor and others
Adewole said that his company in the National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control in English were collaborations.
Remember in the May of this year, BBC released a video showing the need for codiene storing in Najiiah.
It is the time for the video to appear to the government that they will respect the position of medicine.
The government says that they are still looking into other people's nerves because of mines.
An interesting story
2019 Election: see how some Igbos want to contest
Why do the Igbos usually go to these churches?
Why Igbos expel people from the evil forest
Woe is the place where Igbos cross the land but they oppress the people they leave behind in the bush?
Representatives
Igbo passes different spirits
Why does Igbo call evil forest?
Do you know that evil forests are still in Igbo land?
What is the evil forest?
A professor of African and linguistics at the University of Lagos, Chiagozie Nnabuihe explained to Igbo BBC that roared this place of spirit bush, doesn't become a bad forest as many people now call it.
According to Igbo, tolerance is a shrine where they transmit the deity of the land.
And where they decamp from the land they are cursed.
In Igbo land, God is most important, but the spirit is the land.
Nnabuihe explained that the Igbo land adopted belief in the land is the spirit that produced the world's eggs.
Does he have a spirit that resides in a child who is born with bida?
will you do the kind of sacrifices that were made in the olden days?
Too bad land (behaviour is to decompose)
Igbo believes that the land is seeing everything, this means that there is no bad thing you will hide in his eyes.
The Wild is still Igbo until now
The land will embrace this person completely.
See the disease of the land that combines it
leprosy (Leprosy)
Suggestions
The answer (Dropsy)
Living (hernia)
Nnabuihe explained at that time, no doctor will try to cure the diseases mentioned.
Each person who has taken a diagnosis should freely confess his horrible conduct before he dies.
If he does not say how bad he has done, they will remove him from the spirit bush.
Do you know the gods that the Igbos are passing in the old days?
Things you don't like to do next to an Igbo.
Other things such as fornication or another person's wife, or study of the remedy and therapy can make the land cursed.
Release is not bad
As the Father explained, the exclusion was due to defending his children and his family.
What is the most faith in Igbo society
Igbo in the olden days believed that anyone who welcomes the angry man has taken the land to his family.
Where is the spirit forest in Igbo now.
National Question in Imo state
Thorn in Okija
The goal of the migration
Alas
Adultery
Igbo culture is exposed
Nnabuihe said that the worst thing is happening now in Igbo land.
He said: 'The Igbos have been exposed by the Ormena in Igbo land because of the Kraist church in Igbo land, people have denounced this spirit forest, no one is deposing the forest'
An interesting story
The woman is found in Twitter for what she said
New politicians are the target of social media
Ahmed Musa: Al Nasr has accepted it today
It has long been rumbled that Musa can transfer to Al Nasr but now, has spoken it out.
Ahmed Musa
One person whom people think he will join a football club in Ahmed Musa
But now, Musa was assassinated in the end of the world cup of nations has gone from Leicester City to Al Nasr of Saudi Arab.
It is not known how much they have used to buy it from Leicester City but it is grown to 17 million pounds and a half.
Do you know that women are working with the Super Eagles?
The Super Eagles are like a bride
World Cup 2018: Why Nigerians thank Ahmed Musa
Leicester City first purchased it from the CSKA Moscow in 2016 but he returned there during the 2017 player.
After Iko the world cup, the people thought it would go to Gasaray because the supporters of the group called it very much.
The superstitious video shows how a new one has said to him 'burden and welcome him in their group.
Meanwhile, Ahmed Musa has not said anything over this popular issue.
Babatunde Fashola said that Nigeria and electricity are now fearing.
'Obre and what Babatunde Fashola said about electricity is true, it will be a great thing to the investors in Nigeria.
Rain
Nigerians have been accustomed to light
Minister of fire, work and buildings Babatunde Fashola said that the electricity in Nigeria has reached 7,000 megawatt.
Fashola said this in Kalaba, the capital of Kros Riva state yesterday.
The electricity will not shine for 2023 - latch workers
PHCN should give you three months before the light is over - A lawyer
Fashola is in Kalaba where the leaders of his departments are meeting.
He said that despite the remaining job, his departments have increased the electricity in Nigeria than ever since they started in 2015.
Fashola 'Exis' three Coordinators together with Buhari's Government
Last year, electricity production was a serious problem in Nigeria.
Then, those who are accustomed to saying that they have no one to give to the Nigerians.
Then, we are bringing 2,690 to Nigerians, but the report has changed.
What we can now, is megawat 5,2222, which is the most significant Nigerian musician.
Now, the result is megawat 7000, and is about 7000.
And problems are still, but we will say that we are moving ahead.
The news that will interest you:
'They is your child's chance to get breasted'
The Igbos are contesting for the king in Kano
Residents have been shot dead at Port Harcourt
How to make your children rejoice during holiday seasons
But with money and without money, see what some things you and your children can do during this long holiday season.
Students and Oprah Winfrey
The time has come again when students have special vacations because it is too long.
Some parents have approved how to take their children to a school called 'Summer Lesson' but not all children will be interested.
If you are not among those who will take their children to 'Summer Lesson', see what you have to do to them.
Women want governments to pay their money
4 out of 12 children have been kidnapped in Thailand cave
Buhari: Fight against child abuse
Kuzieh them how to swim
Foundation is a way for your children to pause and learn to defend themselves if they fall into the water.
It will also make them feel tired as they can sleep and grow up.
Fivelia took them to this day.
LIVE them with artificial arts and other
Teach them how to dance
Igbo believes!
Is there any greater fear of the timene?
No!
will we teach our children?
Yeseee
Classical history
Do you know the first day of the guy in Igbo land?
Do you know the name of the first man who disqualified himself
You may know this and have your children taken care of.
One way you can do this is by taking them to a showy display in Igbo land.
Television
Take them to where they will learn business.
This they will be able to learn a job that can provide them with food in the future if they do not get a job at the end of the mahadam.
One Generation
At the end of the day, if you are an admirable customer, this long period is when you can put them in a nutrient or a generation in your community.
This will make them truly wise, conscience on the Igbo culture and its critical place.
The news that will interest you:
'They is your child's chance to get breasted'
Why Igbo people dislocate from evil forest
Woman himself, while another kidnapper slapped Tramadol
The academics have said that it is a serious crime that has caused many objects of joo including the new pollution in Nigeria.
Edgal Imohimi
The commissioner of police in Lagos state Edgal Imohimi said that they have decreased the power of the Igbos in Ikorodu
The police arrested a woman that kidnapped her husband for 15 million in Ogun state.
Also, a kidnapper was arrested while he went to kidnapping and fell asleep after taking Tramadol drugs.
But psychologists are psychologists saying that the kind of crime and misbehavior are
Mikel's father has been rescued from kidnappers
Femi Joseph and his men attacked his owner's businesses but he fell asleep after receiving a tramadol from the store.
As the artist explained that the time they came to the hospital owner shouted and ran away from the house.
As the police spokesman in Ondo State said, but as they did not get what they wanted, one of them began to eat just because of the tramadol he had taken.
He slept 24 hours after he died.
Tramadel's rumour was also obtained in her bag.
On the other hand, a woman named Hadijat Kabir and two others including a man and another woman who schemed a scheming conspiracy and his husband and his 15 million naira.
The commissioner of police in the state, Imohimi Edgal, said it was his complaint that the investigation caused them to investigate that his wife was the conspirators and the administrators.
Okammuta in the matter of human actions and lecturer in Ebonyi State University, Nnachi Amos, said that it is not the cause of corruption but much bad now.
Some are harmful cylinders by having serious misbehaviour.
His counterpart in Federal Neuro-Pychiatric Hospital in Yaba, Lagos, confirmed Okonkwo in what Amos said.
Their heads are complete.
If you look, kidnappers are not easy tasks.
Crime is more serious.
The news that will interest you:
Ozubulu Church Massacre: A year has passed
Can a man and a woman be just friends?
Things you don't like to do next to an Igbo.
A kidnapper has died nine days later
The police in Ondo state have said that the kidnapper does not slander the one he has gone to desist from sabbath because of his
A sleepy person
BBC interviewed that he was a kidnapper who should receive treatment
The spokesman of the Ondo police, Femi Joseph has told journalists that a kidnapper has arrested the Nigerian definit.
Remember that he is sleeping after the police have arrested him in August 5 of the drug treatment.
Joseph said that the kidnapper in the hospital in the state had been trying to do so.
A kidnapper should receive treatment - Dibia
Evans's lawyer has decamped his case
What is the focus of the kidnappers?
In his words, 'The investigator died nine days after we arrested him.
We thought we would cure her so that she would help us in our investigation, but she died yesterday.
This can be from the power he has taken.
We used this opportunity to advise parents to know what kind of friend they are having.
Akuko said that the kidnapper went to denounce the drug but the person was ablaze.
He and his team later took a person, Daudu Wale his caveumtum, while he went to the hospital where one of them was arrested.
The news that will interest you:
What will you tell the Nnamdi Kanu if you meet him on the road?
A baby was lost in Onitsha today
Buhari and Osinbajo will contest in 2019?
Five projects you can start with N10,000
His speech stirred many hatreds toward the influentials in Nigeria and the federal government.
Another story is the story of a Igbo woman named Boko Haram.
Aisha Wakil told BBC Igbo how he trained children by Boko Haram today
Remarkable news in Nigeria gave birth to threeteen-year-old thirteen years later, to Igbos and to all Nigerians happy.
Abaribe's words about the popular musicians in 2018
The international competition also attracted the Igbos to the mind.
World Cup: Real
The next is the news of the Ipob women's insistence on 140 in Orient.
The women see in today's house.
Our women did not violate every law - Ipob's lawyer
The IPOB women have been disqualified in O
Water drowned in Igbo in 2018
Their story stirred the scheme for IVF.
Five months from Regina Pacis school in Onitsha also insulted the Igbos when they reached the goal of Technovation 2018 by being the world's cylinder.
The news that will interest you:
Trembling will start on January 1 - the Nigerian army
Green Revolution: The things Shagari produced Nigerians
How to escape attacks and celebrations
Second Niger Bridge as a promise to a woman
Igbo Tradition: Why a woman is married in Igbo land
For a while people are asking why a woman is married in some parts of Igbo land, the story is explained.
Man and woman are partners
Igbo does not welcome a man and a woman to live out of wedlock
The story of some youths or young people who love each other is often mentioned and agreed to live together as husband and wife, but they did not celebrate marriage customs as they should.
There are also occasions when accidents are seen in this situation, especially the woman's being in the house of the man dies without any customary ceremony.
A woman's place in Igbo land
Five things that interest women
Is it a custom to end in Igbo land?
Meanwhile, this usually includes families and families in the rehabilitation.
As a result of this sad situation, some Igbo towns, made it compulsory that a man will give birth to a woman living with him, which he never did when he was alive.
The purpose of marriage:
In Igbo, it doesn't believe that a man has married, if he has not done anything in his own way.
If he did that of the court, he was expected to come and do things as the owners wished.
According to customist specialist, Nze Olueze Golden Rule (The Second Region) on Friday, Isu in Nwangele of Imo state told the Igbo BBC, the law is very effective in their country, and that has different punishments.
Alert from life, she married her in death, is the process of many cultures.
But in Akokwa and Imo state, the plan is not to sell, whereas the house of a bridegroom carries their child's corpse and goes to their home.
Fighting Circumstance:
The person would come to tell my children that their child has fever (no not necessarily tell them that he has died).
They will follow him to visit their child, when they see his corpse, they will accusing him of killing their son, which will make him stand in his arms.
To show that he did not kill him, he would give the woman's corpse
She will come to marry him
He will return and then tell those who have lost a child and his wife
The man will then go on to celebrate his burial ceremony.
What will happen to a person who refuses to marry:
According to Nze Ukajuojuha, these are things that will happen to a person who refuses to marry a woman who is not satisfied with the basic things:
That one will receive punishment in various ways
And evil things happen to the person
The same person is not successful
The person may also die shamefully
But the person may repent, minimise if all the things started to befall him.
What the person will do if he repents
If the man lost his ears and then repented of the spoils of his legs, these things he will do:
The one will send the elders of the community to come and cause the soil to
He will be punished by ensuring that he achieves the things he needs to do on the two pieces.
2019 elections: The National Chairman-General of the President – Muhammadu Buhari
The Nigerian president Muhammadu Buhari is contesting as the president of the round time, in the quest of his sensational desire under the leadership of the governing party.
President Muhammadu buhari
President Muhammadu Buhari is voting now to become the third Nigerian president.
He first came to power in December 1983 (1984) as the Nigerian army and the desire for power, but some of his conspirators lost Buhari in 1985.
BBC's debate is on the way now.
Buhari later became the president through sensitisation in 2015, as the attempt to bring him three times free seats.
As he is ruling as a military person, Buhari has no substitute for titles.
Despite query in the quest for a democracy, many people in prison for Buhari refused to disqualify them as the court did.
The 76 - year - old man took oaths in 2015, and promised to fight against corruption and intolerance, as well as promote the Nigerian economy.
Four years are coming to the end but many people don't believe that what he did means seeing.
He promised that he would defeat the Boko Haram fighting in Nigeria against the targets of dividing a nation of worship in eastern Nigeria, but these entrepreneurships have recently been acquisitioned for Buhari's purpose in seat on the grounds by attacking the part of the country.
The spokespersons agree that Buhari will meet up with the fight against an unnatural candidate whose name is more likely to sound than the PDP flag, Atiku Abubakar is also the worshiper of Nigeria as Buhari.
Buhari is the one who has the All Progressives Congress (APC) has a reputation for being an honest person within Nigeria, even though many people see his votes as a means of gaining wealth.
The news that will interest you:
Nearly 'Ake Eke II' la Nnamdi Kanu - Buratai
I am not confident about crime in the 2019 election— Atiku
Nigeria Election 2019: those contesting in
Do you know the six people are the best of those contesting for the 2019 election?
BBC will bring them out.
Those contesting for presidential election
See six persons contesting for the most prominent and deputy president:
While the election in Nigeria is the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) published a document that more than 70 candidates are contesting for the presidential election in 2019, BBC Igbo wants to show you whose names are most loud.
The elections in the Eastern Region have burnt
I will not be like Tinubu to tell people whom they will vote
Peter Obi will not give you money but he will support every right work'
Of these six persons and their deputies, there are three of them; one is contesting for the other deputies.
1) Muhammadu Buhari and Yemi Osinbajo
Buhari and Osinbajo have ruled Nigeria since 2015 under the All Progressives Congress (APC)
Who is Muhammadu Buhari?
she was born on December 17 , 1942
He has ruled Nigeria twice; as a soldier and a civilian
He contested for the president three times (2003, 2007 and 2011) before his arrival in 2015
Likewise, the president, who is also the Minister of oil production in the land.
Who is Yemi Osinbajo?
she was born on March 8, 1957
He was a priest in Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCG)
He rescued Buhari's vice president in 2015
He is also a lawyer reaching a matter.
Atiku Abubakar and Peter Obi
Atiku and Obi are crossing the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the 2019 election.
Who is Atiku Abubakar?
She was born on November 25 , 1946
He was the vice president from 1999 to 2007
He has contested for the president as the owner of his party twice; in 2007 under AC and 2018 under the PDP
He is a businessman with many different businesses
Who is Peter Obi?
she was born in July 19 , 1961
He won the governor of Anambara state under the party of APGA in 2003 but he did not climb a seat until March 2006 when he won in court but later in November.
He eventually returned to his seat in February 2007, and left May Andy Uba's time defeated him, but the court demanded that he be left for four years.
He climbed down a seat like the governor of Anambara in 2014 after twice
He is an expert on economic matters
3) Oby Ezekwesili and AbdulGaniyu Galadima
Galadima the chairman of the party Allied Congress Party of Nigeria (ACPN) they wanted to contest
Who is Oby Ezekwesili?
she was born on April 28 , 1963
It is the Minister of Transportation from 2005 to 2006 and of education from 2006 to 2007
She joined the ring Back Our Girls (BOG) in charge of kidnapped Chibok children since 2014
She won, she will be the first woman to become the president in Nigeria
Who is Ganiyu Galadima?
she was born on July 1964
She studied at the University of Kwara state where she later became one of the leadings of the school.
He was the former presidential candidate under the ACPN in 2015
He is a businessman
Kingsley Moghalu and Umma Getso
Moghalu and Getho contested under the Young Progressive Party (YPP)
Who is Kingsley Moghalu?
she was born on the seventh of May 1963
This was the first time he contested the politics of Nigeria
She graduated from school and received a certificate as a university lawyer
He is also an expert on economic security.
He built as a churn in the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) Central Bank of Nigeria.
Who is the Umma Getso?
she was born in 1981
The Vice Chairman of the party YPPP
He is a businessmaker, as well as an administrator of the rights of women.
5) Omoyele Sowore and Rabiu Ahmed Rufai
Sowore and Rufai are contesting under the African Action Congress (AC)
Who is Omoyele Sowore?
she was born on February 16, 1971
He is a person who is accustomed to the rights of the person.
She started her while still in the university
The news agency 'Sahara Reporters'
AAC pati AAC in August 2018
Who is Rabiu Ahmed Rufai?
she was born on July 1976
He is an English doctor or a tool specialist in medical matters
He formerly adopted a lecture at Bayero University in Kano
6) Fela Durotoye and Khadijah Abdullahi-Iya
Durotoye and Abdullahi-Iya is contesting under the party Alliance for New Nigeria (ANN)
Who is Fela Durotoye?
she was born on May 12, 1971
He went to Obafemi Awolowo University in Ile-Ife
He is the one teaching people how to use money, as well as the one who uses words to stir people's spirit
He is contesting for the president under the party Alliance for New Nigeria (ANN)
Who is Khadijah Abdullahi-Iya?
He is the founder of women's management 'Women Community of Africa (WCA) and the Republic to Riches (R2R)
He is also a lawyer
What kind of person would you like?
Imomo Election Results: seven major points of Uche Nwosu
Only Uche Nwosu came to interview BBC for the governorship election in Imo state.
Igbo BBC was surprised when the debate was made by the governors in Imo state but it was a surprise to Imo and a member of the four that promised BBC Igbo that they would come to the debate.
The Imo state APC spokesman has followed Uche Nwosu
Imo APC Primaries: Uche Nwosu has been rescued as the governor of Imo
These guys are Emeka Ihedioha PDP, Hope Uzodimma of APC and Ifeanyi Ararume of APGA.
The Igbo BBC chairman Adline Okere said that only Ararume, who told him that he could not come because he was developing his voyage.
That's what happened at about half the hour.
In the match he came, Uche Nwosu promised that he would pay thirty dollars as a minimum if the Federal Government hiped him.
Nwosu went on to say that his party has no one contesting for presidential elections while he speaks to the support of President Muhammau Buhari
The next thing he said is; 'O there's nothing in 'manifesto' I can't do.'
Seven key words of Uche Nwosu said:
Uche Nwosu entered the APC to AA to contest for the governorship election in Imo state
Nwosu expressed what he will do for the state of Imo if he takes the lead in March 2019.
Buhari for President: 'Pe can break Uche Nwosu'
It is not true that Action Alliance did not pay Nwosu back - Obidiche
Look, see what it did in minuite and minuite:
I will bring education to an end by a church assembly
I will be made free of health for children, the pregnant tuberculosis and the elders
I will bring youths into the field ministry
I knew which allows for political matters
I will be made to revive the lives of the Imosites
I will pay N300,000 minimum wages and the federal government will register it
I will look into the fields of resting
An interesting story
Uzodimma, Ihedioha and Ararumma did not come to Igbo debate.
Atiku entered the United States with a question to carry us-Lai Mohammed
What Nigerians are saying about Atiku's journey in Amerika
Atiku: Abuja burns like Atiku returns to America's journey
Reported on Atiku Abubakar's return, fire fires broke out the Guinness industry, President Buhari and the economy of the politicians, Onnoghen, Mexican accidents and other stakeholders.
Important kolanut:
The PDP members and those who are interested in Atiku Abubakar are on the post of Nnamdi Azikiwe in Abuja to welcome Abubakar, who has traveled to the United States.
Atiku and the president of the Nigerian House, Bukola Saraki, traveled two days in the country while Atiku explained, he was employed by the National Assembly and the Transportation officers.
Atiku will join in the competition of the presidential candidates on Saturday night in Abuja.
Fire burns in the Guinness Garden
Fire fires fires the Guinness Institute in Osisioma Industrial Layout, Aba, Abia state of Fraide.
The fire which lasted six hours was fire services by the fire services, as well as the other industry nearby, the police and the villagers helped to turn it off.
Guiness spokesperson, Nike Onakoya told Igbo BBC that the fire did not harm the man which he was making.
He also said the production of their wine was still effective in their lakes in Benin and Ogba,Lagos Breweries.
There is no harm or serious damage caused by what happened as the state of Aba is due to wrestling and there are few workers.
We always made my industry a lot in our lake in Benini and Ogba (Legus).
It is false news that Onnoghen is wanted
Femi Adesina is a well known journalist before the presidential service.
The House of Representatives has denied the news that the government wants to arrest the Nigerian lawyer, Justice Onnoghen, is false news.
The spokesman of the presidentsala Muhammadu Buhari, Femi Adesina stated on Facebook and the false report they made against the ruling party (Coalition of the United Political Parties (CUP)
Donald Trump: The
US government shut down last week because the senators did not support their budget
American president Donald Trump has said that progress has taken place in the matter of removal of the Nigerian Cup of Nations.
He said it is contrary to what the celebrants say that he has not yet reached the destination.
Liverpool and Crystal Palace lost him
In sports
Liverpool defeated Crystal Palace with 3 goals to 2 in Assompier league they did on Saturday.
Government will empower the victims of corruption
President Muhammadu Buhari has said that his government will collect collect collectively from politicians who are involved in corruption and corruption.
Buhari said this in Kaduna is where he went to the business yesterday.
He said that it is because he does not want to do what he said in 1985, to return the victims to their wealth.
The Nigerian Federal High Court has embarked on Onnoghen's explor
Reports pointing us to the Federal Government have gone to the court of the Code of Conduct to ask that Governor Walter Onnoghen will be removed from office of the high court of Nigeria and the leader of the National Judicial Council.
The person who registered it with the name CCT is the Nigerian Professor Abubakar Malami
Overseas
Up to 20 people have died in Mexico as fire burns in fuel tanks.
Other victims were injured by the accident in Hidalgo state in central Mexico
In sports
Lobi Stars and Heartland FC met
Lobi Stars of Nigeria will meet Asec Mimosas of Ivory Coast today in the capital city, Abidjan and the second in CAF Champions League.
Lobi played a winner with the winner of the match against Mamolodi Sundowns in Enugu.
Listen to the following minutes:
Watch today's video:
Obasanjo: 'We want the president to see justice'
Nigeria's former god, Olusegun Obasanjo has said much about his sequel for what he said in Nigeria now and what he wants Nigerians to do about him.
Obasanjo
Olusegun Obasanjo has said that he does not think in Inec will act cylinderly during the coming month.
If they want to win the election, the present government will not give them a chance.
The union of Obasanjo has begun
The government has been voted in 2019 - Obasanjo
Obasanjo said this while bringing out the journalists he listed as 'Points for concern and telecommunication in the house where he was schooling in Abeokuta.
He said that what Nigeria wants now is the discreet president and is able to close the country.
Obasanjo said that Nigerians praise little Buhari did for them as he was in power.
In his words, 'Buhari was on our first trip, we will be fad or if we allow him to seduce us again.'
It took Buhari's leadership to the collaboration of a dynasty named Sanni Abacha when he was alive as the president.
The news that will interest you:
My son has been dead for financial security
Do you know the Igbo proverb?
28: Do you know the names of 91 party in Nigeria?
#BCNigeria2019
Atiku entered the United States with a question to carry us-Lai Mohammed
Olusegun Obasanjo: Why Atiku is
Obasanjo told BBC that he watched Buhari's action and saw that Atiku was better than two minutes.
In a conversation with BBC Yoruba, former Nigerian president, Olusegun Obasanjo said about the former vice and the 2019 governorship candidate, Atiku Abubakar.
He said that he told them now that he will name Atiku as Buhari because of what Buhari has done.
Those chosen among them are APC and PDP.
From what I have reproached Buhari-equalified and unrestrained, irresponsible, infractional weakness, insecurity and all other things compared to Atiku.
Atiku will be better than Buhari.
He also referred to Boko Haram and Independence National Electoral Commission (INEC).
Obasanjo explained that he believed that President Muhammadu Buhari, Atiku was jo, with the reason he urged the youths to take the lead in Nigeria's presidential election.
He also stated what happened before the military attacked the city of Odi in 1999, was when up to 2500 villages died from the army.
The discussion that will be delivered in desperation is the 22th of January 2019.
And the state of people and taking drugs cannot because they don't have enough money to go to the hospital.
As Oriuiakhi said, 'He is the kind of monster which some have been attacked against the thorns that have caused malaria to die.'
Four things you do not know about malaria
He said that some who are going to Kemist, denied the unprofitable drugs from those who used drugs.
This will happen that when they need it, it will not work on them.
He also said that this is near healthcare.
What will it do to prevent preventive drugs to function as it should?
Good training should be given to people for the use of vaccination.
Just when a pictor has written these vaccinations to a person has been written for a time when it should be heard.
Nutrition: Obesity is not your child's body
Antibiotics can't sell it to people but the person does not have the purse written.
'Culture and Sensitivity should also be held before vaccination.
The person does not go to the hospital to investigate for appropriate medicine.
The healthcare should explain to people the need to know how to take these vaccinations.
An interesting story
There is no money for the Imo state government.
The shutdown of Nigeria's headquarters and its implic
What will happen and stop the use of drained wagons?
Nigeria Vs Ukraine: Flying Eagles have eventually been better off.
Nigerians washed Tijani Mohammed with the match against Ukraine on Thursday.
Ademola Olajire
Flying Eagle's Music Games Instructures In Ukraine
Nigeria and Ukraine scored one goals in the Nigerian U20 World Cup in Ukraine on Thursday.
But Nigerians are not happy as the players of Flying Eagle played a 'band' in the competition as they were winning a cattle in the year.
Naijjiria's children grieved Tijani Mohammed by Flying Eagle as Nigeria is fighting in the match
Tijani scored a penariti, a trailer for Ukraine shortly before half the asset match.
That happened as Danylo Sikan of Ukraine scored their goals.
But Tijani made time for herself to score the goal in 47th minuite of the aspi.
Many Nigerians protested against Tijani.
Note what some said:
@10Qmedia said that Tijani Muhammed is the best player in Nigeria.
@vic_MLS Notes that Tijani lost the pension opportunity.
@rappatek said that the matchmaker Flying Eagles appointed Tijani on time.
@SSnetwork said that they did not play the same goal.
Jane Ada: I used to inculcate the Igbo world
Jane Ada, an Igbo man in the United States by his hand, explained how he came to see some of the gods in Igbo land
Jane Ada, who is known for artificial arts and bones, said that it is by removing the source of some Igbo deities.
Jane studied Sekon Enugu before going to the United States for a job said that she did not know when it started but that God gave her this special gift.
The idols that he has made include Amadioha and the land, two prominent people in Igbo land.
Listen to how he did that and his objective concerning Igbo culture and language.
The news reporters: Chioma Nkemdilim and Nnamdi Agbanelo.
Women's World Cup 2019: Super Falcons have played with Super Eagles.
Some female journalists have explained some of the problems that women play in Nigeria are
Women players have also said that the Super Falcons of Nigeria are more likely to play than their male counterparts.
They said that despite this, people are especially the most unrestrained women players in Nigeria and Africa.
They went on to say that this government does not concentrate on the feathers of women as they do and that of the natives is even more likely to win women than men.
That this is not the news of the various contests of women in Nigeria.
Nigeria vs Norway: Nigeria has defeated Nigeria today
Norway has taken three goals against Super Falcons in the world cup of women in France
Norway and Naíjiría are among the Nigerian Crusades in France
Norway has scored three goals against Nigeria in the world cup of women that started France today.
Norway's daughters played for a man while Nigerians made their woman until the vacation they started calling down only ghost at all.
France defeated Super Falcon
Why do the women's football not interested?
The first Norway goal at Reiten's 17th minuite (17) on the second half of the 13th minuite in the Utland foot (34 m) from Utland
The horrifying Nigerian is the one who wins the third goal of Nigeria in 37th minuites (37
Meanwhile, Nigeria now uses peanut mints from Francisca Ordega and Desire Oparanozie the first to win it is a book of caution and 13 minutes (13)
Norway defeated Nigeria with three goals when I regained Nigeria's rest, which Nigeria did not get its whispered after the competition.
On this Saturday, when the world cup of women who live in France, Nigeria and 24 other countries are part of it.
Nigeria is only one of the people who started the competition in Stade Auguste Delaune in France
Nigeria and South Korea will meet on Wednesday at two o'clock in Stade des Alpes, Grenoble
Spain has defeated South Africa with 3 goals.
An interesting story
Supreme court in Abuja has opened AIT again
NBC has decamped AIT, Ray Power of media
Why do the women's football not interested?
Nigeria vs South Korea: Falcon has defeated the eagle
The Falcons Nigeria has defeated their counterparts of Nigeria
Oshaola of Nigeria
The French football team has now burnt like Falcons of Nigeria.
Nigeria's first goal was from the Nigerian Saints when Kim Doyeon played on the 29th minuite.
This happened that from Technise VAR before welcoming the goal.
Asisat Oshoala showed the Koriaites that Nigeria did not come to child games in 75th minuite
Nigeria vs Norway: Norway has defeated Nigeria
He used the same goal to succeed in Nigeria to win the competition.
Finally, Nigeria won for the first time as Norway won them in their competition.
George Weah has met Buhari in Abuja
The leader of Liberia who was George Weah came to meet President Muhammadu Buhari on Thursday in the hearts of the government in
Weah came to meet Buhari
George Weah and Muhammadu Buhari
The leader of Liberia who was George Weah came to meet President Muhammadu Buhari on Thursday in the hearts of the government in
According to a contractor on social media issue issued by the president on Twitter, the two states president had a discussion on the issues of the two countries as it was on security and wealth.
Chiji Collins has been elected as Imo state House of Assembly.
The new legislators in Imoho state have defeated Maazi Chiji Collins as their spokesman
The boy, who represents the leadership of the United Nations Mbano state.
He was elected that no one challenged him.
This is the second time he goes to the house of senate after he has elected the first time in 2015.
Uloome the bill also elected Okechukwu Onyekanma, a representative of the state as his vice.
A laughter has decamped the headache in Ekiti
The town of Ilasa Ekiti State is now in an apology because of the death of a bullet who salutes a laughter because he refused to marry him.
The unnatural jersey manager locked the trillion while he went to drain the water and cut it to his head on Tuesday.
A man has burnt a woman and her family for friendly rejection
A man has killed his wife for jealousy
The mayor of the town, Ajayi Omolagba said that the former collabor had demolished his family according to Fulani's rules.
But the guys refused to give him a laughter that made him kill the gunman.
The Ekiti State police said that this was true, that they have arrested the man through the stamp they got.
Fire burns the shop in Port Harcourt
River River Coast has been accustomed to the Port Harcourt Shopping Mall Market.
The state Secretary, Tammy Danago, told the Uncovered Command that they will succeed in the business industry to start business today being kidnapped.
Vice President in Katsina
Advertisers have killed many people in Benue and other states in Nigeria
Reports to us are saying that kidnappers have kidnapped a throne in Garin Labo Kastina State.
The throne was on his farm when the kidnappers came to fight.
Overseas
It has been heard that the president of Mexico, Andres Obrador has said that he will sell an airport for the country's country to pass over the country of Amerika.
Obrador said that he would be on the public aircraft to ensure the implementation of his promise because American society wants to collapse their people.
In sports, Enyimba FC got prized as 'the best in Africa' in 2003
In sports, a friend has taken the Nigerian Premier league trophy by using three winners to win the United States yesterday.
Friends scored 12 points in their matches, while Reuben Bala, Stanley Dimgba and Abdulrahman Bashir scored a goal for Friend.
Listen to the news here:
Child trafficking: The police have kidnapped children in Imo state
The police in Imo said that Immaculata Edward kidnapped and sold 5 children from the same family in Ngor Akpala in the state.
The suspects kidnapped the children
The Operation Puff Adder's member of the Imo State police has arrested one of their heads for child abuse.
On the 24th day of Epurel, 2019, a woman named Immaculata Edward said that she was 31 years old from the town of Okondo in Cros Riva State, was kidnapped by a 5-year-old man named Ifaraisong in Ngor Okpala in Imo State.
NAPTIP has arrested child traffickers
Do not a native doctor is involved in child trafficking
Immacu reduced 5 children of her boyfriend from the parents they asked him to look after them.
These children are born to a mother including; Somto Eke, a six-year-old woman, Caleb Ekeh, a 5-year-old man.
Others are Chisom Ekeh, a three-year-old woman, Ebuka Im, a three-year-old man, Chioma Im, a five-year-old woman in Lucky Ida, a six-year-old man
Children are saved and their families
Immacu brought them to the deputy of child trafficking by Perpetual Lawji from Olabkwo, Imo State.
Perpetual invited two of these children and sold to Grace Nwachukwu from Aboh Mbaise and settled in Mpape Abuja.
Immacu has also stolen two children from the Cross River state and sold to Ifeoma Neoma Ndubuisi from Lokpa Abia State.
A Child saves and her parents
By investigating the police's rule, all the kidnapped children have been found and placed in their families.
In the inspection, five other children were saved from Perpetual Lawji and sent to the house of child supervision.
The suspects in this include Perpetual Lawji, Inngara, Immacué Edward, Grace Nwachukwu, Ifeoma Ndubu and Stephen Ezenwa.
Child trafficking is not a casual matter in Eastern Nigeria.
The news that will interest you:
There is nothing like the Igbo president - Okorocha
Does a married woman without a husband rejoice?
Rochas Okorocha has sworn as the Nigerian legislator
AFCON 2019: The E
This process will collaborate the African Cylinder which will start on the twentieth of the twelfth of the Jewish month in Egypt.
African cup
Inec Server: 'We have collected 'card reader's romance' all around a computer'
Inec said that the names of all those enrolled in the 2019 elections on their computer.
Festus Okoye and Emeka Unachukwu
The Inec minister Festus Okoye is insisting that the workers do not have 'Server' which allowed them to release the 2019 election.
Okoye said that the Nigerian law did not allow them to do the same.
Justice Garba has taken a seat in the judgment of Atiku and Buhari
The House of Assembly has declared the 2019 presidential election
In his neck, 'The Nigerian legislature gives permission to take up all the elections in the match with the EC8A to the location where they will be repatriated.'
Our Nigerian legislature is the election to do not know how to use the microscopic to deliver messages.
The 'Collation Officer' as it is their duty to carry these documents to the location where they are needed.
We never used the milling to send out the election.
Okoye agreed that those who placed their names in the 2019 elections in computer software, were given the names of all parties.
'Incident Form' will eliminate corruption in the election.
He emphasised that 'the only when the ballototing of the ballot was to be verified with the sava'.
He said that he does not know about your 2019 election in any sava.
And in the same way BBC also asked the famous columnist, Emeka Unachukwu what is 'server?
Unachukwu said that 'Server' is a collaborational collaboration of
He said that Inec could say that they did not have 'server' because he had another company that they were arrested but it was not true that they had no server in the mail.
He said that the Internet has its own 'server' while many people sing their message.
Unachukwu said that 'Inec will not say that they don't have sava because they have anywhere and they can decipher the seeds.
They may call this 'aft' but what it is sava because the manufacturer is those that can disprove or send it'.
He said that the bush was not a server'.
They invite people to take PVC with them ready for the election.
Unachukwu said that if he had been voted for the election to take place, Inec would also give him a 'server'.
But they can say that they have not placed 2019 in it 'server' that they have not done their jobs.
An interesting story
How to lose your baby with HIV
Are the Igbos involved in the leadership of Nigeria?
Breaking two months in less than a decade - Abia Teachers
Watch our video
World Donor Day 2019: What people are waiting for blood
As today is the time when the Igbo BBC's blood is remembered to ask people what they want and for the giving of blood.
Today, blood is being waited for 'World Blood Donor Day 2019'
BBC Igbo told people what they know about blood offering and what kind of person they are hearing about it.
Listen to them.
Diet and Dementia: How to use chocolate with
See this article to see how you can use good food to strengthen and maintain your balance.
Fruits and vegetables are designed to appear in the brain.
Learn about the diet that presides the brain is still giving you a long life in health.
Do you know Seven meals that can help you to cope with the problems of the integral brain?
Fifteen billions of people around the world are facing the loss of taxes and learning problems each year (WHO).
In addition to the fact that romance has been identified with the outcome of the election, but there is no sign that supports it.
Wine's wine, College, Curb, and College as well as the Champagne wine have become popular as food for brain problems.
But, is there any truth in those words?
Read what Sheila Dillon was found by the BBC when he interviewed the academics for the subject .
As you would like to cook, the foods that are signed for the good of your brain:
Food comes from wells
True protein, use small rumours and manufacture and manufacture of the Fatty Acids.
Its consumption comes at once or inria during the week with the big brain.
'vine' and other fruits are similar.
Look at the vinedress in your body
Coins such as 'Strawberries' and 'blurries' have a precluding block to the birth of the brain.
Popes and various nuts
Aki and the various postures in the game-ike and malnutrition
Neri and 30mg of different cosmetics, corn, berye, rice that is completed, mileast, 'oats' and also 'protein', 'mminerlas' and 'ashres' and 'abreshridres' as soon as the brain will disappear.
Taxes
Mental entrepreneurs and malnutrition
He said that the plants and vegetables that he posts in the brain are aware of what he is saying.
Vengemin B
Vengemson B: yelled
Few people have a cerebral palsy that helps Vicadating B ko ko ko ko ko ko contains very statistics of the brain.
Do you drink too?
Let us thank the old people of Olmec-Mexico for demonstrating the whole world cup of water.
Kooko is good for the nerve-pot service and bears sensational sensitivity.
But remember also as you drink the molten water containing sugarcane.
Ubebekee
You can get all over Ubebek
What contributed to the transformation of avocados throughout the world is that it helps to improve the quality of the brain.
Now be yellow?
All these foods are not difficult for you to get and others to change which you do not want from your gun.
But remember, these foods aren't about your brain, they are preparing your body for stability!
This essay is a revolutionary 'Diet and Dementia', which is unique to the 'BC's The Food Programme.
Mikel Obi: What I came to do but Iko AFCON
The leader of the Super Eagles player has concluded that it is victory that they come to do in Iko AFCON 2019.
Mikel Obi
The Sector Commanders of Nigeria - Mikel Obi
Mikel Obi will not play because the Super Eagles of Nigeria went to Egypt for the African Cup of AFCON 2019, has said that he has not come to play because he has come to play and he has taken up the AFCON cup of AFCON.
It is six years old Mikel Obi has touched the African Cup of Nations.
Slavery when Nigeria won in South Africa
Mikel will not compete in Poland
Mikel's Courage
Mikel's father has been rescued from kidnappers
The next time Mikel got spoil in Afka, in 2006 in 2010, Super Eagles got the third round.
In the days of AFCON, Mikel will select the young men with their very bloodshed for this year in Egypt.
Mikel said: 'It even though the Eaglesan members of the present Eagles are not skilled in meeting other African nations, the language will be given to such people as Samuel (chukwueze) and Paul (Onuachu) the opportunity to prove their display.
I also hope that we will go with a map and come home from the eagle.
The Super Eagles team
He also said that he appreciated the efforts of the Super Eagles despite their losses in the Uwa National Assembly.
Mikel believed that the ballet would be difficult but she believed that the Super Eagles's support would help them overcome the competition.
Remember , too, Mikel Obi scored the first Nigerian football in 2005 when Super Eagles met with a group of Libya national sports.
Mikel said in the match, you may be the one who makes the final decision in Super Eagles.
She said; 'He has been there for me to try her husband's mom.'
Ukraine and U20 world cup: South Korea has taken the lead in the world cup of U20
Ukraine has defeated South Korea for the first three goals in the youth world.
Ukraine vs South Korea
The Ukrainians have scored 3 goals against South Korea and once the world cup of nations under the age of 20 in Poland is Saturday.
This victory came after the South Koreans got penaritis in the early thirty- five minutes to be scored by Lee Kang-in.
Flying Eagles has taken over the king's view ofki.
Nigeria has reached the AFCON U20 competition
But Ukraine told South Korea that they are not in the limelight when Vladyslav Supriaga scored a goal in 34 minutes.
Vladyslav Supriaga said that the fifty-thought morning was when she scored the second goal in the South Korea competition.
The Koreans also called but Ukraine said that the length of my child had not grown up when they fulfilled it by Giorgi Tsitaishvili in 85 minutes.
The match against Saút Korea gharí
The world urged South Korea to pump at the end of the game.
This is the first time Ukraine is bringing it to the world cup after England two years ago.
An interesting story
What I was about to do but not Iko AFCON' - Mikel Obi
Chimaroke is suspended to the trial court again, yet another Ah wants to be suspended to women's disqualification.
They want them to produce good tissue
Igbo women dress well everyge.
Igbo women are looking for young natives
Whatever a man gets involved, a Igbo woman will support her.
They want to get involved in late work, they don't want to stay away.
Everything a woman finds to do, she will do it
The news that will interest you:
INEC agrees with 'card  Reader'
China has made Xi the president until death
Rwanda: A
Dapchi children: Fight has failed between Buhari and Jonathan
Fighting has failed between Buhari and Jonathan for the kidnap of Dapchi students in the Northern Regional region of Nigeria.
Buhari embarked on a visit to an unforgivable communities in Nigeria which Taraba, Plateau, Benue before going to Yobe.
The president of Mohammadu Buhari said that he is still the former president in the past, Goodluck Jonathan is looking into the kidnapping of children
He said this yesterday when he made a visit to the city of Dapchi of Yobe state, where the children were kidnapped last month.
He denounced Jonathan's rule and the Chibok students when they were kidnapped in 2014, absent.
Some students are kidnappers
But Buhari's statement has resulted in various dispersions through many people.
The spokesman of the 'Bring Back Our Girls', Sesugh Akume has said that the president has not tried.
Akume said, 'We are not happy, this is four years of the kidnap of Chibok children, and now in the town of Dapchi as Buhari's leader plays a gymnast of Jonathan in his own time.
It has reached a month the children were kidnapped, but now the government is on the move.
Nowhere do they say all they were supposed to have been adopted by Dapchi's children.
The president agreed to Dapchi's parents that the kidnapped children would be delivered.
Jonathan's Special Assistant Reno Omokiri said that Buhari's son Yusuf Buhari is Yusuf Buhari who has more pain than Dapchi's children.
He said that the time of the kidnap of Chibok children, Jonathan called on security councils, while Buhari canceled the security meeting during the kidnap of Dapchi children.
He also said in the time of Yusuf Buhari had an automobile accident that Buhari posted all his journeys, and went to visit his son in the hospital.
The news that will interest you:
Dapchi's parents inaugurated Abuja
Another psychologist, Femi Fani-Koyede and tuwi, said:
Jonathan's spokesman Reuben Abati said that in twitter;
Other Nigerians reason on twitter;
Is it a custom to end in Igbo land?
A baby is born, a back, with water, the sounds and the bows and the bows. That is what is called a debt.
A baby and its mother
Correspondent Igbo, who has been in the olden days and still has been doing until now.
The treatment of medicine in Igbo culture is a time when a mother is coming to visit her daughter and child (which is her child).
Some time, if a woman does not have a mother (less her mother is dead), her father's wife or mother will stay in her home and look at her debt.
Five things that interest women
Women have replaced their headown in a new form
The value of a woman is not the kitchen
The reason she is a thankless woman but a man, is that she is the most prominent woman in her history because she has gone through the situation itself.
The time of debt is when the mother is teaching her daughter everything she knows about caring for a newborn baby.
Some time, it was the mother of the child that left, the mother of her mother came to see her own debt.
A woman with a baby is taking advantage of the rest of her mother's health care.
What a mother does in treatment
A mother will give her daughter what will cause her breast milk
A mother will prepare her foods that will make her well
A mother will pick up hot water in the womb and other locations she wants, and then use it as a heat (robb, aboniki)
A mother will feed a baby, wash it and show it
He will save the baby, and put it to death
He will ensure that his child is on the outside outside of the refrigerator with hot water and salt and antibiotics, which will make it possible for innocent blood to be released.
He will be assassinate to make it possible today if they were to appear before he was pregnant.
The mother will urge her daughter because she has been in the first place.
He will also perform other household chores as housekeeping and cooking families.
The benefits of debt
The debt is the time of the mother, the baby, and its baby develop a good relationship called 'abonding'. For this is how many mothers go wherever their child is born, both in homes or in overseas, to spend up to three months or more.
She will call on her daughter the meaning of her baby's whisper, or shell or torment.
Eating Nutrition
The bride has foods that she eats. Some are to drain blood ingrained during the baby's womb. These foods are both roots and potatoes.
With loud water
Use hot water
Ocean
pharmaceutical pharmaceutical
Typho
Mealtime
Fishing and Cycling
Breast
Ehuru and a slave
Answers
Mrs
Any food will have good luck
It is said that the sound prevents pregnancy and other diseases like justice.
Women's foods should not be eaten in spices
Shoplifting
Fears, generations and any oil oil oil
Peanut
Each food has fats (Janu doesn't eat because it is eaten with fat intake or in the body)
The news that will interest you:
Is the head of a woman needed today?
Have you ever watched a woman like a man?
Five things that interest women
What is your aim for returning?
Disappointment
Debt of debt, a female who is in charge will get a lot.
Visitors will bring him a variety of gifts such as money, burials, shoes, bags, foods, and then on.
He will be bought with salt and soap she will return to his neighbours.
Ozubulu women have shown signs
Reported that the women of Ozubulu dressed as the ladies went to the police headquarters in Amawbia to plead for shelter.
Armed mob attacked St. Phillips last year
The women of Ozubulu under Ekwusigo and Anambra state went to the police station in Amawbia to plead for the yesterday.
They did this for the establishment between those who thought they were attacking the church in their town on 6th year.
They said that these people are afraid of their lives that it is because of this they are seeking to cover the evidence against those who attacked them in court.
They carried a 'We' we wanted to complete axis' and we wanted to cover the court.
What a witness said about the murder of Ozubulu
The spokesperson for police in Anambra, Nkiruka Nwode told Igbo BBC that what the women need is for peace to take place in their
Nwode said that the women doing the pleaded with the police were preparing to go to court for the killing of their country.
The Chief Police Command in Anambra State, Garba Bamaru gave support to the women, urged them to go.
Umaru told the women that if I am here, there is nothing to do to you, I will see that you got justice.
What happened in Ozubulu
Armed robbers went to St. Phillips of Katolilik's Cylinder to kill people while they were at church.
This attack took 11 persons to life in August 6, 2017.
The news stated that the issue between two people living in the country of Saut Afirika took the matter.
This led to the investigation of the Nigerian police in Saut Africa in the matter.
The accustomed to their conspiracy became a concern: President Mbanefo, 46, Chukwudi Ugwu, 30 and Chinedu Akpuno, 44
The case is still in court where witnesses appear every day
The news that will interest you:
The Timbershade Market is on the run
The value of treatment in Igbo culture
Two Nigerian soldiers in Plateau have been killed
People are insulting me for not marrying me
In Igbo land, a young woman for thirty years has suffered discomfort, cockroaches and other challenges.
Victims who are courting a bridegroom
The unmarried ladies are being tormented
Nkiru (which does not include his father's name as we promised him) is over 30 years working as a receptionist at their office in Lagos but he has not yet been married.
Nkiru told BBC journalist that his position was insulting him, oppression, violence and cruelty from his family and people.
The last time I went to home, the house we told me that I had returned home if he carried that no man I had returned with hands.
He also lamented that his uncle (or dead) does not give him and his sister their rights because they are not yet married.
Listen to what Nkiru said:
The people said to me and came home again but I didn't see a husband
In Igbo land, polygamy is a clue for an adult
According to a study by the National Demographic and Health Survey in 2013, women from Nigeria, 16 to 15 years of age, 28.2 percent, while 35 years of age between 9 and 894.
The value of treatment in Igbo culture
Will this dissolve in Igbo land?
This makes it clear that marrying, the president has bought ethnic group in Nigeria.
But if a woman is old enough to get married but she does not, especially in the Eastern part of Nigeria, she is expected to suffer some, even the results have been created in life.
Does it happen?
As the professors of social studies called 'sociologists' explains, the cause of bullying or the persecution of women who did not marry is a culture culture and a lack of understanding.
In his remarks, Dr Adedeji Oyenuga is the founder of 'Sociology in Lagos State University, explained that it is a countrymena and that some parents who have not married their child are not married to an indication that they are not properly trained by their child.
He had a child from the land. He had a child to look on his parents, but when a child becomes a nicotine himself, romance is considered to marry and a lady if she doesn't have one thing, if she doesn't look like a woman, but the mother and her father will be proud to be a failure in her up.
Dr Nkechi Emma-Echiegu who is a lecturer in Ebonyi State University also said that he is a polic.
In Igbo land, it is no longer a baby, the bridegroom is rejected.
He went on to say that it is a ruse that is insulted or abused as a result of not married
Listen to her grief:
What's timely for not having a husband:
Dr Adedeji Oyenuga said that the reason behind the inadequate marriage is a woman who is reading a book that can make her frozen ro
Also, the women's feat is like the food of the nuns. He also said that the native is more likely to be taken away from their birth than the women who are committed to marrying the partners.
The feud of persecution against the unmarried maiden
According to Oyenuga's Experts, the mask against the aggressor is not yet known as a drinker of alcohol, drunken smoke, aggression by the administrators, aggression, which can cause death, drowns.
Echiegu said that it can lead to various catastrophes that could lead to ravages of thought, misbehavior, misbehaviour, remarriage, sanitary, and violent death.
They said that understanding will help you stop the ruthless fool that causes unwed women to be seen as incomprehensible.
In Oklahoma, a woman will go to prison for her child's marriage
A mother has been sentenced to two years in prison for her daughter in Oklahoma in America
Patricia Ann Spann and her son,Misty Dawn Spann
Her son is born in the brain
Patricia Ann Spann, aged 45, admits that she and her daughter, Misty Velvet Dawn Spann, was married and had a relationship with her bloodshed.
The woman was taken from her children when they came together again in 2014.
They got the time to get married to each other in the area.
The researchers found that Patricia Ann Spann had married his son at the age of 18, when the boy was killed in 2010
An interesting story
The former Katolic legacy has been married
The people said to me and came home again but I didn't see a husband
Dangote has married in Kanor
It is the visiting department of the woman and her son when they visit their home.
According to the newspaper, Misty Spann destroyed his connections with his mother in October last year after the debate that his mother had been led to the party.
Misty Spann said that his mother had said that she and her three lawyers who advised her confiscation continued that the coup was not in the collaboration.
Patricia Ann Spann said that he believed their unions were unlawful because his name was not registered in his daughter's birthday book as his mother met each other two years before collaboration.
Misty Spann admits that he had violated the law on the relationship between the blood and the timing of ten years for investigation and nepoturing of conscience.
While his mother is Patricia will investigate eight years of imprisonment he was imprisoned, his name will also be put to the ground as a kidnapper and come out of jail.
In the Oklahoma area of Oklama, draining one's blood is blood pollution if they have no relationship with them.
Igbo food: What you don't know about what you eat
The salad is a popular food in Igbo, and it is a Igbo minimum.
Neighbor
It is designed to decay before it takes its fruit
Many Igbos know that they don't know how to produce cough before it is eaten.
There is a tree that produces a large stadium called 'breadfruit'. Its cluster of clusters finishing schools, while the seeds in it produce what we call.
The galaxy, it fell from its tree to the ground, was allowed to decay before it was broken and the Igbos said that 't until it falls.
Before eating, it will take different roads like:
The Head
Its opening
But to see it in the fire
Prepare for cooking
Neighbor
Oil
Some also include it in addition, magg and shave.
Some buy fish where some feed vegetables
Some also produce grain
Some add cylinders
And till the time he falls
How to use it
These things you will do before your head:
Wash your bottle so as to ensure that it is not in rocks.
Put it in a 'pressure pot' and water it will be covered with urine
Some help outbursts or excuses to keep it written and uncovered
He opens and dry water in it and puts it with pepper, food and salt
Let him and the foods you put together
Remove it and leave it until it is in the fire
The salad is a delicious food that you will eat if you don't put any snatch.
How to eat it
When it comes to some towns such as Urualla is in Imo state, they don't replenish their water supply. They drink its water and enjoy their specialties.
Some do not place food in their nuts, while some take water from it that they take it with them.
It is also accommodated, using coconuts or coconuts today.
Many people use cylinders
How to save
It is also exposed to getting into the bag for those who will buy it to go to the market.
Before you prepare it, go into the water from night until the morning morning. this will enable him to compose a dish and open the dish while you are going to prepare it.
what he gives in the body
Scientists found that pictors have many positive things in the body, such as riboflavin, iron, iron, thiamin, iron and custodio O potassium, compass, compounds, iron, magneum, cassava, cassava, cassava, saint, sank, mannk, sank, sank, sank, sank, senatory, and
It is good for the human souls. Some use her leaves to slip because it kills the hairbread of a kolanut called dandruff, drainage losses.
He also had a small pandemic that called saturated fertilizer, a college and even a class.
Some drink water while some eat it in its water
Other uses you do not know
Some of the oil spills are being added to be enjoyed (flavour)
Football is used as a visa called flour.
It is also produced with oil
The news that will interest you:
It is coming up in Enugu for Fayose's visit
We will install government in the House of Representatives- ICSC
The value of treatment in Igbo culture
Distress and defraud
The former resident of the garbage dump and a doctor said that such a place produces various diseases.
Where they dispose of weeds
African salad is shrinking from this area-reveloping a
Those who came to the Ikosi region, Isheri or Ketu in Lagos are bitterly opposed to the exclusion of Olososunpsites from Ojota.
Enugu state has this in the highwayway from Enugu to Port Harcourt
Crime from these areas is so hard that in Lagos, some entrepreneurs in the country because of leadership.
In Lagos, the report said that one child died because of the inability of breathing energy because the sun sneaks across the country.
For this, Lagos Governor Akinwunmi Ambode has shut down the dumping area.
Governments and communities are bombarding always
What people are saying
But the tax still exists and people living here.
BBC Igbo called a man named Samuel Osaze who is here on the phone.
He said that the source is a major disease.
The results are due to the fact that the government is running here at any time. I watch the road leading toward me, the massive groceries in the grasslands.
In 2013 the Lagos Crusade, Lagos Dote Management Ag LAWMA said that Lagos is up to 13,000 tonnes
A Medical Doctor, Dkta Ikechukwu Mgbolu said that malnutrition of plants leads to various diseases such as cholera, Taifod, malaria and lasa fiva.
He also said that people with ash known known/asthma) are not able to live near such a place.
Mgbolu said: " The smoker is coming from a higher symptom called 'upper respiratory infection' because of the poisonous monastery air in the sun.
Osaze said the unreliable head is now being endured in the middle of the month of March in recent years for this season season.
The residents of Lagos are throwing away vegetation always on the road in Lagos
Osaze said, 'The civilizations are fighting the habit now because they know that there is a great shade.
The government should buy what is called incinerator and the coconut is a hot queue.
Governor Ambode has said that no other plant will be discarded because of the diseases he is receiving.
There are other guys on the other side to say what they will do while the grass lines in the center of their country.
The news that will interest you:
What Buhari has canceled Rwanda's journey
Are the banks robbing Nigerians?
Uber suicide rate in America
A self - sacrificing Uber vehicle hit a woman in the town of Tempe in Arizona, in Amerika
Uber
Uber's office has expressed sadness over the woman they have killed
Uber has said that they have deployed themselves from the self-year train as their vehicle hit a 49-year-old woman on the highway in the city of Tempe in Arizona.
According to a report, the results of the Uber's departure from the self - sacrificing vehicles they started.
Uber boss, Dara Khosrowshahi said that twitter and the death are 'herororororowshai'.
We are waiting for the sensible families that affected both if we are in partnership with the guitar in order to understand things happened.
This accident is not just a matter of whether Uber is involved, it will affect the efforts to create automobilemobiles for personal transport.
The news that will interest you:
We will install government in the House of Representatives- ICSC
Are the banks robbing Nigerians?
Putin will rule Russia for another six years
But they scored it in the quest for a Revolutionary Revolutionary Party, it will result in a lot of money lent in Nigeria jenite.
In the last few years, Nigeria had a financial reverse as its economy split in the country because of the collapse of petroleum in the world's market.
It is this situation that, according to Uwaleke, it is not possible for Nigeria to spend the rest of IMF with the life that IMF gave
Uwaleke said that if Nigeria already owns it, she will be injured to pay her debt in overseas because of her economic status.
An interesting story
What do Nigeriaites and COGM?
Are Nigerians not to meet in the United States?
The police have prevented the house of Dino Melaye
World Cancer Day: How I got cancer treatment - The winner of Kansa
Gloria Orji, an Igbo lady who won cancer and is good, says that while she wins cancer, another person will win cancer.
Malaria is a global disease that fears the killing of people.
Worse still, those who are seeking treatment are seeking but none of the medications are prescribed.
The yeartext for Kansa disease in 2019 is 'If I have the strength , so you can be sure that all of us can attack Kansa disease.
But Gloria is the founder of cancer in 2010, it was performed, and she did kimo and all other things to win her because of sickness.
In his words , 'Kansa is not a death sentence, now, he is adding to the subject of cancer women.
He told the Igbo BBC how he did it is a disease that fears the whole world.
Bill Cosby's Prevention Invasion
Bill Cosby might go to 30 prisons for rape.
Bill Cosby
Bill Cosby a deputy governor
The court in Amerika has decided that the candidate Bill Cosby has been guilty of three tribes who are attacking women
Andrea Constand was a former basket player of Cosby in court in
Rescue Nnamdi Kanu the day of his trial
The court has ordered the arrest of Innoson
Cosby is 80 years old, still accusing the allegation, but the decision may involve him in prison for 30 years.
This is the second time Cosby is contesting in court for the use of women's attack.
Bill Cosby is well known for the video 'The Cosby Show'
Many women still accuse Cosby of rape but Cosby said that they are all said.
An interesting story
MASOB - Ebere Buhari's primacy
See the variety of foods produced by husbands
Codeine, abuse of power
Codeine, an injustice is a news report by the coughing of drugs and said that the lives of young people in Nigeria are being killed by BBC.
Codeine, an expert on drug abuse, also said that the lives of young people in Nigeria are wearing.
The BBC journalists secretly exposed the genealogical genotypes, the providers of drugs against the law of the Nigerian land.
Codeine oppression: Emzor has sacked workers
Emzor Pharmaceuticals has chased one of their colleagues for research, Codeine Operations of the BBC.
A boy and a guy,copdeine
Reports say that politicians are treating youths as gifts.
The Nigeria industry is a drug producing industry, Emzor Pharmaceuticals, has decamped one person, and suspended to two jobs because of their involvement in the coughing of codices, illegally as the BBC's investigation did that exposed the youths to the drug's life.
Emzor sacked a person whose businessman sold a BBC journalist, Emzolyn syrup.
They said this in the social media after the BBC released their video on the 30th of April Eprene
In the video at the end of the day, a group of drug dealers including Emzor's one-time Emzor who used the way the house was being treated.
The video was filled with anger and rage in Lagos yesterday
One said that the politicians are giving oil in Kano as he said they are bringing the drug youths to the point.
But the Emzor firm has denied that they do not sell drugs in the wrong way.
They also said that they have stopped the sale of Emzolyn that has Codeine until they have completed an investigation without claiming that they are treating their tuberculosis
Emzor had stopped playing their goods and then sacked him from his job.
Emzor Pharmaceuticals is a company that respects itself and is honest.
They have the capacity to sell over 120 copies of medicine including Emzolyn Codeine from NAFDAC.
They continued: Emzolyn Codeine yue has been stopped after a thorough investigation.
In a conversation with the BBC chairman of the training and services of the Programmes (pharmacists) in Nigeria in the Eastern Region, J.C Okafor said that there is a law that protects the use of coronary coach, and should be Honest in every company that has been proved to be unfair and unfair.
Okafor said, 'We have a coronary coach in Nigeria which proved to be unable to buy a doctor without the aid of a doctor.
Every company that is found violating the bill, we are succeeding it.
Many Nigerians in the social media are blamed by Emzor for their inability to drink pesticides among the young.
One person who asked the company: So if the BBC office doesn't show the claim, your company will not do anything to stop the drug among the youths?
Is it that workers do not know what they are doing?
Another person, Mairo Manda, called for government to shut down the sale of coaches.
Codeine: NAFDAC has attacked four companys and arrested many drugs
INFDAC said that they will try to stop all the jobs that promote antibiotics in Nigeria.
workers NAFDAC
NAFDAC is constantly attacking the drug producing industry in Nigeria
The Nigerian food security agency called NAFDAC in the name of attacking four pharmaceutical industry in Lagos, Ilorin in Kano.
The attack, following BBC investigation which showed how people pollute coughs have codeine.
INFDAC said the invasion, showed that these institutions are still developing more than the number of legislatures given to them by land rules.
Sechi Codeine: Dextromhorphan will go where?
Government has banned the codeine
Codeine oppression: Emzor has sacked workers
The president's wife has shouted for codeine
The coordinator of NFDAC Mojisola Adeyeye, told journalists that now, they are investigating the four offices shown by the BBC in their video.
In his words: 'We have supplemented many codices in the industry that produces medicine in Ilorin.
The Bioraj Pharmaceuticals Commission said that they have stopped their jobs, Junaid Hassan, and Emzor said that they have decamped their worker Chukwunonye Madubu.
They both appeared on the video BBC is being trained by the codeine.
But the spokespersons are saying that the agency should be punished more by the government than the investigation they are investigating.
Other stories that will interest you:
Four ways the journalists are careful.
The court has refused to leave Dino Melaye for 11 Jews
Buhari has taken from US his journey to Nigeria
The Nigerian president Muhammadu Buhari has decamped Nigeria from the United States to stop in London.
Muhammadu Buhari
Buhari and Trump were involved in fighting against the horri
The Nigerian president Muhammadu Buhari has traveled from Africa to visit the President Donald Trump in Nigeria
The aircraft ran into the Chairman of Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, Abuja at 10 per cent of the match.
Some government workers have gone to welcome him.
He was the spokesman Femi Adesina who told the journalists after the departure.
President Buhari will go to America tomorrow
See what Buhari and Trump have done
Four ways Buhari is like Trump
Buhari who left Washington DC on Tuesday after Trump's meeting with Trump stuck in London
The spokesperson for the general publicity on the media is Garba Shehu, whose trail was an emergency stop to investigate that it was because the heavy administrators of the commerce are still passing through engineering.
He also said that Buhari used a mechanical volcano to deliver a long trip, caused to stop in Britain.
Shehu said the stop was for putting oil in her train and investigated before coming to Nigeria.
He said that there is nothing satisfying because the president has received Nigeria
But look at what people are saying in Soshalia:
The news that will interest you:
Only on uku will agree that Buhari has done so much
INFDAC has attacked four institutions for codices
Do you know that killing someone who wants to die is a bad thing in Nigeria?
President Buhari has gone to London again for health trip
President Muhammadu Buhari is on his way to see his doctor who told him to come for his visit and treatment.
Buhari
There was no one week since Buhari returned from the United States with Donald Trump with a congregation.
President Muhammadu Buhari will leave today to London while he is receiving treatment for the illness.
The delegation of the president Garba Shehu said that the president will select four days of his trip.
He said that the time the president went to London for collaboration and oil on his plane after returning from the United States, he and his competitors were held.
Buhari has taken from US his journey to Nigeria
Buhari will travel to work in UK today
Why did Buhari come to Lagos?
He said that his employer asked him to come back to the president's promise that he would come.
The president will choose the 12 days Saturday this month, May.
Shehu said that she would return, she would go to visit Jigawa state, a mile to the APC meeting on wrapper.
The trip will then on the 14th Monde 15th day of May.
Remember that the president is receiving treatment in London but he does not mention Nigeria what is suffering.
An interesting story
Lagos: 2131 pregnant women are suffering HIV
45 corpses have been found and Tellska
The Igbos will not engage in war again
Sweet codice: Nafdac has shut down three hospitals working for codeine
Infdac has shut down Bioraj's hospital, Peace and Emzor for the free distribution of coronary cords.
Codeine, abuse of power
Many youths suffer from headaches and diseases as a result of increased drug use
The food management industry, Nafdac in the name of completion of three hospitals; Bioraj Pharmaceutical Limited , Emzor Pharmaceuticals Ind.
Ltd and Peace Standard Pharmaceutical Limited is a company that has a drug dealt with illegal cordicide.
BBC released a news report by their secret investigation which revealed that the three agencies used to purchase the drug used in the law enforcement system while the doctor's time was being sold to youths.
Codeine, oppression
Codeine oppression: Emzor has sacked workers
Government has banned the codeine
In the letter of the leader of Nafdac, Mojisola Adeyeye, the closure followed the investigation they completed in the offices.
Without a detailed evidence of evidence and efforts to prevent the invention of the documents we should have done on 2th of May, at their office in Ilorin in Lagos, it was necessary to shut down the three banks - Peace Standard Pharceutical Limited Porajuceutical Emitmy and Lmited Prcemyrmit.
This is to allow for adequate research.
Nafdac investigates BBC's investigation about the drug
