The news that will interest you:
Joseph Achuzie, Dike Biafra
Dapchi: The government has not defeated Boko Haram - Massob
Tottenham is looking for FA and Rochadale's victory
Son Heung-min, Fernando Llorente and Kyle Walter-Peters of Tottenham were the closure of Rochadale in yesterday.
Son Heung-minth of Tottenham and his team were hearing when he scored a goal in FA
Tottenham has won in FA eight times
In sports, the Tottenham team scored a six goals to one of the FA
This victory means that Tottenham and a Swansea will contest Quarter Final in the 17th day of March.
Son Heung-min scored the first five goals. Fernando Llorente scored three goals in the second round, whereas Kyle Walter-Peters scored a goal.
Son Heung-min stopped Rochadale
What will continue?
Tottenham will go to the Wembley on the third day of March. Hadddersfield and Huddersfield will contest in the cup of Premier League, before they and Juventus will carry out their own cup in July Champions League in March.
Rochdale's match had 16 goals to save them from selling a salegation and league.
The first of them will be Plymouth on March.
The news that will interest you:
Guardio has lifted his first cup in England
Champions League: Neymar has stepped
The police officer: Mepe a cattle lad before replacing them
The officer of the police has urged the governors to open the cattle station before they are arrested.
Ibrahim Idris
The police officer Ibrahim Idris has said that the state has been administrator of cattle training before they shutting the bull
The officer of the police said this yesterday that asduna and the constituency in the community said that it would help to solve problems between farmers and cows.
He went on to say that the problem arose in Benue because the state government had not yet fed the cow before they were arrested
In the summit of the summit, 'The Federal Region: The security and need to find adequate accessible roads to stop it, the killings between farmers and the cows did not begin in the time of President Muhammdu Buhari.
Idris said: " In my mind, to reduce the infrastructure between farmers and cattle cows, the state government will try to build cattle stations in their state before they are obligated to stop reproducturing the cattle.
The news that will interest you:
Climates have burnt in Alaba International
For Achuzia, we will see that Biafra was fulfilled
In Imo state, the barracks have many wild beasts
The infrastructure of animals in Imo State has various wild animals
different animals are in their camps in Imo state.
These animals were built to live.
Timothy Weah's son, George Weah has started playing with PSG
Timothy Weah has gone to PSG where his father George Weah is a good musician from 1992 to 1995.
Timothy Weah
Timothy Weah would give his father as people think?
The president of Liberia, George Weah, called Timothy Weah has started playing on the PSG club, where his father used to play for the first time
Timothy appeared in the yesterday as PSG and Troyes contested.
While Neymar and Kylian Mbappe are not in the layer for their injuries, Angel Maria and Christopher Nku are those who gave PSG a victory in the competition.
Neymar and Mbappe did not share it with us to contest in the competition.
George Weah scored 55 goals during playing on PSG
Nna Timothy, George Weah, told PSG players last 23 years, before going to AC Milan.
PSG had 10 frontiers, within which they should get 17 percent if they can commit 'French League in this year.
They will meet with Real Madrid on Tuesday to defeat Champions League of their second. In the first stage, Real Madrid won them with 3-1
The musician Neymar will not contest again in the 'season because of his injuries.
The news that will interest you:
Nigerian government has disqualified the search for Dapchi children
A man has killed his children in Awada
The fear of the Fulani cattle has caught many
Charly Boy has said that he wants special youths for ruling Nigeria
Charles Oputa is a 'Charly Boy' who announced his release on the Nigerian Government.
The well known King of Nigeria Charly Boy said that he was disqualified for Nigeria's position.
When the Igbo BBC interviewed him, he asked 'We did he become the evil in Nigeria?'
Charly Boy said that he is looking for special youths to support the taking of Nigeria's seat.
'We are twenty-fight years ago that Nigeria's salvation will be for specialists,' according to Charly Boy.
Oscars 2018: Kobe Bryant is one of
American player, Kobe Bryant has been among the winners in the eggs of this video.
Kobe Bryant, a prominent Amerika player
Special victory- Kobe Bryant has defeated.
In a surprise that Kobe Bryant was known as the American Civil Region has ever been accommodated by Oscars.
He won this because the child's vaccination is in time.
Here are other winners in Oscars in this morning.
winners:
The Shape of Water has award of 'Best photo.''
Frances McDormand won this 'Bestress for Three Billboards Outside Ebing, Missouri
The winner of the 'Best doctor is Gary Oldman for Darkest Hour
Guillermo Del Toro won this 'Best director for The Shape of Water
Get Out of the Jordan Peele won the 'Bestestestal screenplay'
Oscars 2018: the
The most popular environment in Hollywood has done
See the picture of what people wear out in 'red carpet'
Danai Gurira performed the Black Panther video on Walking Dead showed a painting on his head
Academy Awards known as Oscars of 90th day while people showed their infrastructure.
See what movies are wearing for this event.
Daniel Kaluuya
Daniel Kaluuya who was a member of the British shower Get Out is among those called to win Oscars' prize
Lupita Nyong'
Lupita Nyong' received Oscars in 2012 for the video he did, 12 Years this Slave
Jennifer Lawrence
Jennifer Lawrence, who made the video of Hunger Games in Oscar, cleansing silver
Andara Day
Andara Day is an American musician, land and red carpet, and people came to take his clothes.
Oscars 2018: Let him go
Black Panther is suffering
Africa was shown at the start of 'Black Panther'
Black Panther: Why
Tom Holland
Tom Holland made Spider Man's video closure to bring out the name of the winner of the event.
Chadwick Boseman
Chadwick Boseman is the king of T'challa of the town of Wakanda in the Black Panther in Taenchy's dressed as Oscars.
Ashley Judd
Ashley Judd which fasted in Time's Up to wear a yellow dress that emerged from the red carpet.
Adam Rippon
Adam Rippon in the coach called figure stadium caused him to wear a clothes with a kolanut that made him appear from the Fifty Shades Of Grey
Salman Hayek
Halman Sayek is wearing yellow clothes
Darrell Brit-Gibson
The photographers have been moving as Darrell Brit-Gibson performed Three Billboard videos and lifted up in the red carpet.
Whoopi Goldberg
Uwe Whoopi Goldberg puts in that position as a dragonfrese in his body
Patrick Stewart
Sir Patrick Stewart made the X-men video on Time's Up post in his clothes to give photographs
Sally Hawkins
Sally Hawkins, a British member of the group called for award for The Shape of Water he made fun of photographs.
Saoirse Roman
Saoirse Roman showed Lady Bird's statistics that the red carpet Oscars was 10 years after his first release in 2008 while he was still 13 years old
Meryl Streep
Meryl Streep has been called for the establishment of Oscars 21 times as the gun started to act
Margot Robbie
Margot Robbie made a beautiful Tonya video in what he weared red carpet
Tiffany Haddish
Tiffany Haddish created a good African power known as Eritrea women in Ethiopia
All these photos contain a copyright.
What other African country is better for Nigeria in the movie
When it comes to overthrowing the highest sound in the Oscars world, the Africans are treating Nigeria hundreds.
Oscars
2018 he was made 90 years of Oscars in Hollywood
Later, Oscars was the highest singer in the 2018 world film, BBC Igbo checked and found that other African nations were better off the movie.
Oscars 2018: In Central Africa and Nigeria
BBC noted that despite the fact that some Nigerian film producers were displacing some Hollywood films in their videos, they didn't want them to join a group of people called to get up to any extent in Hollywood.
Nollywood is the producers of Nigerian films in other parts of Africa, African countries have always shown them.
Lupita Nyong' is the son of Kenya who lives in America earned the best goal of the video in 2013
In the past few years, Nigeria is seen as 'dy in the African film, but now it is like other passengers.
While Nollywood in themselves are the two world players producing more than 1000 videos in one year, Hollywood produces inadequate results but it doesn't mean that all the world is looking for the best movies to produce the best.
But when it comes to doing Africa, Kenya and South Africa are more likely to focus on the prize of Oscars.
Head of South Africa
What I was about was security and the economy of
The Senates are making Nigeria's money
See whose hands are in the disqualification
Nigerian Youths Buhari for calling them 'in lazy'
The Nigerian youths are not agreeing with Buhari's statement that COGM is lazy.
Muhammadu Buhari
Nigerians say that President Muhammadu Buhari has been shocking them in overtime countries
People are still talking about the Nigerian president
While Buhari went to London for a meeting of the national leaders under Commonwealth called COGM, he said that Nigerian youths are lazy.
This statement did not surprise many Nigerians, which caused them to show their anger on social media.
Three words of Buhari 'It Nigeria'
Buhari's speech is angry with youths
The president cannot commend Nigerians
Buhari's spokesman Femi Adesina, said Nigerians misunderstanded what he said.
Adesina's words do not stop people from expressing their feelings.
#LazyNigerianouths are suffering
Many of them went on to begin to prove their own career, but saying that they are not lazy despite Nigeria's poor condition.
One white man put his mouth in the matter.
Some said how they trained themselves from school by their efforts.
Some said that they will not vote for Buhari in 2019
One inclusive person who has a job is still working with him
Who will be the new head in the market?
Commonwealth leaders met to find out if the Nigerians' son would represent his mistress.
Ezenwaa us Elizabeth
The Queen of England wants his son Charles to replace him
The Commonwealth leaders meet together to discuss whether the Igbos will represent his mother as the leader of the 53rd sector.
The day of Tusde as Ezenwaamo, Britain, decided that his son Charles would rule a group called BOGM and Buckingham Palace.
He said that he was interested in his son Charles to rule COGM one day.
But that's not what Ezenwaa is offering to her child if she dies.
It is expected that the Commonwealth Chairmands will begin to meet in Windsor Castle but there is no indication that the meeting will be announced at the meeting.
Isn't anyone else has the right to shut up?
BBC journalist James Landale said that the announcement had been on the move between the capitalists in Commonwealth.
But, President of Saut Africa Cyril Ramaphosa, has killed him and the meeting in London as he knows why the attack is being done in his town.
The invasion in South Africa while protesters are still forced to give them jobs, residence and deployment.
What is the career of the Commonwealth president?
The position of Ezenwaomo we are in need of it.
The commissioning commences fifty-five countries to ensure that Commonwealth is a reality.
This includes collaborationing these countries through the market and international relationship with the world.
An interesting story
Chimamanda said that he was attacked
The president cannot commend Nigerians
Youths Buhari's citizens
The leader of these groups is traveling throughout the group, to establish the agreement.
He is the leader of this group who is making decisions that will be the one that will defeat
The Senate, Theresa May and Prait of Canada, Justin Trudeau has approved the president's son Charles you.
What is the COGM?
COGM is Commonwealth Heads of Government Mayting in English
It is the group of people of the Unitedwealth nations, which is being held for two years.
Those who do it are the presidents and Prainstains of N53 countries and their families, who speak to them and journalists.
The annual meeting held in London, which last year in 2015 is in Valletta in Malta.
The money in Imo will not get our bags - Rochas' mouth
The government of Imo is saying that the bill is not entitled to, but they will support it with ten million naira.
Rochas Okorocha and the king of Ogoni, King Godwin Gininwa
Rochas Okorocha's administration will be completed in 2019
According to the report that Imo state government has told all qualified elders to pay their three thousand naira, the government of Imo explains that they are not involved in the money.
The Representative of the Federal High Court told the Igbo BBC that the bill would be paid only once.
He also said that the various services of the people in Imo state will be financed.
Even though the news says that six million naira seems to be one of the country, Nzewuji said that there is no name, because it is now that people living in the country should pay the tax.
Nzewuji from 'Igo will not enter the Imo state government, it is the various sector of Community Council (CGC) belonging to it.
Nzewuji went on to say that the government of Imote will take ten million naira and support the country where it has been invested, as they hope that it will be hired by banks and other demands of the country.
It is thought that everyone who wants it will seek to support, especially where they assist in the development of the community, Nzewuji said.
Nzewuji also went on to explain that no king of the country has been disqualified for this.
Listen to his explanation here:
Other stories that will interest you:
Why the Nigerians gave tith of tithing
The president cannot commend Nigerians
The most recent news of this night: Buhari is Nigeria's father
What is the group that will enact the APC?
2019 elections and electricity as part of the party are trying to get the APC out of office in 2019
Olusegun Obasanjo
Olusegun Obasanjo said the administration in 1999
Many senators in the APC and the spokesmans in Nigeria are trying to disqualify the leadership of Buhari in 2019.
Reports say that many patrons can begin to collaborate in the week to defend any infrastructure in the election.
Participants in the party are the party: 'Peoples Democratic Party (DP), some leaders of the All Progressives Congresss (APC), Social Democratic Pati, among the small groups of up to three.
and 'Coalition for Nigeria Movement (CNM) of the former Nigerian president Olusegun Obasanjo.
Obasanjo's collaboration has been
2019 election: Keyamo is Buhari's spokesman
Buhari: I will contest in 2019
APC took leadership in 2015
The former presidents in Nigeria, the military commenced the T.Y Danjuma's legislator in support of the diabetic.
In the mouth of a senator, this will not be like the competition that has learned the APC party.
We don't go to the INEC office for a change.
The new party will give everybody the opportunity to express his heart.'
Those in the hospital and up to 9 goals are supporting him.
PDP ruled Nigeria for 16 years before the APC took them over
On the other hand, the PDP party is being tested if they will marry their party
The chairman of the party who is Uche Secondus said that he and his group are still considering the title.
But people are saying that instead of titles, the PDP has brought various forms of dimmas to resolve Nigeria's land and evacuate the APC in office.
The news that will interest you:
Taxes of 3000 in Imo
Those receiving treatment have arrested the health workers
Youths Buhari's citizens
Mmuse attacked Fada's house 'Ebube studied
Those who died attacked Katolik's meeting inUkembara state injured many people and spoiled 30 cars.
Youths are dead
The resurrection is a custom known for Ndigbo.
Those who died at the ceremony, 'Iyi' in Ademili Nin in Anam drafted the Katolik church and destroyed more than thirty cars, while many people were thought to be a beautiful person on Saturday.
The chairman of the inauguration of the House, Fada Obimma, known as the Ebube Spiritnsare and other insecurities, that the women who came there had defeated the youths who lost their vigil in the night of their vigil
Representative Francis Okoye told the BBC journalist that the newsmen attacked the meeting at about 800m of the night and injured many people and injured more than 30 cars.
Aguleri and Igboukwu are not the beginning of Ndigbo
A man has killed his children in Awada
After the incident, we read their vehicles to read three goals.
They injured many people.
He had one of their best dressed persons who were taken to the hospital.
We don't know whether he dies.
It is evident that Uke's youths did what was approved of the attack on the church because they were being sworn in a sworn oath, dead at sixm of the evening, but the victims of the night's till eightm of the night.
They started shouting for those who came to church, receiving their money and their phones.
Mmons damaged many vehicles in the organization
Our security officers tried to stop them but when we saw that something was too big, we called the police.
They came and caught some of them.
The Anambra state police said that the dead attacked the victims in Ake but they said that nobody died.
The spokesman of the state police Nki Nwode told BBC that 'Anyi caught three dead, we investigate the incident there.'
The news said that this is not the first time the youths of the country are struggling with the special meeting of Katoliks every Friday night with more than 20 per week.
Those in what happened said that the youths of the country are trailing drivers and motorists and snatching them out of money and also stealing certain things.
On Friday, they beat a father of Uda Obimma whose leg had been disqualified by the people who arrested the youths and left them due to the time of the city and the elders.
It was alleged that youths are tormenting the gunmen and often taking the church
The news that will interest you:
Up to 88,000 children can die in hunger
Benue: A
What is the group that will enact the APC?
Ezeife: The
Ezeife and some of the cylinders that have stopped and told Igbo to support Buhari to win the election in 2023.
Chukwuemeka Ezeife and some Igbo elders
Chukwuemeka Ezeife, a former governor in Anambra State, is a spokesman of Ndigbo and Niajiria.
The Igbos have said that the children will reject the leadership of President Buhari and the 2019 election as they did in 2015.
They warned Ndigbo that if they were to support the president Buhari to go to the next election in 2019 that the presidential election would serve as a guarantee for a woman on the stake, for it is a deceitful matter.
In the end, most of the APC members including, the Minister of Transportation, Rotimi Amaechi, the Secretary of the Federal Government Bos Mustafa, also President of the Voice of Nigeria, Mrsita Okechukwu, urged them to join Buhari in 2019, to reach them in 2023.
Give Ndigbo president 2019- Balarabe Musa
Ndigbo is being oppressed in war
But some who have a curse on the matter said that the statement was a cylinder to get Ndigbo's vigilant, who is like Buhari brought to Igbos for entrepreneurship in 2015, that they will help him in the 2019 election.
In his discussion with the Sun Commissioner for the Anambara State, Dr Chukwuemeka Ezeife said: 'In't see how it will be done.
We don't think we should be asking people for the position of president.
My mind is that we are going to pray to God, who knows that if the Igbo man has appointed as the president, will be happy with the Fulani people, who are Yoruba and whose Yoruba are very good for Nigerians because we will reconstruction the economy of Nigeria to continue.
Student for 2023 is a misbehaviour, everyone saying it is to become media.'
Similarly, former Ohanaeze Ndigbo chairman, Dozie Ikedife, said that Ndigbo has promised to get the president's position in the past.
He told the Sun journalist: 'The Ndigbo many promises in the past, also tyrannized our people.
If someone becomes you two or three goals, it comes to fourth, you think about doing so.
The human body is tired.
Ikedife went on to say: 'The need is the same that will adhere to the law and inclusion of Biafra and not fighting for anybody.'
Remember that in 2015, most of the Ndigbo did not vote for Buhari's election which led him to accept the support of 95 percent and those who gave it to five per cent, many of his statements have proved true by those he gave to rule since he entered office.
The news that will interest you:
The death of Katok in Anambara
Up to 88,000 children can die in hunger
Benue: A
A senator has attacked the hospital in America
The police are looking for a man who attacked the food feeding people where four others were injured.
The restaurant where the incident occurred
Police found a gun to attack the restaurant
The police said that a senator had killed four people in the restaurant in Nashville in America.
The man jumped into the congratulator at the 800m of morning in Antioch and started hitting guns.
Four others injured the body before another food was disqualified from the area, he ran away.
The police have given the man the name of Travis Reinking who is 20 years old from Illinois where they are desperate
An interesting story
The death of Katok in Anambara
Up to 88,000 children can die in hunger
Benue: A
Soyinka: Drink tears in 2019
Wole Soyinka
President Wole Soyinka has said that good government has defeated Nigeria
Wole Soyinka warned Nigerians to listen
Wole Soyinka is also a well known book that has warned Nigerians not to allow the politicians to enact them again in the 2019 election
Soyinka, who said this on Sunday at the birth of a well known lawyer, Gani Fawehinmi, said that Nigeria and the Nigerian government were in trouble now.
He is from those who put Nigeria and his troubles now through their schemes, have been prepared as saviours of the election, and advised Nigerians to reject the old politicians to allow new politicians to take advantage of the leadership.
Buhari and the APC leaders have had discussions
Wole Soyinka: Chi
He said: 'In't suspicious that the government is in trouble.
It isn't the minimum government, the country is in trouble.
I don't think there was a time for life on earth, especially in this country when all of the damaged bonds were committed to this group.
We all know this.
The question is that we see it as an opportunity to save while seeing them with opportunities to carry out those things that happened in our country and be stabbed in the land?
It is not a new story that needs to be committed to the unity of Nigeria.
It is a mystery that those who are the enemies of the administration who use their hand to bring us a plan that has brought us to our place today are those who prove to themselves as Nigerian sackers, the country has more than 200 million people.'
Soyinka went on to advise Nigerians to wash the tears in order to disqualify
The news that will interest you:
The death of Katok in Anambara
Up to 88,000 children can die in hunger
Benue: A
He made me repent that as Nigeria is spoken of as one or both of the two means those who are part of it.
People are told to be asked to suspect them because of those who are more involved with the group who are part of Nigeria and the situation of the better ruling class today.
Why would Nigerians not get together in the United States?
The Nigerian government has denied them due to the fact that those who want to invest in Nigeria and the leaders in America.
Yemi Osibanjo and Abuja
Yemi Osibanjo is among those whose name is in the book that organized them
Many people who are looking forward to the Nigerian government that they are in the organization of Nigeria and America that they have organized in Washington DC didn't go unnoticed.
The coming of the government did not make people wonder that Nigeria would not get money from abroad.
Those who should go to the deputy vice, Yemi Osinbajo, the in charge of money are Kemi Adeosun, the Minister of Kwachukwu, the Audu Shin, the Audugbe Octtatorial Agriculture of Nigeria, the technology of Ogbonu, the Mincenium of Lagos.
Smoking and drinking have invested
Switzerland have agreed to return to Abacha's money
One such person made by the government is the Emir of Kano Sanusi Lamido, who worked as the magistrate in Nigeria.
What Sanusi said
Saasi said that the person who is preparing to invest in Awka, Nigeria, there are Gana, he has R worldnda, Kenya and Sax Awka.
He went on to say, 'This can be more than all other cases of contact, but he may say, but he will invest 500 dollars in Nigeria, for me to spend 100 in Ghana, $ 100 in the world, $ 100 and Codeuwa, to get award.
We went for us to work with those who have their money in the country, we should stay at ninem, and we started at 1000m.
While I got there, they took me to the house of Nigeria.
Those who came to the meeting were there, the deputy president was not, the non-General, Sanusi said.
Sanusi said that the incident was wrong, because it was not supporting Nigeria for what was being spoken.
He said, 'Unu called people to come and hear how to wait while in Nigeria, but you didn't come.
This is not the case with those who will spend money in Nigeria.
If the group is organized by the Rwanda, the president of Kagame will be there asking people to come to R worldnda.
People took part in the matter in social media.
A person with @SegunAndrews agrees with what Sanusi said.
But, the government has said that they are not going to be the real thing.
Late Mohammed is the news published that it is not true that those who should go to it should not attend are partners.
Mohammed explains that those whose name is in the ceremony did not get a copy of the document, or sit in the DC when the meeting was being done.
He said that infrastructure of farms, fires and works and materials that are now lost, despite their names in books that would speak of him as a cave.
Minister after himself went to the meeting of the Commonwealth nations who live in London
Minister for the money held at the Dahin DC, but it is for global meeting with banks in IMF.
He went on to say that the development of the media and customs got the driver, but he replied that he wouldn't go for other things that he couldn't go for.
Lai Mohammed said that 'These showed that it should not be said that the Minista should not go to him.
Do not let Igbo die
Ikeogu Oke won hundreds of dollars as the most popular writer in Nigeria in 2017
A winner who is especially in the book of Nigeria in 2017, Ikeogu Oke has said that Igbo language will not die if the Igbo people call him.
Ikeogu won 100 thousand dollars as the highest poster in Nigeria called 'Nigerian Prize of Literature because of his book he called 'Hsiad'.
The reason why the book is that he wrote it in the Igbo chronology.
In a conversation with the Igbo BBC, Mr Oke spoke about the security of Igbo language, that he thought he should be in his hand.
Federal Government has stated what will be done within Abacha budget
Kemi Adeosun the minister of money has said what the federal government will do with Abacha's money in Nigeria.
Kemi Adeosun and Christine Lagarde chairman in IMF
The Nigerian government has approved to reconstruction the use of $00million for $00m is the total amount of the Swiss government that will return.
The Ministry of Economic Information, Kemi Adeosun, has said that the money will be bought as Buhari's president has promised that when it comes to power.
He said this while telling journalists that the global funding sector is IMF which is the name of the Washington and America.
Adeosun also said that the money has been disqualified in a special bag called CBN in the CBN in the name of collaboration to collaborate the poor.
Smoking and drinking have invested
The senators have called the chief of the house
In his message, he said that the Federal Government hopes to create their schemes, in what will be good for Nigeria.
In his voice 'We put these plans in production, Nigeria's economy will rise
What is Nigeria's prize in the COGM?
Igbo Igbo son has defeated Big Brother Naija
Are Nigerians not going to meet in America?
Three things having a lot of funding exchange.
IMF told Nigeria to summarize his currency after one, while the executives were saying a lot.
Naira
EFC said that Umar wants millions of naira
In order to strengthen Nigeria's economy, IMF has advised Nigeria to fund its financial transformation.
Nigeria has a small minimum revolution; one for those who enter the tanker in Nigeria, one of the Americans who travel to Saudi Arabia, for the Kraist church, for the executives and members of the Federal Region of the Federal Government.
According to the wealthy senator Pat Utomi and Uche Uwaleke described the BBC journalist, having multiple curriculums.
See how some accidents have multiple funding:
It brings injuries
Pat Utomi explained that it is happening to a person that has the chance of borrowing money and throwing it away, but the person who has the need of the money to buy what he can do without knowing anyone will get it.
It is not good for the progress of business.'
Where Abacha's money will go
Economic Reverendency: Has it decamped on the side of Neigh?
In his words, Uche Uwaleke gave a note, 'This the funding of the government N305, acquisitioner, he may have left him, selling him another N365, and get interested. But if there is a revolution, you can't change him.
It disqualifies diligence and development in the country.
Uwaleke said that having funding is too much for many of them dressed.
Climate what they will do is the sale of expensive money, the production of products.
It is infrastructing the economy of the country.
Utomi said that 'the people are getting money to send their child to school because of education, it would make everybody want to send her baby to the country, the schools in the country will be difficult for us to leave.
Saraki and Ekweremadu: what people are saying about their restrictions
Ekweremadu 'The economy's economy'
Nigeria's peace has been placed in the next hand of Ekweremadu
The senators are worth 109, if 108 people are in the state, it means that they are all in the place.
Remember that the senatorial house ruled today as the security officers depart from the deputy house of the vice president Ike Ekweremadu immediately, where they attacked today.
Ekweremadu was prevented from coming to his house in the morning, so that he did not attend a meeting of the high court today, whereas up to 14 legislators left the PDP.
Uche Anichukwu is the spokesman of Ekweremadu, told the Igbo BBC that the EFCC had prevented him from leaving his house in Abuja, that it was not the DSS as we first wrote.
@MrBanksOmishore is a special assistant of Bukola Saraki, listed the EFCC sent Ekweremadu to this morning, in Twitter.
In the letter, EFC said that they wanted to check Ekweremadu for plotting, he was given the right to assume the 'money laundering'.
As Saraki entered the court and began 'plenary', he said that the Universities were unaffected, and said that attempted to ensure that the government did not spoil his mind.
Sam Anyanwu's lawyer said that he is in Ekweremadu yesterday, but there is no document showing that the police are looking for him.
Later, 'plenary, the senators decided that the security officers should leave the deputy house of the deneeti's house, Ike Ekweremadu immediately, in order to achieve it.
This morning, Saraki was among those who prevented going out of his house.
On the other hand, the Nigerian President Muhammadu Buhari thanked those who had departed from APC today to go well with them.
He said this through Twita, @MBuhari:
The EFCC's Enemies threw Ekweremadu's door in Abuja
The video focuses on how the EFCC are awaiting Ekweremadu's house:
kidnappers have been known and killed Katolik's death sentence
The Supreme Court of the kidnapped and killed Fada John Adeyi from murder.
The court has ordered the killing of criminals
The high court in Markurdi, Benue state has decided that two people, Hartuna Idi and Suleiman Gina who were kidnapped and killed by John Adeyie when they died for what they did.
Remember that four senators including Saidu Abdullahi and Aliyu Garba, kidnapped Fada Adeyi, Vika-Jenaraal church in the United States, Benue state, killed him and dislodged his corpse in a nearby agricultural area in 2016.
What I went through kidnappers
Mikel Obi's father has been rescued from other kidnappers
But after the arrest of the police, they declared that they had received the house of the priest a million naira and aN1.7m) as his own money but they shot him when they heard that the villages were ready to come and arrested him.
One of them confessed that he was the gun that killed him, while two of them were sentenced to death today, Wenezde.
In the ministry of the priest's house to the Daily Post, they showed satisfaction and finally, the kidnappers had reached them.
But they lamented that the decision reminded them of the killing of Adeyi, who is a professor.
The cylinders have come to Ekweremadu
Saraki and Ekweremadu: what people are saying about their restrictions
APC pays taxes for their killing-Ochamara
Does he have a spirit that is living in a child that is natural?
What Igbo culture said about the fall of old in the days and the objectives that followed him.
In the olden days, Igbo believed that those who have fallen can do the occult
A baby is born in every house that brings great joy in the heart of the former.
But there are some places in Igbo where a baby born can be scary.
The people of this country are like Igbu (Ibusa) in Delta state where children are found to be special.
Who is the descent?
Some stories explained that the baby born was daunted because his mother pleaded with a spirit living in the country to give her child
Will you kill the type of arrest in the olden days?
Do you know the names of the Igbos in the olden days?
They believe that the fall is the mark of those spirits that they will know for him.
They call these children 'Ezenwa'.
They believe that their fall is their crown.
As they have convictions, the young one will be a child that will succeed in the world because his god is loyal to him, they are very strong and that they will bear great stigmas during war.
But the risk of suffering is the lowest infrastructure.
It takes care of the dady'
Holy joined in the fall
Many of the protesters have believed that a child who has fallen will be sick or die if he wants to enter his lot.
It is a boost that the hair of the head is down.
Anyone who did this should give the child money faster or distribute money to him.
Choosing the event will end the child with a serious illness.
It is even the mother of the child that can touch the child's cylinders.
Religious entrepreneurs were
Story said that it is the 'drum' that is the young man's head.
Nowakeepers are popular in videos and many people have fallen to the jail.
The baby will grow, be a child speaking.
His family will ask him what he wants to wear him down.
All that he wants in the post will give it.
Uka Kraist
All Igbo land is where the faith of the Kraist church is well spoken.
This has made many Igbos change.
Now, many Igbo people are not convinced that the evil spirit is living in childbirths in the world.
But they are still looking for such a child to go to the hospital to pray for him.
Doctor Anthony Mgbolu told the Igbo BBC that the head of the house is what is going on in the house.
What Igbo culture explained about the fall of leaders
A professor of Africa and the University of Lagos University, Chiagozie Nnabu described the Igbo BBC in ancient Igbos did not have any conviction concerning kidnappers.
Nnabuihe stressed that if the Igbo in the olden days had the conviction that they should give him a name.
In his words: 'Dada is a name given by yoruba.
The Igbos are heading because they have relations with the Yoruba.
But is it really a bad thing?
Nnamdi Daniels is an artist
Many people we interviewed said that there is nothing bad in the head but that is good, most people are still looking down those who are rumoured as bad.
Nnamdi Daniels is a man whose dad is told the Igbo BBC that he has been mocked for their insults and insults for his humiliation.
In his words: 'Echetera's visit to the University of Niger State.
The security officer began to interview me for my dadying; this caused me great shame.'
The government has defeated Codiene for two million foods
The Ministry of Health has arrested more than two million codiens and also looks into others
Codiene Dr
Youths and Environmental Flours
Federal government has said that they have eliminated more than two million codiene markets in Nigeria.
The Ministry of Health, Mrs Isaac Adewole said this when his employer went to bed with the problems of Codiene in order to advance their investigation.
He also said that this is because the government stressed that their intentions to shut the codiene fight in Nigeria.
Super Codeine: Drugs have collapsed
Nafdac has defeated Emzor and others
Adewole said that his office was in charge of food and medicine called the National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control and Control that the collaboration were collaborative workers.
Remember in the May of this year, BBC got a picture showing the importance of codiene's drug dealer in Nigeria.
It is the time of the video that the government said that they will know that the drug is involved.
The government says that they are still looking at others who are my gun
An interesting story
2019 Election: Here are some Igbos who want to contest for the president
Why do Igbos usually go to these churches?
Why Igbo has decamped people from bad forest
Is the wicked forest across the land but are they oppressing the people they leave in the bush?
Relatives
Igbo is crossing different spirits
Why does Igbo call wicked forest?
Do you know that the evil forest remains in Igbo land?
What is the evil forest?
A professor of Africa and the University of Lagos, Chiagozie Nnabu what explained to Igbo BBC that Igbo and Igbo are disqualified as many people are now calling him.
As Igbo believes, the spirit forest is where they cross the sun.
Here is where they are disqualifying the owner of the country.
In Igbo culture the most important thing, but the spirit is the land.
Nnabuihe explained that the Igbo land believed that the land is a spirit of gratitude in the world.
Does he have a spirit that is living in a child that is natural?
Will you kill the type of arrest in the olden days?
The land is worse (including the land of the land
Igbo believes that the land, sees everything, this means that there is nothing wrong with it.
Woes are still going to Igbo until now
The land will embrace this patient completely.
See the diseases of the land that plague him
leprosy (Leprosy)
Year of Answer
The answer (Dropsy)
Breaking
Nnabuihe explained that at the time, there was no doctor who would try to cure the diseases we called.
Everybody who takes a type of disease should freely confess his misbehaviour before he dies.
If he does not misbehaviour his action, they will disqualify it from the
Do you know the names of the Igbos in the olden days?
things you do not want to do with Igbo
Other factors such as sexual misbehaviour or any other person's wife or birthday, as well as the solution can make the land a cursed.
Humans are not bad
As the Father explained, the person's expulsion is for the preservation of his children and his family.
Krist is the most faith in Igbo land
Igbo in the olden days believed that everyone welcomed the man's wrath in his family.
Where is the spirit forest in Igbo land now
National Imo state Need
Afrastructure in Okija
Motivated
Ihiala
Arusi Okja
Igbo culture dies
Nnabu Ihe said that this is the worst thing that is happening in Igbo land
He said: 'Omena have differently in Igbo land because Kraist came to Igbo land, people have kidnapped many of this spirit forest, no one is stabbing the wild beast'
An interesting story
The woman is seen in Twitter for what she said
The latest politicians take the lead
Ahmed Musa: Al Nasr has accepted it today
It has long been announced that Musa could go through Al Nasr but now speak for him.
Ahmed Musa
One people think that it will lead a football club that grew up in Ahmed Musa
But now, Musa has democracyed from Leicester City to Al Nasr of Saudi Arebia.
They have not known how much they have trained him from Leicester City but it is produced that it is up to 17 million pounds.
Do you know that women are working with the Super Eagles?
The Super Eagles are like the bride wants to marry
World Cup 2018: Why Nigerians thanked Ahmed Musa
Leicester City first bought him from one CSKA Moscow in 2016 but went back to the scene during the 2017th anniversary.
After the world cup, the good people thought that it would go back to Galatasaray because the coaches called it too much.
The above video shows how he said that he 'included and welcomed him into their group.
Meanwhile, Ahmed Musa has not spoken anything about the trending issue.
Babatunde Fashola said that Nigeria is playing for electricity
Heb said that what Babatunde Fashola said about the infrastructure of truth, it would be a great thing for the executive in Nigeria.
Break
The Nigerians have been hitting me for light
Minista is looking for fire, services, Babatunde Fashola said that Nigeria's fire has risen up to 7,000 megawat.
Fashola said this in Kalaba, the capital of Kros Riva state yesterday
The electricity will not shine for 2023 years - the latry
PHCN should give you three months before they are hot - A lawyer
Fashola was in Kalaba where the leaders of the department were meeting.
He said that despite the fact that the job remained dry, its departments have taken more electricity in Nigeria than it was when they started in 2015.
Fashola, three parties in Buhari's government
The last year, it is that electricity is a major problem we have in Nigeria.
Then, electricians say that they have no one to give Nigerian children.
Then, we got 'The exerciset in 2,690 to Nigerians, but the report has changed.
What we can now mean is 5,222, which is the best of Nigeria.
Now, the results are 7000, and also 7000.
And problems are still, but we will say that we are moving ahead.
The news that will interest you:
'We your child's chances of breast feeding
Igbos are forgetting the king in Kano
Four people in Port Harcourt have been shot dead
How to please your children during the holiday
With money and without money, here are some things you can do with your children during the holiday season.
Students in Oprah Winfrey
The time has come again when the students have special vacations because it is too long.
Some parents have supported their efforts to send their children a school called 'Summer Lesson but not all children will be appreciated.
If you don't join those who will take their children's 'Summer Lesson, see what you can do for them.
Women want the government to pay their money
Four of the 12 children have been kidnapped in Thailand cave
Buhari: Buo war against child abuse
Do not take them to water
Director is the way your children will patronise and learn to save themselves if they drop in the water.
It will also make them tired to have access to sleep and praise.
Why not take them away today
Kuziere them bothered and other technology
Cover them how to dance
Igbo believenu.
Is there a fear beyond the time ofne?
No.
Will we teach our children?
Yeseee
React their old story
Do you know the first day of the draft in Igbo land?
Do you know the name of the first man who is behind his release?
You can know this and take care of your children.
One way you can do this is to take them to a hotel in Igbo land.
Correspond
Take them to work with them.
This will help them to learn a job that can give them future foods if they do not get jobs at the end of their
One Generation
At the end, if you are a well - known customer, this time of rest is when you can put them in your country.
This will give them real wisdom, a good conscience on Igbo culture and hard environment.
The news that will interest you:
'We your child's chances of breast feeding
Why Igbo has decamped people from bad forest
A woman who was kidnapped, while another kidnapped Tramadol.
Professors have said that it is a crime that led to many things that grudges include the new way in Nigeria.
Edgal Imohimi
The Legos state commissioner, Edgal Imohimi, said that they have reduced the power of a group of senators in Ikorodu
The police arrested a woman who was kidnapped to get her husband 15 million and Ogun state.
Also, the kidnapper was caught while he went to kidnappp and caught sleep after committing Tramadol drugs.
But experts in social media are the psychologist saying that the kind of speech is a crime and evil cause.
Mikel Obi's father has been rescued from other kidnappers
Femi Joseph and his team attacked a drug dealer to kidnapp its owner, but he drowned Joseph after hearing the tradol obtained from the bank.
As the police explained that when they came to the owner of the hospital and ran away from the house.
According to the police in Ondo State, but as they did not get what they wanted, one of them started just because of his traradol's tradol
He drank 24 hours after he died.
I was also caught in her bag.
On the other hand, a woman named Hadijat Kabir and two others including a man and a woman who schemed treacherously and kidnapped her and her husband, 15 million naira.
The commissioner of the police at the state Imohimi Edgal, said that it was the complaint of her husband that they began investigating that she was the wife and partners who planned the scheme.
Okammuta in human affairs and Teachers in Ebonyi State University, said Amos, that it is not the primary cause of maltreat but the present evil.
Some are a bad deal by having a bad luggage.'
His Ogbo is in the Federal Neuro-Pychiatric Hospital in Yaba, Lagos, Chigos is Chilie Okonkwo believed in the words of Amos.
Their main points.
To look at, kidnappers are not a simple job.
Reaction that there is more harm.
The news that will interest you:
Ozubulu Church Massacre: One year has passed
Can a man and a woman be a mere friend?
things you do not want to do with Igbo
A kidnapper who has died with drugs after nine days.
The police in Ondo State have said that the kidnapper who has not been kidnapped for the abuse of power he has died.
The sleeping person
Dr BBC interviewed that he was a kidnapper who deserved to get treatment.
The spokesman of the Ondo police Femi Joseph has told journalists that kidnappers have been arrested with 'News agency of Nigeria's list
Remember that he was sleeping after the police arrested him in August 5 where drugs were being treated.
Joseph said that the kidnapper in the state's house was trying to heal him.
A kidnapper should get treatment- Dibia
A lawyer Evans has decamped from his lawyer
What about the kidnappers they are fighting?
In his mouth, 'The kidnapper died nine days after he was arrested.
We thought we would pay him to help us in our investigation, but he died yesterday.'
This may have been the result of his aggression.
We use this opportunity to advise parents to know how their friend is doing.'
Akubia said that the kidnapper went to kidnapp a drug dealer but the person drafted
He later joined the group of his Daudu Wale cavetum, where he went to buy drugs where one of them was caught.
The news that will interest you:
What will you tell Nnamdi Kanu if you meet him on the road?
A baby was discarded in Onitsha today
Buhari and Osinbajo will contest in 2019?
Five jobs you can start with N10,000
He's words stir many falsehoods to those who speak in Nigeria as well as the federal government.
Another loud story is the story of Igbo mother Boko Haram.
Aisha Wakil told the Igbo BBC how he trained children is the Boko Haram group today
The news of Nigeria is well known in Nigeria for the next nine years, given to Igbo and all Nigerians happiness.
Abaribe's words said about the popular people in 2018
The world cup is also called for the Igbos.
World Cup:
Next is the story of Ipob's four hundred women in Onwe.
Women are seeing in the house of technology today
women do not fail to violate any law - Professor Ipob
Three persons have decamped IPOB women inO
The floodwaters flooded Igbo land in 2018
Their story raised the scheme for IVF.
Five women from the Regina Pacis school in Onitcha also insulted the Igbo when they brought up to the Technovation 2018 by the world's senatorial match.
The news that will interest you:
The fear of Eke three will boost in January 1 - Nigerian soldiers
Green Revolution: The things
How to escape the attack on occasion
Second Niger Bridge is like a woman's promise
Igbo Tradition: The
It is a short time when people ask why a woman is married in part of the Igbo country, the story explained.
Man and woman are united
Igbo is not acceptable to a man and a woman
Some youths are usually brought to love each other, and agreed to live together as husband and wife, but they didn't celebrate marriage as they should.
There are also occasions when various accidents are seen in this situation, especially the woman to be in the house of the man dies without a customary ceremony.
A woman is arrested in Igbo
Five things that interest women
Is it a custom that will end in Igbo land?
As it has been, this usually allows different families to move.
As a result of this grievous situation, some towns in Igbo land, made it a law that a man will marry a woman who is living with her in the full, which she does not have when she is alive.
Why a woman is married:
In Igbo, it doesn't admit that a man has been married, if he has not done anything in his head.
If he did so in court, he was expected to come and act as a child's owners wanted.
According to expertise on traditional culture, Nze Oluezeha (The Second Region) at Ndirarara, Isu in Nwangele of Igbo state, the law is very good in their communities, which has various punishments.
Unexpected, he died, is the dominant process of many countries.
But in Abia also in Imo state, this scheme is not sold, whereas the house of a woman is born to bear the corpse of their child and go to their home.
How to marry:
The person will come to tell my children that their child has a fever (thin it will not have told them that he has died
They will go to their child, when they see his corpse, they will accuse the man of killing their child, which will make him disqualify his hand.
To show that he was not killed by him he would accept the burial of the woman.
She will come to marry her
She will return to tell my family that she has died
The man will then attend his burial ceremony.
What will happen to a person who refuses to marry:
According to Nzejuha, these things are what will happen to a man who refused to marry his wife without having her head in full:
The person will undergo punishment in various ways
Bad things are also different for the person
Things do not go well with such a person
The person can die shamefully
But the person could rematch, thirty if all the damages started.
What the person will do if he repents
If the man took his ear and eventually repented because of the damage he had, these things he would do:
The person will send the elders to come and calm
He will be punished by ensuring that he meets what he needs to do in two stages.
Nigeria 2019 elections: Njirimara of President Muhammadu Buhari
The Nigerian president Muhammadu Buhari is contesting as the president of the second time in his desire to speak his will under the leadership of the party.
President Muhammadu is ehari
President Muhammadu Buhari is currently disqualified to become the third president of Nigeria
He first entered office in December 1983 (1984) as Nigerian military force forced in power, but some of his targets sued Buhari in 1985.
BBC debate is still moving forward
Buhari later became the president of the sensational in 2015, as he tried to win him three times free.
As if he was ruling as a military, Buhari did not have a good reputation of disqualification.
It is not compulsory for the defender of his will, many people in prison for Buhari do not want to disqualify them as the court said.
The 76-old man swore in 2015, and promised to fight against corruption and corruption, as well as promote Nigeria's economy.
Four years are coming at the end but many people do not believe that what he did means.
He believed that he would win the Nigerian Boko Haram fighting against those who are needed to disqualify the Nigerian Region, but recently, those who are violently force forced to join Buhari in the chairs by attacking the zone.
The mouths of their mouths believe that Buhari will meet up with the unproductive party whose name is more sounder than the former PDP flag is Atiku Abubakar who is also a native of Nigeria as Buhari.
Buhari is the former Secretary of All Progressives Congress (APC) has a reputation as a cylinder in Nigeria, even though many people see his votes as a loss of wealth.
The news that will interest you:
It is almost the Eke II in the loo Nnamdi Kanu- Buratai
I am not confident about crime in the 2019 election- Atiku
Nigeria Election 2019: 2019
Do you know the highest of six persons among those contesting for the presidential election in 2019?
BBC will bring them out.
Those who contest for the president's position
Here are six people who are contesting for the leader of the most popular people and their vices:
While observing the election in Nigeria, 'Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) published a document showing that more than 70 people are contesting for the presidential election in 2019, BBC Igbo want to show you people whose name is highest.
The election in the Eastern Region has favoured
I will not be like Tinubu to tell people who they will join
Peter Obi will not give you money but it will support any good job
Of the six persons and their vices, there are three women; one is contesting for the president while others are deputy.
1) Muhammadu Buhari and Yemi Osinbajo
Buhari and Osinbajo have ruled Nigeria since 2015 under the All Progressives Congress (APC)
Who is Muhammadu Buhari?
she was born on December 1942
He has ruled Nigeria twice; like a military and a civilian
He threw the president three times (2003, 2007 and 2011) before he rescued him in 2015
In the same way he is the president, and he is also a senator of oil production in the land
Who is Yemi Osinbajo?
she was born in the eighth month of March 1957
He is the priest in the Christian Church of God (RCG)
He defeated Buhari's vice president in 2015
He is also the lawyer in the matter
2) Atiku Abubakar and Peter Obi
Atiku and Obi pass the kidnappers of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the 2019 election
Who is Atiku Abubakar?
she was born on November 25, 1946
It was the vice president from 1999 to 2007
He has defeated the president as the senator of his party twice; in 2007 under AC and 2018 under the PDP
He is a businessman who has many different businesses
Who is Peter Obi?
she was born on July 9, 1961
He rescued Anambara state governor under APGA's party in 2003 but didn't sit down to March 2006 when he won in court, but he was later humiliated in November that year.
He later returned to his chair with Febr. 2007, and went out of May the time Andy Uba won him, but the court said that he was released for the next four years.
He stepped down as Governor Anambara in 2014 while he finished two times.
He is a professor of economics
3) Oby Ezekwesili and AbdulGaniyu Galadima
Galadima is also the chairman of All Congress of Nigeria (ACPN) they want to save government.
Who is Oby Ezekwesili?
she was born on 26th of April 1963
It is the Minister of Infrastructure from 2005 to 2006 and of education from 2006 to 2007.
He was part of the 'Bring Back Our Girls (BBOG) on account of the kidnapped Chibok children since 2014
He won, it would be the first woman to be the president of Nigeria
Who is Ganiyu Galadima?
she was born on June 1964
She studied at the University of Kwara state where she later became one of the students in the school.
He was the former chairman under the ACPN party in 2015
He is a senator
4) Kingsley Moghalu and Umma Getso
Moghalu and Gaso are contesting under the Youngive Party (YPPP)
Who is Kingsley Moghalu?
she was born on July 1963's
This is the first time he is contesting for Nigeria's politics
She studied school and received certificates as lawyer at the university.
He is also a professional in the matter of promoting wealth.
He built as a social club called the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) and collaboration.
Who is Umma Getso?
she was born in 1981
It is the vice president of their party YPPP
He is a investor, as well as a coordinator of the rights of women.
5) Omoyele Sowore and Rabiu Ahmed Rufai
Sowore and Rufai are contesting under African Action Congress (AC)
Who is Omoyele Sowore?
she was born on the 16th of February 1971
He is a supervisor of authority.
She started it while she was still in the university
He decamped 'Sahara Reporters' company
He packed AAC in August 2018
Who is Rabiu Ahmed Rufai?
she was born on July 1976
He is a English doctor or a technicalist
He now took a lecture at Bayero University in Kano
6) Fela Durotoye and Khadijah Abdullahi-Iya
Durotoye and Abdullahi-Iya are contesting under Alliance for New Nigeria (ANN)
Who is Fela Durotoye?
she was born on 12th of May in 1971
He went to Obafemi Awolowo University in Ile-Ife
He is a person who teaches people how to throw money, and who is using a speech that stirs the spirits of people.
He is contesting for president under the party of Alliance for New Nigeria (ANN)
Who is Khadijah Abdullahi-Iya?
He is the coordinator of women's 'Women Community of Africa (WCA) and 'Rags to Riches (R2R
He is also a lawyer
What is your partner?
Imo Election Results: 7
Only Uche Nwosu came to the BBC match for the governorship election in Imo state.
Igbo is very surprised when the Igbo BBC did a debate which the governorship candidate in Imote but it was what Imo was surprised to believe that one of the four people promised to come to the debate.
The spokesman of the APC in Imo state has followed Uche Nwosu
Imo the APC Primaries: Uche Nwosu has been declared the leader of Imo governorship.
These anointed Imo yesterday, Emeka Ihedioha, PDP, Hope Uzodimma of APC and Ifeanyi Ararume of APGA
The Igbo BBC President Adline Okere said that it was Ararume who told him that he could not come because he was promoting his business.
That's how it started with half to twomillion in the air.
In the contestance he came, Uche Nwosu promised that he would leave 30 per cent of the month if the Federal Government had hired him.
Nwosu went on to say that his party had no one contesting for the president to fast in the matter of support to President Muhammau Buhari.
Another thing he said was; 'O is nothing in the 'manifesto that I will not do.'
The seven major words of Uche Nwosu said:
Uche Nwosu from APC joined AA to save the governorship election in Imo state
Nwosu expressed what it will do for the state of Imo if it took power and elections to be held in March 2019
Buhari for President: 'The United AA can sack Uche Nwosu'
It is not true that the Action Alliance did not pay Uche Nwosu back- Obidiche
Let's look at the things he has recorded in the engine:
I will bring education through church conventions
I will make health free for children, yesterday and adults.
I will bring youths into the field
I know which is believed in the issue of
I will make it possible for those who live in life to benefit from Imo economy
I will pay a minimum of thirty thousand naira and the federal government
I will look into the fields of retirement.
An interesting story
Uzodimma, Ihedioha and Ararume did not come to Igbo BBC debates
Atiku came to America with a question that will interest us-Lai Mohammed
What Nigerians are saying about Atiku's journey in Amerika
Atiku: Abuja burntted as Atiku came back to the American journey
The news of Atiku Abubakar's return, the fire of the Guinness Football Corps, President Buhari and the economy of politicians, Onnoghen, Mexico's accident in another group.
Akuko is important:
The PDP and Atiku Abubakar's senators appear in Nnamdi Azikiwe in Abuja to welcome APC, who went to the United States.
Atiku and the president of the Nigeria Assembly, Bukola Saraki took part in two days in the country where Atiku explained, he explained, and the local government and the executives had a meeting.
Atiku will join in the debate which the president will do on Saturday night.
Fire fired in the Guinness Team
The fire fire broke the wine of the Guinness industry in Osisioma Industrial Layout, Aba, Abia state of Fraide.
The fire that reached six hours was fired by fire workers, as well as other agencies near, the police and the community helped to stop him.
The spokesman of Guiness Nike Onakoya told the Igbo BBC that the fire did not injure a person which he was doing great things.
He also said that their drinking industry is still selling in their search in Benin and Ogba,Lagos Breweries.
There is nothing harmful or serious injuries from what happened as Aba's cave is for unemployment and has only few workers.
Since we used my products to be the most important thing in Benini and Ogbagba (Legus).
It is a false report that Onnoghen was supposed to be arrested
Femi Adesina is a well known journalist before the office of president
The office of the journalist has denied the fact that the government wants to kill Nigeria's high court is Justis Onnoghen.
The spokesman of President Muhammadu Buhari, Femi Adesina, expressed his Facebook on the false report that they accused one of the United Political Parties (CoP
Donald Trump: Progressive
The US government ended last week because the cylinders did not support their stand
American President Donald Trump has said that progress has taken place in the matter of removal of the infrastructure of the Ninevision.
He said it is different from what the workers said that it has not gone for him to reach the destination.
Liverpool and Crystal Palace captured him
In sports,
Liverpool defeated Crystal Palace two goals in the Asompier league they celebrated on Saturday.
The government will consume their criminal resources
President Muhammadu Buhari has said that his government will bring wealth to the politicians in corruption and corruption.
Buhari said this in Kaduna where he went to the yesterday election.
He said that it is because he doesn't want to do what he said in 1985, bringing back to the victims.
The Nigerian High Court has embarked on a journey to accommodate Onnoghe
The news that we are paying attention to the Federal Government has gone to the Code of Conduct to remove Justice Walter Onnoghen in his office of Nigeria and the Chairman of the National Judicial Council.
The person whose name put it is the CCT is Nigeria's great lawyer Malami
In overseas
Up to 20 people have died in Mexico while fuel fires are fueled.
Another scandal was injured in the accident that occurred in Hidalgo state in Mexico
In sports
When Lobi Stars and Heartland FC met
The Lobi Stars which Nigeria will meet Asec Mimosas of Eveory Coast today in the capital city is Abidjan and their second in the cup of CAF Champions League.
Lobi's mistress was defeated by Omolodi Sundowns in Enugu
Listen to these minutes here
See today's video
Obasanjo: 'We want a
The former Nigerian desker, Olusegun Obasanjoput has said much about what he said about Nigeria now and what he wants Nigerians to do about it.
Obasanjo
Olusegun Obasanjo has said that it doesn't think that Inec will succeed in the next month.
If they want to pay kidnappers, those who are now in office will not give them a chance.
Obasanjo's collaboration has been
The government has been forced into 2019- Obasanjo
Obasanjo said this while publishing the journalists listed 'Points for concernion and Sion in a school where he was selling literature in Abeokuta.
He said that what Nigeria wants now is the senate president and the inability to shut the country.
Obasanjo said that the Nigerians praised what Buhari did for them while he was in office.
In his words, 'Buhari 'The first goal, we will be popular or we allow it to seduce us again.'
It took Buhari's leadership to which the democratic soldier of Nigeria called Sanni Abacha when he was alive as president.
The news that will interest you:
My son has died because of financial insecurity
Do you know Igbo proverbs well?
Day 28: Do you know the 91 party in Nigeria?
#BCNigeria2019
Atiku came to America with a question that will interest us-Lai Mohammed
Olusegun Obasanjo: What
Obasanjo told BBC that he watched Buhari's actions and saw that Atiku was better than two minutes.
In his discussion with the BBC Yoruba, the former Nigerian president, Olusegun Obasanjo said about the former vice and candidate of the 2019 election of Atiku Abubakar.
He said that he is now saying that he will name Atiku to Buhari because of what Buhari has done.
Those who are selected among them who belong to the APC in the PDP.
By what I have lamented Buhari's signature, misbehaviour, corruption, infrastructure, weakness of mind and all other things compared to Atiku.
Atiku will try two minutes better than Buhari.
He also said about Boko Haram and Independence National Electoral Commission (INEC).
Obasanjo explained that he believed that President Muhammadu Buhari was superior to Atiku gjo, why he was moved to support the Nigerian presidential election.
He also said what happened before the military attacked Odi in 1999, was when up to 2500 people died from the military.
The discussion that will appear in the turbulent is the 22th day of Jan. 2019.
Organisation also plays that people are not involved with drug trafficking because they do not have their money to go to the hospital.
According to Oriuiakhi, 'These are the kind of resource against the thorns that led to the death of some thorns of malaria.'
Four things you do not know about malaria
He said that some people are going to Kemist, denied the drugs from the gunkers.
This will happen that when they want it is a medicine, it will not work with them.
He also said that this was a close bond between health service.
What is needed for preventive drugs to function as it should?
People should be given good training for the use of preventive drugs.
The only time the coconomies have been written is when it should be heard.
Nutrition: It
Those who engage in drugs do not want to sell it but the person does not write his dollar book.
'Culture and Sensitivivity is also believed to have prevention.
The person does not go to the hospital to investigate so that he should be prescribed with drugs.
Health workers should explain the need to know how to take these preventive drugs.
An interesting story
There is no money for the suspension of Imo state.
Nigeria's capital office and its meaning
What will happen and stop the use of technology?
Nigeria Vs Ukraine: Flying Eagles have eventually won.
Nigerians sacked Tijani Mohammed as Naijira defeated their horn in Ukraine on Thursday.
Ademola Olajire
Flying Eagle's musicians defeated their horns in Ukraine
Nigeria and Ukraine scored one goal in the Nigerian U20 World Cup of Nigeria in Ukraine no matter Thursday.
But Nigerians are not happy as Flying Eagle players have been 'band' in the match as they were shot after cattle.
Naijjiria's people are angry at Tijani Mohammed by Flying Eagle as Nigeria is fighting in the match.
Tijani played the penariti, his plenary was remembered by Ukraine shortly before half of the time of the
That happened as Danylo Sikan of Ukraine gave their goal
But Tijani won for himself when he scored a goal in the 47th minuite.
Many Nigerians have expressed their anger on Tijani.
See what some said:
@10media said that Tijani Muhammed is the highest player and Nigerian players
@vic @MLS
@rappatek said that the Flying Eagles coached Tijani on time
@Snetwork said that they did not play with one heart
Jane Ada: I used to use Ndi
Jane Ada is an Igbo man who lives in America with his hand to explain how he saw some of the dark in Igbo land.
Jane Ada, who is known for painting and bones, said that it is by exploring what she used to describe some of the Igbo gods.
Jane studied Sebon even in Enugu before going to America, said that he did not know how to start but that God gave him the special gift.
The images include Amadioha in the land, the two prominent in Igbo land
Listen to hear if he did so and his intentions concerning the culture and Igbo language.
The news reporters: Chioma Nkemdilim and Nnamdi Nnelo.
Women's World Cup 2019: Super Falcons as Super Eagles play
Some journalists in sports have described some of the challenges that women play in Nigeria
The journalists in the player also said that women have said that the Super Falcons of Nigeria is better off than their male counterparts.
They said that no matter how much the people especially those who are not involved in performing women in Nigeria and Africa.
They went on to say that the government is not focused and money in the match as they are doing in the women's match despite women who are more than males.
That is what these incidents do not hear the news about the competition of women in Nigeria.
Nigeria vs Norway: The
Norway has taken three goals to Super Falcons to market in the French world cup.
Norway and Najira in the country of France
Norway has defeated Nigeria with three goals in the world cup of women who started France today
The women of Norway played a man's football while the Nigerians made their bride until their holidays began to be just fruitful at all.
France did Super Falcon to break
Why are women not interested?
The first Goolu Norway to Reiten on the 17th minuite (17) whereas the second about thirty and fourteenth (34) footage of the Utland leg.
The Nigerian music that showed in Ohale is one that made Nigeria a third and seventeenth goal goal goal (37)
While this is done, Nigeria is now using a piece of papers through Francisca Ordega and Desire Oparanozie who first wins it is a thirty minutes (13).
Norway defeated Nigeria with three goals after my rest from Nigeria that didn't get his coach when it was arrested.
On Saturday night as the world cup of women living in France was part of Nigeria and 24 other countries.
Nigeria is the match of Ampi and Stade Auguste Delaune in France.
Nigeria and South Korea will meet on Wednesday at two o'clock in Stade des Alpes, Grenoble
Spain has defeated South Africa with three goals.
An interesting story
The high court in Nigeria has opened AIT again
NBC has decamped AIT, Ray Power
Why are women not interested?
Nigeria vs South Korea: Falcons has made the eagle
The group of Falcons Nigeria has defeated their two goals in the
Oshaola of Nigeria
The French player has been very hot as the Nigerian Falcons led to the eagle.
Nigeria's first foot came from the Senators of Korea when Kim Do-yeon played for them in 29 minutes.
This happened that investigation from Tekn VAR's technology before accepting the goal.
Asisat Oshoala showed that the Nigerians did not come to play for children and 75 minutes.
Nigeria vs Norway: Norway has called disappoint
He commended them with one of their goals that made Nigeria win the match.
Finally, Nigeria won the first match with Norway.
George Weah has met Buhari in Abuja
President of Liberia, George Weah came to meet President Muhammadu Buhari on Thursday in Abuja government
Weah came to meet Buhari
George Weah and Muhammadu Buhari
President of Liberia, George Weah came to meet President Muhammadu Buhari on Thursday in Abuja government
According to the Director of the Federal High Court of Twitter, the two countries have discussions on both sides of the two countries as it is relevant to security and economy.
Chiji Collins has been elected as the president of Imo state
New legislators in the state of Imo-hoputala Maazi Chiji Collins as their voices are approaching them.
This popular son, who represents the guy of the Federal Government of the state.
He was elected without a presidency.
This is the second time it is going to the institution as the first one in 2015.
Uloome also elected Okechukwu Onyekanma, who represents Mbaitoli of the state as his vice.
A laughter has disqualified a gun in Ekiti
The town of Ilasa Ekiti in Ekiti State is now apologizing over the death of a smiler who smilings because he refused to marry him.
The laughter who has not been called on was arrested on the road where he went to hit the water and stabbed it on Tuesday.
A man has shot a woman and her family with fire for rejecting her friend
A man has killed his wife for jealousy
The mayor of the town, Ajayi Omolagba said that the former musician had shut down a cylinder through his family according to Fulani's orders.
But the cylinders refused to give him a smile that made him killed the gunman.
The Ekiti State police said that this happened, that they had arrested the man by their release.
Fire burnt in Port Harcourt
River steel steer has added that it is the electricity of Port Harcourt Shopping Mall.
The state secretary, Tammy Danago, told the senator that they would do the same for the people to start business today.
The president of Katsina
Many people have been killed in Benue and other states in Nigeria
The news that we are saying that kidnappers have kidnapped a throne in Garin Labo in Kastina state
The throne was on his way when the kidnappers came to fight.
In overseas
The news that the Mexican President Andres Obrador has said that he will sell an airline for the people of his country to cross the Amerika inzo.
Obrador said that he would take the public airline to ensure that he fills his promise of the American country that wants their victims.
In sports, Friend FC got award as 'the best in Africa in 2003
In fear, Friendmba has taken Nigeria Premier league of their eight pieces by using three goals to defeat Akwa United yesterday.
Friendmba, with 12 points in their five games, while Reuben Bala, Stanley Dimgba and Abdulrahman Bashir scored Friendship number
Listen to these news here:
Child trafficking: police
The police in Imo said that Immaculata Edward kidnapped and sold 5 children from the family in Ngor Akpala in the state.
The suspects kidnapped the children
The Operation Puff Adder's officer of Imo State has arrested people of their responsibility as kidnapping children.
In the 24th month of Epurel, 2019, a woman named Immaculata Edward said she was 31 years old from Okondo in Cros Riva State who kidnapped five goals in the burial of Ifngara and Ngor Okpala in Imo state.
NAPTIP has arrested child trafficking
Doctors have been kidnapped after child trafficking
Immacu reduces the number of five children of her boyfriend whose parents asked her to take care of them.
These children are the parents; Somto Eke, a six-old girl, Caleb Ekeh, a five-old man.
Others are Chisom Ekeh, a thirty-old woman, Ebukam, a three-old man, a woman who is five years old in Lucky Ida, a six-old man.
Children saved and told their families
Immacu reduces them to the well known child trafficking, Perpetual of the Ulakwo Cup, Imo state.
Perpetual called two of these children and sold them from Grace Nwachukwu from Aboh Mbaise and settled in Mpape Abuja.
Immacu reduced the two children from Cross River State and sold them from Ifeoma Ndubu from Lokpanta Abia state.
A saved child and his parents
By investigating the police regime, all the kidnapped children have been found and put in their homes.
In the investigation, five more children were saved from Perpetual and sent to a child hall.
The suspects of this include Perpetual Affairs, Ifara, Immaculata Edward, Grace Nwachukwu, Ifeoma Ndubu and Stephen Eze.
Child trafficking is not surprising because the Eastern Nigeria is.
The news that will interest you:
There is nothing like Igbo president- Okorocha
Does a woman who is married without being happy?
Rochas Okorocha has taken the oath of employment as Nigeria's lawyer
AFCON 2019: the
This process will compete the Awka Football contest that will start in the twenty days of the month of Israel in Egypt.
African nations
Inecc Server: 'We have collected 'odreader's societies in all sections of the computer.
Inec said that the names of all those kept in the 2019 elections are on their computer.
Festus Okoye and Emeka Unachukwu
The Inec minister, Festus Okoye is saying that the staff have no 'Server's absence which allowed them to evacuate the 2019 election.
Okoye from Nigeria's law did not allow them to do the same.
Justice Garba has taken a seat in Atiku and Buhari
The House of Region has continued for the 2019 election
In his voice, Nigeria's lawyer granted permission to carry out all the elections of the 'C8A's EC8A's hand to take their place and sit.'
The Nigerian law to do it is the election which is not known for the use of the solar system to evacuate any message.
The 'Collation Officer's duty to carry out these documents to the place where he wants it.
We never sent me out the election.
Okoye admits that those who kept their name in the 2019 elections on the computer, were given to all members of the group.
'Incent Form' is not going to stop corruption in the election.
He stressed that 'The only time the senatorial election would be used for sava'.
He said that he did not know about the release of the 2019 election in any sava.
In the same way BBC also asked a prominent senator, Emeka Unachukwu what is 'server?
Unachukwu said that the 'Server is a collaboration that collaborations other collaboration
He said that Inec could say that they have no 'server because he had another company that they were arrested but not true that they had no server in the place of seed.
He said that the Internet has 'server in his own place where many people are looking for their message.
Unachukwu said that 'Inec wouldn't say they don't have sava because they have their place of bearing fruit.
They may call this 'This' but what it is, sava because the senator has cursed other youths who can draw it up.
He said that the forest Inec is headed that they are not server's
They invite people to take the PVC ready for the election
Unachukwu said that if he was voted to take him to the place he was read, that Inec would also give him a 'server'.
But they can say that they have not put me out 2019 that it is 'server that shows they are not doing their jobs.
An interesting story
The way you can avoid overseasing your baby HIV
Do the Igbos challenge Nigeria's leadership?
The paying of two months without adequate salaries - Abia Teachers
See our video
World Blood Donor Day 2019: What people think about giving blood
As today is the time to give the BBC Igbo blood to ask people what they know about giving blood.
Today, blood is called 'World Blood Donor Day 2019'
BBC Igbo asked people what they knew about giving blood and what kind they were saying for.
Listen to them
Diet and Dementia:
See this article how you can prepare a good meal to help you remain healthy.
Seeds and vegetables also arranged for them to clothe themselves with the mind.
Learn about food that takes the brain to give you long life in health.
Do you know seven foods that can help you to disqualify the infrastructure of the brain?
Fifteen billion people around the world are inaugurated with the infrastructure of rally sacking loss and study problems, as well as up to up to 10 billion people annually (WHO).
In addition to the fact that entrepreneurs have been found to be part of the ministry, but there is no meeting that supports it.
Resurrection of Wine, Khifi, and Chbolet as well as 'Champagne's popularity has been popular as a majestic for the misconduct of the brain.
But, is there real truth in these words?
Let's read what Sheila Dillon is a BBC worker when he interviewed the professor for the matter.
As you will buy, the foods that are signed for the good of your brain:
Food came from flood
Genuine proteins, tuberculosis and manufacturing the Fatty Acids'
The consumption that it is one or more in Nigeria in the week is accusing the dominant brain.
'vine's fruit and other seeds are similar.
View the Seed of vinedress in your body
Seeds such as 'Strawberries and 'blueberries have to stop the early birth of the brain.
Speech and coconut
Aki and other cases of rape are both incredible and infrastructure
One of the 30-years and 30mg of various coconuts, corn, 'rye, the rice of the album, which is completed, the milet, and the 'protein', 'minerlas' and fibre' will run away.
Small
Sleep is giving blood and bothering the brain
He said that the leaves and vegetables he used to address the brain, the person knows what he says.
Vetaminin B
Vetamin B: 'It was used to play
How many people have access to brain problems that enables Vitamin B kolanut to meet the infrastructure of the brain.
Do you also drink what it takes to drink water?
Kai thanked the old people of 'Olmec-Mexico for showing the world as drinking water.
Koko is good for the ministry and is reaping
But remember also as you drink water that contains diabetes.
Ubebekee
You can get the Ubebeke
What contributed to the globalization of the world's favours because it helps the quality of the brain.
Have you looked down?
All these foods are not prepared to get and there are others that can be able to change which you don't want in your gun.
And remember, these foods are not only because of your brain, they are preparing you for it?
This article is a revolution of 'Diet and Dementia, which is unique to the 'BC's The Food Programme.
Mikel Obi: What I came to do without Iko AFCON
The leader of the Super Eagles played for victory as they came to Iko AFCON 2019
Mikel Obi
The leader of Nigerians - Mikel Obi
Mikel Obi will call the Super Eagles of Nigeria to Egypt for AFCON 2019 AFCON 2019 AFCON has said that he has not come to play because AFCON's infrastructure is strong
It has lasted six years of Mikel Obi that touched Iko Abika
When Nigeria won in South Africa
Mikel will not compete in Poland
Mikel Obi is not happy
Mikel Obi's father has been rescued from other kidnappers
Another time Mikel obtained in Afka is in 2006 in 2010 when the Super Eagles won the third.
In the time of AFCON this year, Mikel will disqualify the young men whose blood is burnt with this year in Egypt.
Mikel said: 'We are not meant that the Eagles are not the oldest in the next week of Affairs as it is, who will be given such as Samuel (chukwuezes) and Paul (Onuachu) the opportunity to prove their contents.
I hope that we will go to use maximum and return with the eagle.'
Super Eagles
He also said that he appreciates the efforts of the Super Eagles to fight against their fall on the Uwa cup.
Mikel believes that the certificate will remain strong but he believes that the cooperation of the Super Eagles children will help them win the match.
Remember that Mikel Obi first played for Nigeria in 2005 when Super Eagles and Libya team met.
Mikel said that the match could be the final case in Super Eagles.
He said 'We have been going to try for him to get married.'
Ukraine and U20 world cup: South Korea has been
Ukraine has voted to South Korea to take three goals and have been part of the world
Ukraine vs South Korea
The Nigerian footballers have defeated one South Korea with three goals and formerly less than 20 years old countries in Poland today are Saturday.
This victory came after the South Koreans had completed the morning stadium and five minutes which Lee Kang-in placed them on foot.
Flying Eagles have defeated the king
Nigeria has won in AFCON U20 match
But Ukraine told South Korea that they were not afraid of months when Vladyslav Supria washed the goal of thirty minutes.
Vladyslav Supria said that it is not really unfortunate that the twenty minutes were when he scored his second goal in South Korea's match.
The Koreans also called a lot of time but Ukraine told them that my child is not that my son has been praised when they fulfilled him with three goals from Giorgi Tsitavili in the eighthenth century.
The cour of Sat Korea ghar
In South Korea the world rematched after the end of the match.
This is the first time Ukraine is the world cup, as England has remembered him two years ago.
An interesting story
What I came to do without Iko AFCON'- Mikel Obi
Ulo Court has defeated Chimaroke another African man who wants to wipe out women who do not want to suffer.
They want them to create good health
The women of Igbo are using appropriate dresses for everybody.
The women of Igbo are looking for women who are trying
Whatever a man has put in it, a Igbo woman will support her.
They are trying to get involved in activities that are already, they don't want to stay quiet
All that a woman finds to do, she will do it.
The news that will interest you:
INEC agreed on 'card 'in'
China has defeated Xi the president
Rwanda: Prophec
Dapchi children: The fight between Buhari and Jonathan
The fight has collapsed between Buhari and Jonathan for kidnapping Dapchi students in northern Nigeria.
Buhari started visiting towns where there was an apology in Nigeria, Taraba, Plateau, Benue before going to Yobe.
President Mohammadu Buhari said that the former president of the past was Goodluck Jonathan was looking into the kidnap of the students.
He said this yesterday when he made a visit to Dapchi of Yobe State, where the children were kidnapped last month.
He condemned Jonathan's administration and the inauguration of Chibok students when they were kidnapped in 2014,ma said that he was inexperienced.
Some of the students are kidnapped
But Buhari's words have been different from many people.
The defendant of 'Bring Back Our Girls, Sesugh Akume has said that the president has not tried.
Akume said, 'We are not happy, this is four years of the kidnap of Chibok children, now that it has happened in Dapchi's hometown as Buhari's administration is doing the same in Jonathan's own time.
It has reached the month of the kidnap of the children, but now the government is going there.
Not all they said that they had brought Dapchi children out.
The president agreed that Dapchi's parents would bring the kidnapped children
Jonathan's special assistant Reno Omokiri said that Buhari's son Yusuf Buhari had more pain than Dapchi children.
He said that when Chibok children were kidnapped, Jonathan called on the security meeting, where Buhari canceled the constituency during Dapchi's kidnapped children.
He also stated that in the Yusuf Buhari's time, there were accidents that Buhari had canceled all the journeys, and went to visit his son in the hospital.
The news that will interest you:
Dapchi's parents shut up Abuja
Another person who said his will Femi Fani-Koyed and his tuwita;
Jonathan's spokesman, Reuben Abati said his own and tuwita;
Other Nigerians said that kolanut;
Is it a custom that will end in Igbo land?
A baby, a baby, was bought with water, sounds and regrets and went to visit her mother.
A newborn and her mother
Slave is the Igbo culture that has begun since the old days to come.
Caring for Igbo culture is the time a mother is coming to visit her daughter and her child (for her child)
At times, if a woman does not have a mother ( if her mother has died), the wife of her father or her husband will stay in her house and look at her.
Five things that interest women
Women have sued their headowowu in new forms
The value of a woman is not in the kitchen
Why she is a lady but a man, is because she is known as a woman who is the most important thing about her because she has gone through the situation
The treatment season is a time for a mother to teach her daughter everything she knows about caring for the baby.
Sometimes, she was born with a baby, the mother of her husband came and began looking for her own debt.
A woman who is born with a baby takes rest and her mother to care for her child.
What a mother does in debt
A mother will give her daughter something that will cause her breast milk
A mother will prepare her foods that will cause her health problems
The mother will know her flashes in the year and other places she wants, and she knows what to burn her body (rob, aboniki)
A mother will feed a baby, sack it and wash it and injure it
He will also prepare the baby, and his bags will be brought to the net.
She will see that her child is lying on the drains of water and sanitation with hypertension and antibiotics, which will enable dangerous blood to rescue.
He will be stabbing him for this day if they first got the public before he was pregnant
The mother will encourage her daughter because she has been with herself in the situation
He will also carry out other household chores such as family repair and family heads.
The benefits of treatment
Breaking is the time of a mother, her baby and baby with a good relationship called 'bonding. For this is how many mothers go to wherever their child is born, both in the home and in the country of over three months.
She will call on her daughter what her child means, whether she eats or afflicts.
Ten foods in debt
The woman who is looking at a manufactured foods, some are the use of blood to disqualify her during her child's next season. These are both roots and cylinders.
Inspired water
Save water
Tossala
Drugs
Tii is hot with hands
Food
Breaking on the coconomy
Story
Ehuru and Slave
Senate
Mr.
Any food that will be good food
It is said that the sounds that stop the years of pregnancy and other diseases such as justice
A woman's food should not be eaten in debt
Things filled
Fears, generations and any oil used for oil
Ahu.
Any food that has fat (lim we don't eat it because it is eaten with fat and fat will compete within the body)
The news that will interest you:
Is the wife's hair important today?
Have you ever tried a woman to wear a man?
Five things that interest women
What is your objective for disqualification?
Drugs
The end of debt, a mother who comes in debt will get much.
Those who come to visit will buy a variety of gifts such as money, pieces, shoes, bags, bags, various foods, and then go.
He will be bought with salt and bags which he will recover his neighbours if he gets home.
The women of Ozubulu have made the show.
The news said that the women of Ozubulu were dressed as the herds went to the headquarters of the police in Amawbia to plead for
Armed robbers attacked St. Phillips last year
Ozubulu's women under Ekwusigo and Anambra state went to the police station in Amawbia to plead for them to cover the yesterday
They did this because they were among those who thought that they attacked the house in their town on the 6th day of August last year.
They said that the people are afraid of their lives that it is also because of this they seek to cover those who will give evidence against those who attacked them in the court
They took a big note to write 'We want to complete accommodate policemen in court.
What a witness said about Ozubulu's murder
The spokesman of the Anambra police Nkiruka Nwode told Igbo BBC that the women need peace is for peace in their community.
Nwode said that the women were doing what was requested for the police to support the court for the killing of their country.
The president of Anambra State Garba Baba Umaru gave the women support, said to them to go.
Umaru told the women that 'I is here, I don't know what to do for you, I will see that you got enough justice.
What happened in Ozubulu
Armed robbers went to St. Phillips of Katolik's house and shot people while they were lying
The attack took 11 persons on August 617
Story said that it was a controversy between the two people living in the country of Saut Awka that led the incident.
This led to a study of the case with Nigerian police in Saut Africa
Those who accused him of having planned became the target of the trophy: President of Nigeria, 46, Chukwudi Ugwu, 30 and Great Chinedu Akpuno, 44
This statement is still in court where witnesses are creating power every day
The news that will interest you:
Aruzi is already the market of Timbershade
The benefits of treating in Igbo culture
Two Nigerian soldiers have been killed in Plateau
Agwa people are hurting me because my husband does not marry
In Igbo, a thirty years old girl is not in need of disqualification, battering and other challenges.
Directors are undergoing wedding wedding
Unwed bullies are being tormented
Nkiru (or we didn't put his father's name as we promised him) is more than 30 years working as an accommodate person in Lagos's office but it hasn't been
Nkiru told the BBC journalist that his position insults him, oppression, discrimination and cruelty from his family and the rest.
The last time I went to house, the people told me that I came home from house to house if he didn't know my boyfriend came home.
He also said that his uncle (nna has died) does not give him and his sister due to them because they are not married.
Listen to what Nkiru said
The people of our house told me if I came home again and I didn't see a husband'
In Igbo, marrying a husband is a very mature elder
According to a study by the National Demographic and Health Survey's 2013 collaboration, in Nigeria, 15 years old women were married for 28.2 percent, while the 35--five years married for 894 percent.
The benefits of treating in Igbo culture
Will this Osu stop in Igbo land?
This is alluding that marrying is a culture that has bought ethnic groups in Nigeria
But if a woman is young enough to marry if she is not well, especially in the Eastern Region, Nigeria is being looked at, and some are bothered, even the things they have produced in life.
Gini is the source of it?
A professor of social media called 'diciology explains, what is especially traumatic or abuse of women is not good and fair .
In his words, Dr Adedeji Oyenu, a professor of 'Sociology in Lagos State University, explained that it was amena and that some parents do not care for their child that they do not train their child properly.
It is from a pessimist. He had a baby looking at his parents, but when a child praised to himself, the bride is being looked forward to marrying, even if he doesn't do this, especially if she and her parents were to blame him for their failures.
Dr Nkechi Emma-Echiegu is a lecturer and Ebonyi State University also said that it is a land.
In Igbo, it is a child who is born, who is being rejected.
He went on to say that it is a rumour that is being abused or abused because of not
Listen to what he said in mourning:
What is missing in time:
Dr Adedeji Oyenuga said that the cause of 'productiveness is a woman of education that could lead to the marriage of the natives.
Also, it is that women are still in disqualifying. He also said that natives are more released than women who have been married to a partner with him.
What is involved in persecuting the unmarried girl
According to Oyenuga Executive Executive Executives, Oyenuga's Oyenuga Executive Executive Director, which can lead to death, salaries.
Echigu said that it could lead various tragedies that include racism, badness, vice marriage, losses and death.
They said that the use of insight would help to disqualify the infrastructure of the unqualified bride as universities.
In Oklahoma, a woman will go to jail for marrying her child
A mother of two years of jailing had been jailed for marrying her daughter in Oklahoma in America.
Patricia Ann Spann and his son,Misty Dawn Spann
This woman is born with her son
Patricia Ann Spann, who is 45 years old agreed that she and her daughter, Misty Velvet Dawn Spanon, got a book and had a relationship with her blood.
The woman was kidnapped if they came together again in 2014
They marry themselves when they accept the command of a woman to marry or to marry her fellow man in the area.
Researchers found that Patricia Ann Spann had been married to her son at the time of 18 years, while the boy was destroyed in 2010
An interesting story
The former Katolic football has detained school
The people of our house told me if I came home again and I didn't see a husband'
Dangote's daughter has married in Kan
It is the visiting department that noticed the woman and her child when they visited their family.
According to the newspaper, the Ministry of Spann ended his relationship with his mother last month after the debate with his mother and tyranny led him into the relationship.
Misty Spann said that his mother had told him that he and his three lawyers took counsel to his people that he was not involved in the meeting.
Patricia Ann Spann said that he believed that their relationship with them did not conflict with law because his daughter's birthday was not registered as a parent when they met herself two years before they were involved.
Misty Spann admits that he was violated by the blood of the people. He was given ten years for inspection and vigilance of conscience.
While the mother of Patricia will overthrow eight years of his prison sentence, her name will be placed in the draft as a kidnapper.
In the law in the Oklahoma region, one person's bleeding of blood if they don't have any relationship with him.
Igbo food: What you don't know about your appearance
Organisation is one of the most fearless foods in Igbo, and it is one of the Igbos.
Health
'It is disqualified before its fruit is eaten.
Many Igbos know that they don't know how to create coughs before it is eaten.
There is a tree which produces a big galaxy of 'fruit'. Its galaxy is bought its galaxbooks, where its seeds are produced by its seed in producing what we are
The galaxy, he drank from his tree on the floor, he was allowed to sell infrastructure before he was beaten and released. The Igbo said that
Before eating, it will pass various roads like:
His way of life
To open it
But seeing it in fire
Supplementary
Health
Oil
Some also use it to disqualify, magg and yousha
Some buy vegetables for vegetables.
Some also produce seed
Some also give deficit
He collapsed until his time
How to use it
These things you will do before your head:
Add your water to ensure that there is no contact with a stone.
Put it in a pepper called 'pressure pot and his wife will cover it with water
Some use disqualification to make it written and open
It is open and water contained in it, puts it dry, pepper oil and salt.
Let him stay with the foods you put in with him
Remove him and let him stay in writing and open
Broads are a delightful food that you will enjoy if you put it or not putting any light
How to eat it
In some countries such as Urualla is in Imo state, they do not answer the water used for their use. They consume its liquidity and eat their different kinds.
Some are not putting oil in their foods, while some extract water from it which is that they take it to them in the water.
It is also open, drained with coconut or coconut today.
Many people are looking for cylinders.
How to protect yesterday
He is being harassed before being caught for those who will buy him to go to the field.
Before you put it, go to water from night to night. This will make it possible for him to write a bottle and open it when you're going to keep it.
what it gives in the body
The findings of scientists showed that there are many good things in the body, such as riboflavin, iron, thiamin, iron and cosfors. He also contains potas tour, collaboration, cylinders, cylinders, seditors, and tigers.
It is good for the human soul, some are taking the leaves of its roots because it kills the dendruff pieces, disqualifying the hair.
He also had a minimum fat called certificate, high schools and even parties.
Some drink water where some drink it in its water
Other things you do not know
Some of the oils are used to enjoy (flavour)
It is used for kolanut as flour.
It is also oiled
The news that will interest you:
It takes one in Enugu for the visit of Fayose.
We will disqualify government from the institution- ICSC
The benefits of treating in Igbo culture
It has been said that people have run away
The former former residents of the garbage area of the doctor said that such environment is creating various diseases.
Where they throw grass
It is from where vegetation is disqualified with major diseases.
The senators in Ikosi region, Isheri or Ketu in Lagos steered bitterly to say that the government is going to fury all the Olososunpsites from Ojotata.
Enugu State has this in the open road leading from Enugu to Port Harcourt.
The heading of these areas is as dry as that in Lagos, some of the cylinders are on the ground because of the salaries.
In Lagos, the report said that a child died because there was no energy to breathe because the sun said where it was everywhere.
For this reason, Lagos Governor Akinwunmi Ambode has shut down the weeds.
Government and communities are changing crops every time
What people are saying
But the point is still and people live here.
BBC Igbo called Samuel Osaze blast on phone.
He said that the production industry is a major cause of disease.
The result is because the government is fighting here at any time. The cold after I am moving by the roads, the masses of the grassropped around the grasslands.
In 2013, Lagos, Lagos, Lagos, Lagos Ote Management Agency LAWMA said that Lagos is up to 13,000 tons.
One doctor, Dkta Ikechukwu Mgbolu said that sunshine is disqualifying various diseases such as cholera (Cholera), Taifod, malaria (malaria) and lasa fiva.
He also said that those with this disease (asthma) are not able to live closer to this area.
Mgbolu said: 'Nnukwu smokes are spreading the infrastruction disease called 'paspiratory infection because of the grievous eggs in the sun.'
Osaze said that the key is not yet to bear in the middle of the month of March and the fight for all the years for this period is the time of the
Those who live in Lagos spend every time on the road in Lagos
Osaze said, 'On't the civilised villages are going to be disqualified because they know that such action is a major act.
The government should buy what is called in dinerator and coconomy.
Ambode Governor has said that there will be no discard for any other vegetation because of her various diseases.
It is available to other senators to say what to do in the loss of vegetation between their country.
The news that will interest you:
Buhari's motive cancels Rwanda's journey
Are these banks robbing Nigerians?
Uber fever kills people in America
A Uber car himself beat a woman in Tempe town in Arizona, in Amerika
Uber
The Uber House has shown sadness over the killing of the woman
Uber who is a member of the social media has said that they have paid for a self-year car to hit a 49-old woman in the town of Tempe in Arizona.
According to the report, the minimum caused the Uber's office to stop the self-infrastructure of the car they started.
Uber President Dara Khoswshahi said that Twitter is a heartbreaking thing.
We are concerned about how we are affected if we are in contact with the cybers to understand how things happened.
This accident is no matter how Uber is affected, it will affect the efforts of automobiles to make himself available for human transportation.
The news that will interest you:
We will disqualify government from the institution- ICSC
Are these banks robbing Nigerians?
Putin will rule Russia for six years
But they did it through a revolution, it would make the majority of the investments in Nigeria's tigers.'
In the last few years, Nigeria has a financial crisis like its economic growth growth in the country because of the cost of fuel infrastructure in
It is the situation that happened, as Uwaleke said, it would not be good for Nigeria to follow IMF's life.
Uwaleke said that if Nigeria now belongs to him, he will have the money to pay for his debt because he will be proud of.
An interesting story
What is Nigeria's prize in the COGM?
Are Nigerians not going to meet in America?
Police have prevented the house of Dino Melaye
World Cancer Day: I came
Gloria Orji is the Igbo child who wins cancer and is good, he says that while he wins breast cancer, the defendant will fight against cancer.
breast cancer is a threat to the world because it kills people.
Worse still is those seeking treatment but there is no medicine released from it is his treatment.
The yeartext for Kansa, 2019, 'The United States, you can't believe that we can all attack Kansa's disease.
But Gloria is the founder of breast cancer in 2010, he was beaten and killed, and he defeated all other things and defeated him.
In his words, 'Kansa is not the case to death, now, it is accusing that the case of women who are cancer.
He told the Igbo BBC how he had dealt with it is a fearsome disease all over the world.
Bill Cosby's citizens in the assault of a woman
Bill Cosby can jail up to thirty years for the rape of a woman.
Bill Cosby
Bill Cosby is a prominent man
The court in Amerika has decided that the prosecutor, Bill Cosby in three tribunals who attacked our women.
It was Andrea Constand who was a member of the Federal Region for Cosby in court after
Bring Nnamdi Kanu the day of his trial
The court has ordered that Innoson be arrested
Cosby is 80 years old, still denying the charge, but the decision can put it in prison for 30 years.
This is the second time Cosby is contesting for the assault of women.
Bill Cosby is a well known and a video called 'The Cosby Show'.
Many women are still accused of rape but Cosby said that they are all
An interesting story
MASOB - Ebere Buhari is not responsible
See the variety of foods produced by soil soil
Codeine, abuse
Codeine, illiteracy is a news of sensational and has said that the lives of young people in Nigeria in the destruction of the BBC.
Codeine, abuse, is a news of the use of drugs that has said that the lives of young people in Nigeria are ruined.
The BBC journalists took a secret investigation in the exposure of the drug producers, who claimed to be drug dealers in a way contrary to Nigeria's law.
Codeine abuses: Emzor has decamped workers
Emzor Pharmaceuticals has disqualified one of their officers for research, the Codeine Oditor of the BBC.
A boy and drug use,copdeine
The news says that the political party is making medicine for the youths as a gift.
The inclusive industry in Nigeria is, Emzor Pharmaceuticals, has disqualified a partnership partner, and two have been disqualified because of their own involvement in the legislation of the codeines, according to the history of BBC that led to the democrating the Nigerian life
Emzor sacked a member of their businessman who sold the BBC journalist, Emzolyn syrup
They said this on a social media after BBC postponement on October 30 of April
In the full of the video, one merchant drug dealer includes one of the Emzor worker used this method of treating people with drugs.
Angry and angry people who came to the video which showed a lot in Lagos yesterday
One said that it is the political party who is offering oil in Kano as he said that they are bringing the medical party as a gift.
But the Emzor company has denied that they are not selling illegal drugs.
They also said that they had stopped the sale of Emzolyn with Codeine when they would finish investigation with allegations that they were sexually abused.
Emzor stopped stealing their businesses and ended it.
Emzor Pharmaceuticals is a self - respective and honest company.
They have the right to sell more than 120 copies of the Emzolyn Codeine in the hands of NAFDAC.
They went on to say: Emzolyn Codeine yue has been stopped following a complete investigation.'
In the BBC Conference for the coordination of training and services (pharmacists) in Nigeria in the Eastern Region, he said that there is a law that is also waiting for the spreading of drugs, but in every house that they find out that they are not doing wrongly, he said.
Okafor said, 'We have planned to use hypnotism in Nigeria which made a person unable to train a doctor.
Any company that was discovered was violated by the bill, we kept it.'
Many Nigerians are in the wake of Emzor because of their efforts to take drugs among young people.
One person who asked the company said: " If the BBC industry does not show the results, the industry will not do anything to stop the use of the drug among the youth?
Is it that the workers do not know what they are doing?
Another person, Mairo Manda, called for government to shut down the drug containing codeine.
Codeine: NAFDAC has attacked four in
NAFDAC said that they would try to stop all the industry supporting the codeine drugs in Nigeria.
NAFDAC workers
NAFDAC is constantly attacking the drug producing industry in Nigeria
The Department of Agriculture in Nigeria called NAFDAC in the name of armed robbery industry in Lagos, Ilorin and Kano.
The attack, adding BBC investigation which showed how people were violating the codeine drugs.
NAFDAC said that their attack, showed that these agencies are still creating more drugs than the institutions that allowed them to produce.
Super Codeine: Wxtromethorn is going to address?
Government has arrested codeine
Codeine abuses: Emzor has decamped workers
The wife of the president has shouted for the codeine
The leader of NAFDAC, Mojisola Adeyeyeye, told journalists that now, they are investigating the activities of the four BBC agencies that showed in their videos.
In his words: 'The majority of drugs have been involved in the pharmaceutical industry in Ilorin.
Bioraj Pharmaceuticals said that they had stopped their jobs Junaid Hasssan in power, Emzor also said that they had decamped their commissioner Chukwunonye Madubus
They both appeared in the BBCyo BBC videos that bribes are receiving the codeine drugs.
But the spokesmans are saying that the government should punish the workers more than investigations.
Other stories that will interest you:
Four roads by the journalists said that the job is clear.
The court has refused to leave Dino Melaye to 11 Jews
Buhari has decamped Nigeria from his US
The Naijian president Muhammadu Buhari has defeated Nigeria after he stopped in London.
Muhammadu Buhari
Buhari and Trump took care of fighting against the cold
The Nigerian president Muhammadu Buhari has traveled to Amerika to visit President Donald Trump inta Nigeria
Airporteur was the mandate of Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport,Abuja at 10 p.
Some government officials went to welcome him.
He was the spokesman of the president Femi Adesina who told the journalists after the match.
Buhari's president will go to America
See what Buhari and Trump did
Four roads Buhari compared Trump
Buhari who left Washington DC on Tuesday after a meeting with Trump said in London.
The president's spokesman, Garba Shehu,boro was the accident of the airlines to say that it is because the executives of the President's journey are still on the way.
He also said that Buhari was using a small airline that has not been encouraged to travel long ago, caused him to stop the British land.
Shehu said that the executive was for fuel in his search and analysis before receiving Nigeria.
He said that there is nothing that is missing because the president has come to Nigeria
But see what people are saying in Soshal midia:
The news that will interest you:
Only onuku will admit that Buhari has done well
NAFDAC has attacked four agencies for the codeine drugs
Do you know that killing someone who wants to die is a bad thing in Nigeria?
Buhari president has gone to London again for the journey.
President Muhammadu Buhari is going to see his doctor who told him to come for his visit and treatment.
Buhari
It is not for a week that Buhari came from America where he and Donald Trump had a meeting.
President Muhammadu Buhari will leave today to London where he finds treatment for the disease.
The president's spokesman, Garba Shehu wrote that the president would take four days tour.
He said that when the president came to London for the burial of oil and oil on his flight from America, he and his coconomy followed.
Buhari has decamped Nigeria from his US
Buhari will travel to UK today
Why did Buhari come to Lagos?
He said that his gun asked him to return to the president's promise he would come.
The president will be looking for the 12th day of May.
Shehu said that she would return, she would visit Jigawa state, the journey for the APC meeting and the meeting.
The journey will now take the 14th day of Monde, Tuesday 15 this month, May
Remember that the president is receiving treatment in London but he does not tell Nigeria how he feels
An interesting story
Legos: women who are 213
45 corpses have been found in Tellska
Ndigbo will not fight again
Sweet the codelet: Nafdac has shut down three hospitals that employ codeine.
Nafdac has shut the Bioraj hospital, Peace and Emzor for the drug dealer's uselessly
Codeine, abuse
Many youths are suffering from various diseases because of drug trafficking.
The Division Agency, Nafdac has shut down three hospitals; Bioraj Pharmaceutical Limited, Emzor Pharmaceuticals Ind.
Ltd and Peace Standard Pharmaceutical Limited is the industry that is involved in the sale of drugs illegally.
BBC released a secret investigation which they had made in the exposed to the three corpses that used the institutions of the drug which had been illegally treated while the doctor gave a book, to the youths were disqualified.
Codeine, abuse of oppression
Codeine abuses: Emzor has decamped workers
Government has arrested codeine
In a letter published by the Nafdac President Mojisola Adeyeye, the constituency commenced their investigation as they were later in the industry.
In view of the inability of adequate evidence and attempts to stop the documents we should investigate on 2th of May, in their office in Lagos, there is need for three banks to be sealed by the Peace Standard Phamaceutical Limited; Biojrraj Phamar
This is to give an opportunity to investigate enough research.
Nafdac is doing research for the BBC investigation on the drug.
