The news that will interest you:
Joseph Achuzie, Dike Biafra has gone away
Dapchi: The government has not defeated Boko Haram - Massob
Tottenham is looking forward to carrying FA out FA and Rochadale's victory
Son Heung-min, Fernando Llorente and Kyle Walter-Peters of Tottenham are the closing team of Rochadale in the match yesterday.
Son Heung-min of Tottenham and his team became meat when he scored a goal in FA.
Tottenham has defeated FA after eight times
In sports, Tottenham's team scored six goals against Rochadale in FA.
This victory means that Tottenham and Swansea will compete Quarter Final in the 17th day of March.
Son Heung-min scored the first goal for the fifth. Fernando Llorente scored three goals in the second half, while Kyle Walter-Peters scored the goal of the head.
Son Heung-min stopped playing Rochadale club
What will happen next?
Tottenham will go to the Wemble's three-year-on-on-year-on-on-on-on-on-year-on-on-on-on-on-on-on-on-th of March, before they will collaborate
Rochdale's team had 16 coaches to save themselves and sell them into sackage and league.
Their first match will be on Plymouth in March three days.
The news that will interest you:
Guardiola has lifted his first cup in England
Champions League: Neymar has broken his leg
Police chief: Select a cow before replacing them
The police officer had asked the governors to open the place where the cattle was reared before they locked their cattle integrals.
Ibrahim Idris
The commissioner of police Ibrahim Idris has said that the state should be the ground of cattle training before reshaving the cattle
The police officer said this yesterday that at Kaduna's conference on the Federal Road Safety Corps said that it would help to create problems among farmers and cattle regulators.
He went on to say that the problem arose in Benue because the state government had not seen a cattle before installing cattle
At the summit, 'The Federal Conservation: The security crisis and the need to find an adequate way to stop it,' among farmers and cowers did not begin during the presidential period, Muhammdu Buhari.
Idris said: " In my mind, to reduce the crisis between farmers and cattlemakers, the state government will try to build cattle stations in their state before they have to end the cattle.
The news that will interest you:
The marketplace has burnt in Alaba International
For Achuzia, we will see that Biafra was fulfilled
In Imo state, gardens have many wildlife
The Imo state animal chambers have different wildlife.
Different animals are in their camp in Imo state.
These animals were also built for proper housing.
Timothy , George Weah's son , has begun to play with PSG
Timothy Weah has gone to PSG where his father George Weah is a good musician from 1992 to 1995
Timothy Weah
Timothy Weah would make his father like people?
The Libian president George Weah called Timothy Weah has started playing together in PSG club, where his father had played earlier.
Timothy appeared on the stage as PSG and Troyes compete.
While Neymar and Kylian Mbappe were not on the spot for the injured, Angel Di Maria and Christopher Nkunku who scored the goal of PSG's victory in this contest.
Neymar and Mbappe without having contributed to Weah's chance to contest.
George Weah scored 55 goals in PSG
Timothy's father was George Weah defeated PSG players before 23 years ago, before going to AC Milan.
PSG has 10 competitions in the future, of which they should get 17 consolations if they are able to contaminate the Federation of theFrench League this year.
They will meet with Real Madrid on Tuesday with their secondary Champions League. At the first stage, Real Madrid defeats them 3-1.
The man whose fear was Neymar will not contest against the competition in this regard for the injury.
The news that will interest you:
Nigeria's government has sent an aircraft to search for Dapchi's children
A man had killed his children in Awada
The Pulani fear of bulls has arrested many
Charly Boy has said that it requires special youths for Nigeria
Charles Oputa, who was a 'Charly Boy' who announced his wrath on the Nigerian government.
A renowned ruler of Nigeria Charly Boy said that he was not pleased with the situation.
When the Igbo BBC interviewed him, he asked 'We have he been a bad people in charge of Nigeria?'
Charly Boy said that he is looking for special youths he will be preparing for you to take the Nigerian government.
'It was about thirty-five years ago to me that Nigeria's salvation would be for specialists,' as Charly Boy said.
Oscars 2018: Kobe Bryant was among those with a prize
American basket football club, Kobe Bryant has been among the winners and winners of the image.
Kobe Bryant, the famous
Special victory- Kobe Bryant has won
Amazingly , Kobe Bryant was famous as the United States basket has ever been hit by the U.S.A .
He won this because of a child's supplementary supplementary
See other winners in Oscars who were performed this morning
The winners:
The Shape of Water contains award of 'Best picture.'
Frances McDormand won this called 'Best actress' for Threeboards Out of Ebbing, Missouri
A winner called Gary Oldman for Darkest Hour
Guillermo Del Toro won a Nest director' for The Shape of Water
Get Out of Jordan Peele's Test of 'Best original screenplay
Oscars 2018: a
The best prize in Hollywood has failed
Take a photo of what people wear from red carpet'
Danai Gurira acted on the Black Panther and Walking Dead Dead showers on her
Academy Awards M well known as the 90th Oscars of Oscars at night when people show their strength.
See what activists are wearing this event.
Daniel Kaluuya
Daniel Kaluuya the British player of Gethsemane is among those named for Oscars prize
Lupita Nyong'o
Lupita Nyong'o got Oscars in 2012 for his 12 Years a Slave drama
Jennifer Lawrence
Jennifer Lawrence who played the Hunger Games film resembled Oscar's silver
Andara Day
Andara Day who was from the United States who was playing and writing, was lying down in red carpet and asked people to look at his clothes.
Oscars 2018:
Black Panther is very sick
Africa was shown at the start of 'Black Panther'
Black Panther: your intentions are in this movie?
Tom Holland
Tom Holland acted on Spider Man in a good clothes and called out the name of the winner of this event
Chadwick Boseman
Chadwick Boseman is the king of T'challa of Wakanda in the Black Panther movie dressed as Givenchy moved to Oscars
Ashley Judd
Ashley Judd who participated in Time's Up wearing yellow out of red carpet
Adam Rippon
Adam Rippon in the olympics , called fig sure skating , was caused by the mouthpiece of shirt , dressed in a shirt , as it was from Fifty Shades of Grey movie
Salman Hayek
Halman Aek dressed in a yellow dress
Darrell Brit-Gibson
Written by photographers , Darrell Brit-Gibson performed a three-Gibson show show by Billboards leap in red carpet
Whoopi Goldberg
Uwe Whoopi Goldberg appears in that case as a dragon painting
Patrick Stewart
Sir Patrick Stewart performed X-men's X-men on Time's Up in his clothes to give photographers
Sallywkins
Sallywkins, a British member of the group for the prize of The Shape of Water he made fun of the photographers
Saoirse Roman
Saoirse Roman showed Lady Bird's outfit in red carpet Oscars after 10 years of reproduct in 2008 when he was
Meryl Streep
Meryl Streep has been named for the Oscars prize 21 times as it starts to act
Margot Robbie
Margot Robbie made a beautiful Tonya drama in a red carpet
Tiffany Hadish
Tiffany Hadish played a prominent African game known as Eritrea and Ethiopia
All these photos contain a copyright
What other Africans have improved Nigeria in movies
When it comes to the highest point in the world called Oscars, Africans are showing Nigeria
Oscars prize
2018 he was about 90 years of age at Oscars and Hollywood
After the Oscars which was the highest point in the world of 2018, BBC Igbo checked and observed that other African nations were better off with the film.
Oscars 2018: Africa and Nigeria
BBC found that even though some of the movie producers in Nigeria were offering some Hollywood on their show, it was not where they were among the so - called senators in Hollywood.
Nollywood is the musicians in Nigeria and other African communities who are part of his name, other African nations have often shown them.
Lupita Nyong'o the son of Kenya in the United States received the prize of 'Newthrough' in 2013
In the past few years, Nigeria is seen as a 'dynasium' in Africa, but now it is as others have passed to them.
While Nollywood in themselves are the second of the world's filmmakers creating more than 1000 spectacles in one year, Hollywood produces something that doesn't matter but doesn't say that they are the world's most spectacular productivity.
But when it comes to Africa, Kenya and South Africa's country is showing Nigeria more emphasis on winning and Oscars.
From South Africa
What I need is security and economy
How the Senates Found Nigeria
See whose hand is on the senators
Nigerians Commander Buhari's Clash for calling them lazy.
Nigerian youths do not agree with Buhari's statement that they are too lazy
Muhammadu Buhari
Nigerians say that President Muhammadu Buhari takes them in the country for a while.
People are still involved in the matter of 'the Nigerian president's call for youths.
While Buhari went to London for the meetings of the leaders of Commonwealth COGM, he said that Nigerian youths are lazy.
This statement did not appeal to many Nigerians, which caused them to express their indignation on social media.
Three words that Buhari used to 'hear Nigeria'
Buhari's words are angry with youths
The president cannot criticize the Nigerians
Buhari's spokesperson Femi Adesina, said Nigerians understood what he said.
Adesina's comments did not stop people from expressing what was in their hearts.
#LazyNigerianYouths
Many of them went on to embark on their project, but saying that they are not lazy despite the poor Nigerian country.
A white man put his mouth on the matter.
Some said how they trained themselves through their efforts.
Some said that they would not help Buhari in 2019
One who used jokes showed a person who has a job while working on
Who will be a new chairman in the Commonwealth?
Commonwealth leaders congregate in order to determine whether the son of Wales will represent his mother as the head of the department.
Queen Elizabeth
The king of England wanted his son Charles to be his successor
Commonwealth's leaders met to talk about your search and the son of Wales to represent his mother as the head of a group of 53 village.
On Thursday, Ezeusde, Britain decided that his son Charles would rule as COGM on Bucking Palace.
He said that he was interested in his son Charles COGM one day.
But he is not what Ezenwa, we are sending his son or if he dies.
It is expected that the Commonwealth senators will make a decision about who will rule if they meet in Windsor Castle but there has not been any indication that it would be a thing at the meeting.
Isn't another person able to make a delicate use of dynamics?
BBC journalist James Landale said that the announcement was being made between Commonwealth capitals.
But, President Saut Africa Cyril Ramaphosa has stopped his mission at the London meeting to see why the attack was happening in his country.
The attack on South Africa while protesters continue to give them jobs, homes and injuries.
What is the role of the Commonwealth Head?
The position of Ezenwas in Britain is of great importance.
The agency is in charge of fifty-five countries to ensure that what the Commonwealth engineering has come in fulfillment.
This includes the ingathering of these countries through trade and international relationships.
An interesting story
Chimamanda said that she was attacked by someone
The president cannot criticize the Nigerians
Nigerian youths have challenged Buhari
The chairman of the group travelers to all the nations in the same area, to make the agreement firm.
He is the leaders of the group who are making a decision that will be the one they have shot
The Minister of Mobile Theresa May and Praisa Minister of Canada, Justin Trudeau has supported Charles you's son.
What is COGM?
CHOGM is Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting in English
It is a congregation of leaders of the same Commonwealth, which is held every two years.
Those who do it are the senators and the Nigerians who are fifty and their families, who speak to them and journalists.
The meeting held in London, where last year in 2015 is in Valletter in Malta.
The money in Imo will not extend to us- Rochas' mouth
Imo government said that they are not sure of the tax plan, but they will use ten million naira to support it.
Rochas Okorocha and Ogoni king, King Godwin Gininwa
Rochas Okorocha's government will end in 2019
While the news that the Imo state government has told all the mature elders to pay their three thousand dollars, Imo government is explaining that it is not as important as this money is.
A Lawgiver, the spokesman of the governor in the media told Igbo BBC that the bill will be only one time.
He also said that corporations would be used to support the activities of the cities in Imo state
While the news says that six million naira are still in the same country, Nzewuji said that no amount of money is taken, because the people in the country should pay the bill.
Nzeji from the Ego state government will not enter the Imo state capital, it is its owner of the Federal High Commission (CGC)
Nzeji continued that the Imo state government will use ten million naira to support the country where the fund was funded, as they hope that it will be deposited to the industries and other community requirements.
It is believed that anybody who wants to move will want to support him, especially since they are involved in civilization and development projects, Nzeji said.
Nzeji also went on to explain that no king of any country has decamped from the treatment for this.
Listen to the explanation here:
Other stories that will interest you:
Why Nigerians give tithes
The president cannot criticize the Nigerians
The biggest news of this night: Buhari is the father of Nigeria
What is the party that will make the loss of APC?
The 2019 elections in the public as some participants are trying to take APC out of office in 2019.
Olusegun Obasanjo
Olusegun Obasanjo issued the ruling year 1999
Many governors of APC and the ruling party are taking the position of the APC and the ruling party in Nigeria are trying to get out of the party of Buhari in 2019.
Reports say that many partys have the capacity to collaborate with the week in order to make any excuses in the election.
Participants of the party are these: 'Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), some executives from All Progressives Congress (APC), Social Democratic Pati, other minor parties of the first and third party.
and 'Coalition for Nigeria Movement (CNM) of the former president of Nigeria Olusegun Obasanjo .
A union of Obasanjo has begun
2019 election: Keyamo is President of Buhari
Buhari: I will contest in 2019
APC took power in 2015
The former president in Nigeria, the military officers of the state have joined T.Y Danjuma in supporting the court.
In the mouth of a man who raised his head in the collaboration, this would not be like fighters have learned the APC party.
We don't send INEC office a change name.
The new Pati will give everyone the opportunity to express his heart.
Those in the House of Assembly and up to 19 govano are sponsoring it.
PDP ruled Nigeria for 16 years before the APC takes them to rule
On the other hand, PDP party is tested if they will make their name.
The chairman Uche Secondus said that he and his team are still serving tomorrowc with his group
But people are saying that rather than name, PDP's party introduces different ways to correct Nigeria's land and take APC into office.
The news that will interest you:
Imo tax 3000 in Imo
Medical personnel have arrested the health workers
Nigerian youths have challenged Buhari
Mum snapped out the house of Fada 'Ebube denat'
The resurrected ones attacked the Katolik Congregation in Anambra State and injured many cars.
Youths are undergoing a
A resurrection is a custom of Igbos
The resurrections were performed, 'The Idemili Nthin State Way, Idemili Nthoida' in Anambra State, attacked the Church of Katolik's prayers and damaged more than 30 vehicles, while many were suspected of a beautiful man on Saturday.
The presiding officer of the meeting, Fada Emmanuel Obimma, known as the Ebube Spirits and other impoverished men, and the other titled women who came there and attacked the youths on the nighttime vigil of God that occurred at the start of Sabali Frade
A contractor who was scarce, Francis Okoye told BBC journalist that the group had attacked the meeting at about eight o'clock in the morning and killed more than 30 vehicles.
Aguleri in Igboukwu is not the beginning of Ndigbo
A man had killed his children in Awada
After the thing happened, we read about their three-year vehicle with their vehicle.
They injured many people
He had a knife who was best taken to the hospital.
We do not know and see if he dies.
It was evident that Uke's youth did this to support the debate because, 'New' was being drafted at 6: 00 p.m . but the dead who had been put to death a nightclub after
They started killing drivers who were driving people to church, borrowing their money and their phones.
Mum had damaged many ships to the congregation
Our guards tried to stop them from doing something against them but when we saw that things were too much, we called the police.
They came to arrest some of them.
The police in Anambra state actually said that the dead invaded the people in Uke but they said that nobody died.
The spokesperson of the police in the state, Nkicha Nwode told BBC that 'Anyi caught three monuments, we are investigating what happened there.
Reported that this is not the first time that the country's youth is tormenting those who are moving to a special Katolik meeting every night of Fraide who is recruiting over 20 pounds per week.
Those in the area where things happened said that the country's youths are killing drivers and societies dispatching them from money and enjoying certain things.
Inson's match, they beat a Fada Obimma farmer that caused the legislature to renounce the youths and left them the time when the king of the city was attacked by local elders.
The abducted that the youth is tormenting the bellighists and is frequently adjourned.
The news that will interest you:
Up to 88,000 children can die in hunger
Benue: Neighbors have killed 20 people
What is the party that will make the loss of APC?
Ezeife: Igbos will ask Buhari again
Ezeife and some spokesmans reaching out and demanding Igbo Buhari's support in 2023 was deceitful.
Chukwuemeka Ezeife and some Igbo elder
Chukwuemeka Ezeife, the Igbo-Ukwu former governor in Anambra State, who is the spokesperson of the Igbos in Nia
People in Igbo land have said that the Igbos will reject Buhari's presidential support in the 2019 election as they did in 2015
They cautioned the Igbos to know that if they prepare Buhari's president to go into another match again in 2019 and the president would challenge the Igbo man's promise to be a woman on the ground, because it was a cramped statement.
In the republic, a number of APC members, the Ministry of Transportation, Rotimi Amaechi, the federal secretary of Boss Mustafa and the director of Voice of Nigeria on Onsita Okechukwu told the Igbos to be among Buhari in 2019, let him arrive in 2023.
For the 2019 presidential election - Balarabe Musa
Igbos are being mistreated as participants in the war.
But some people in the group said that the statement was a treachery of the Igbos to win a vote of the Igbos like Buhari for his entrepreneurship in 2015, they would have to help him in the 2019 election.
In a discussion with Sun Newspaper, Anambra State governor, Dr Chukwuemeka Ezeife said: 'I see it'
We don't think we should be asking people for the president.
My mind is that we should beg God, who knows that if an Igbo takes a position as president, the Fulani will be pleased with the Furni group, as the Yoruba, and as participants in Nigeria because we are going to renounce the economy of Nigeria.
Speaking about 2023 is an issue that is unsuccessful, everyone who is saying is to become Igbos.
Similarly, former Mehanaeze Ndigbo chairman Dozie Ikedife, said that the Igbos who have promised the presidential election did not mean what the former president had done.
He told Sun news agency: 'The many of the promises have been made by the Ndigbo in the past, also deceiving our people.
If someone became you're two or three, it's for the fourth time, you think about doing something.
The rest of the land is dead.
Ikefe went on to say: 'We are the same thing that I will be following the law that Biafra and the fight against neither defeat nor insulting anyone'.
Remember in 2015, many Igbos have not given Buhari the election which made him unanimously to the support of 95 percent and those who gave him five per cent of debt, many thought that he fulfilled through those he had given him political powers.
The news that will interest you:
Katolics in Anambara
Up to 88,000 children can die in starvation
Benue: Neighbors have killed 20 people
Cynic man has attacked a restaurant in the United States
The police officers are looking for a man who attacked the food users that killed four people while four others were injured.
The restaurant where the incident occurred
Police found a gun attack on the bank
The police said that a gunman had killed four people in Nashville's restaurant in America
The man burst into the room at eight o'clock in Antioch and started shooting people
The four other people were injured before someone else was discharged from the restaurant, he ran away.
Police have given the name of the man as Travis Reinking was 20 years old from Illinois where they are looking for him.
An interesting story
Katolics in Anambara
Up to 88,000 children can die in hunger
Benue: Neighbors have killed 20 people
Soyinka: Swear tears in 2019
Wole Soyinka
Nobel Nobel Prizer Wole Soyinka has said that good governance has been abolished in Nigeria.
Wole Soyinka emphasizes Nigerians
Wole Soyinka is also a well - known secretary for the Nigerians who have warned against the defraud of the politicians in the 2019 election.
Soyinka, who said this on Sunday at the birth of the renowned lawyer, Gani Fawehinmi, in Lagos said that Nigeria and the state of thinking fanatics are in trouble now.
He advised Nigerians that his present troubles with the Nigerians through their plans, they had been prepared again as saviours of the election, and advised Nigerians to reject the old politicians to allow new ones to take the lead.
Buhari has had a conversation with the leaders of the APC
Wole Soyinka: C
He said: 'They is not suspicious of the democracy.
It is not only the government of the thinker better, the country is in trouble.
I don't think it has a time and a lifetime in the world , especially in this country to watch all the damage that happened.
We all know this.
The question is that we see it as a chance of salvation as we see it with them the opportunity to do the things that happened in our country and our soil being thwarted?
It is not a new story of the need to take action that will compensate for the unity of the land
It is a mysterious that those who were enemies of the democracy who personally brought us into the plan that has brought us to today are those who prove themselves to be saviours of the country that Nigeria is watching, the country has a population of 200 million.
Soyinka went on to advise Nigerians to open their eyes to tears.
The news that will interest you:
Katolics in Anambara
Up to 88,000 children can die in hunger
Benue: Neighbors have killed 20 people
He appealed to me that as the talk of saving the land of Nigeria, one or two means those who have authority over him
It is also said that people are suspicious because of the increasing number of people who share in Nigeria and the state of democracy today.
Why would Nigerians not be meeting in U.S.A ?
The Nigerian government has denied them for why the meeting of investors in Nigeria and the ministers of the United States.
Yemi Osibanjo in Abuja
Yemi Osibanjo is part of a meeting list
Many representatives of the Nigerian government are interested in their membership in the Nigerian and the United States organized in the town of Washington DC unrestrained in its ceremony.
The coming of the government did not cause people to be surprised that Nigeria will not get money from overseas.
Those who should go to the office of Vice President Yemi Osinbajo, Director-General of Smi Adeosun, the Minister of Company, Kwachukwu, the Minister of Audu Ogbehdi Onustayiyiname, Ogboya Onue Companystadidididididi Anambra Onue Compreause of Meas, Onue Compan,
Smoking and alcohol have invested
Switzerland has agreed to return money to Abacha
One of the victims was Emir of Kano Sanusi Lamido, who worked as a manufacturer in Nigeria
Sanusi
Satis said that the person who is preparing to invest in Afka, has Nigeria, he has Rwanda, Kenya and Safe Afka.
He went on to say, 'The middle is more likely than all the other people in waiting, but he can say $ 500 in Nigeria, to put $ 100 and Ghana, $ 100 in Rwanda, $ 100 and Code Vuwa, to get a profusion.'
We went to meet with those who have the money to give in the country, we should stay up at nine o'clock, and we started at ten o'clock.
When I got there, they invited me to the house of the defendant of Nigeria.
Those who came to the meeting were there, the deputy president was not, the Ministers are not, Sanusi said.
Sanusi said that the incident was wrong, because it shows that Nigeria has never been advocated for what is being said.
He said, 'Unus calls people to hear how to be used in Nigeria, but you are not there.
This has not been how much money will be done in Nigeria.
If Rwanda is the group that has organized the meeting, their president will stay there and tell the people who come to Rwanda.
People agree on the matter on social media.
A person who has @SegunAndrews believes Sanusi's statement.
But, the government has said that they are not how much they are.
The Mohammed is the Minister of Evangelism who posted a message stating that it is not true that those who want to attend it are not going to be meeting.
Mohammed explains that the women whose name is in the ceremony did not get a copy of it, or sit in Dohin DC when the meeting was held.
He said that the plant mining, which was managed by electricity and creative works and creation, did not get a book despite their reputation in the books that would talk about it.
Minister of the while he himself accompanied the president to the meeting of the Commonwealth countries in London.
Minister of funding for money in Canhin DC, but it is for the banks of the earth and IMF.
He went on to say that the ministry and customary lifeblood bearer, but he answered those who knew the ceiling that he would not go anywhere for the rest of his team.
Lai Mohammed said that 'These things showed that it should not be said that the Ministers should not take the initiative to meet him.
Do not let Igbo die
Ikeogu Oke won $ 1000,000 as the best engineer in Najira in 2017
A winner of the prize as a cylinder in Nigeria in 2017, Ikeogu Oke has said that Igbo language will not die if the Igbos call it important.
Ikeogu won 100 thousands of dollars as the best official in Nigeria called 'Niger Prize of Literature' for his 'Thesiad'.
What made the book different is that it written on the Igbo mechanism.
In a conversation with the Igbo BBC, Mr Oke spoke about the security of Igbo language, that he thought he should be in his hand.
The federal government has said what will be done with Abacha's money
Kemi Adeosun the minister of money has said what the federal government will do with Abacha' in Nigeria
Kemi Adeosun and Christine Lagarde is chairman in IMF
The Nigerian Government has funded the use of more than $ $ 300 million in the amount of money stolen by the Swiss government.
The Minister of Money Kemi Adeosun has said that the money will be purchased as President Buhari promised when he is contesting for the government.
He said this while teaching journalists that the world's financial infrastructure sector, IMF is the name of the completion of the country in Washington and America.
Adeosun said that the money has been invested in a special bucket called CBN in the name of facilitating the schemes that will help the poor
Smoking and alcohol have invested
The senators have called the manufacturer
In his public ministry, he said that the Federal Government hopes that they have made their plans in mind, in what will happen to Nigeria.
In his neck 'We have put these plans in factory, Nigeria's economy will be higher.
What does Nigeria mean about COGM?
Igbo boy has defeated Big Brother Naija
Are Nigerians not to meet in the United States?
Three things about having a lot of money making things happen
IMF told Nigeria to summarize his exchange rate while the senators were saying the accidents and multiplies.
Naira
EFCC said that Umar needed a million naira
To make Nigeria's economic changes steady, IMF has advised Nigeria to collaborate its money.
Nigeria has a minimum change of commerce; one for the consumers of oil in Nigeria, one for the acidists who are moving to Saudi Arabia, one for the Kraists who are going to the land, and others for those who are studying and distributing by the government.
According to BBC journalists Pat Utomi and Uche Uwaleke who described a BBC journalist, having multiple accidents.
Here are some of the risks of making many
It is harmful
Pat Utomi explained that he was doing 'popult man has an opportunity to get money out of his mouth and use it as a waiter, but the person who has the money to buy what he can do in the country without knowing anyone could do it.
It's not good for commerce'.
where Abacha's money will go
Financial Acquisition: Has it come down to Nur.
In his speech, Uche Uwaleke gave some information, 'The government's economy was N305, sold in the mouth, it may leave what was said to go, sold it to another N365, obtained interest, but if there is a Revolutionary Party, you can't sell it.
It drains diligence and productivity in the country.
Uwaleke said that having a lot of money is making many of them clothes.
What they will do is selling prices, we will have production.
It is demeaning to increase the
Utomi said that if people are getting money to send their son a village to read a book, he will make anyone want to send his son to a village, the schools that are in the country where we are going to leave.
Saraki and Ekweremadu: what people are saying about their prevention
Ekweremadu 'Sook his wealth'
Nigeria's peace has been placed in Ekweremadu's hands again
The senators are even good 109, if 108 are in Emmadu now, it means that they are all in his place.
Remember that the senatorial senatorium has decided today to leave the security guards from the house of deputy senate Ike Ekweremadu immediately, where they attack today
Ekweremadu was prevented from appearing in his house in the morning, leaving him missing the meeting of senates today, while 14 senators left APC over PDP.
Uche Anichukwu, the spokesman of Ekweremadu, told the Igbo BBC that the EFCC had prevented him from leaving his house in Abuja, that it was not the DSS as we originally wrote.
@MrBanksOmishore was a special helper of Bukola Saraki, listed the letters that EFC sent to Ekweremadu this morning, in Twitter.
In the letter, EFCC said that they wanted to investigate Ekweremadu's plot, his right to be given to him and the budget of the money called 'money laundering'.
As Saraki entered the house of senate and began to plenary', he made the statement that the Ekweremdu did not succeed, and said that allocated efforts were made to ensure that the administration did not damage.
The commander Sam Anyanwu said that he was with Ekweremadu yesterday, but there was no document that the police were looking for him.
After 'Maryary', the senators decided that security officers should leave the house of deputy senate Ike Ekweremadu immediately, so that he can gain his right.
This morning, Saraki was among those who prevented him from going out of his good house.
On the other hand, the President of Nigeria, Muhammadu Buhari thanked those who have left the APC for their good.
He said this from the Twita mark @MBuhari:
The EFCC had prevented Ekweremadu's spokesman in Abuja
A video shows where the EFCC is waiting before Ekweremadu's house:
Katolik's deathbed
The court of citizens kidnapped and executed Father John Adeyi with death sentences.
The court has ordered the killing of criminals
The Supreme court of Makurdi, Benue State, has decided to have two people executed, Hartuna Idi and Suleiman Gina, who are kidnapped and killed by father John Adeyi and died for what they did.
Remember that four senators including Saidu Abdullahi and Aliyu Garba kidnapped Father Adeyi, Vika-Jenaraalan church councillor of Dayosis, Benue State, killed him and lost his corpse on a farm near 2016.
What I passed on from kidnappers
Mikel's father has been rescued from kidnappers
But after the police arrested them for four, they declared that they had received the loan of the minister of a million naira and intentions/N1.7m) as his head money but they shot him when they heard that the villages were ready to come and rescue him where he was arrested.
One of them declared that he was the victim of a gun, while two of them were sentenced to death on Wednesday.
In the message that the minister sent to Daily Post, they showed satisfaction in the end, justice has reached them.
But they lamented that the decision reminded them of the execution of Adeyi, who was a professor.
The senators have come to Ekweremadu
Saraki and Ekweremadu: what people are saying about their prevention
APC pays for their oppressive salaries - Ochamara
Did he have a spirit that resides in a child born with a dad?
What Igbo culture said about desolation in the olden days and also the motive behind it is now.
In the olden days, Igbo believes that those who are headed can do the occult
A babe in every house brings great joy in the heart of the former.
But there are some places in Igbo where a baby who is born to bite can be terrified.
The community is like Izo (Ibusa) in Delta state , where children are seen to fall down as special.
Who is the head?
Some reports explain that a baby who is born to be born should fall down because his mother pleads for a spirit in the land to give him a child.
Would you overreact this kind of arrest in the olden days
Do you know the gods that the Igbos are crossing in the past?
They have the belief that the dad is a prelude to the spirit of the child which they will
They call these children 'Ezenwa'.
They have the belief that their dad is their crown.
As they do have the belief, a child who dared to be a child will succeed in the world because his god is stable on his side, they are very strong, and they will carry a hero during the war.
But the problem of people who are headed down.
It hurts you to take good care of your head
Holy joined in the
Many of the adventurers, believe that a child who is a bird will be seriously ill or die if he has successfully entered his shop.
It is the demeaning of the hair of the draft.
Everybody who does this should give the child money quickly or create a loan for his head.
The goal would end the child with a serious illness.
It is the mother's goal that can touch this child's shopping down.
Religious dynamicity
The news said that the native doctor is responsible for the delinquency of a child's head
Celebrities in videos and many people use to drive
The young child will grow, become a talker.
The family will ask him what he wants to have to do to break him down.
Everything he wants in the meeting will be given him.
Uka Kraist
The Igbo land is where the faith of the members of the Kraist group is well expressed.
This has caused many Igbo culture to change.
Now many Igbos are not convinced that the wicked spirit creature who resides in the vicinity of every child falls out of the world.
But they still took such a child to church as the priests prayed him.
Doctor Anthony Mgbolu told Igbo BBC that the collapse of the house is a barrier and ethnicity.
What Igbo kolanut describes in delinquency
A professor of African and linguistic studies at the University of Lagos Chiago Nnabuihe explained to BBC Igbo in ancient times that there is no belief in the kidnappers.
Nnabuihe stressed that if an Igbo in old age has a conviction on the right that they should give him a name.
In his words: 'Dada is the name of yoruba gave him.
The Igbos who fall down are because they have had a relationship with the Yoruba.
But is it really bad?
Nnamdi Daniels was an actress.
Many people we interviewed said that there is no harm in the head but in the right while many still look down on those who have fallen down like bad guys.
The father of Daniels is a definitive man who told the Igbo BBC that he had bent on insulting him for his demeanor.
In his words: 'Theretera' was one time I traveled to Niger State University.
The security guard began to question me for my dad down. This caused me a lot of embarrassment.
Government has eliminated Codiene's drug after two million
The Ministry of Health has arrested the match between more than two million codiens and others
Codiene
children and codices
The federal government has said that they have eliminated more than two million codiene in the market in Nigeria.
The Ministry of Health, Professor Isaac Adewole said this when his workshop failed and Codiene's problems came to hire him their investigation.
He also said that this is because you showed that the government stressed that their aim was to fight codiene in Nigeria.
chi Codeine: Drugs have collapsed
Nafdac has defeated Emzor and others
Adewole said that his firm in the National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control in English were collaborated by the National Agency.
Remember in May of this year, BBC released what video showed how the codiene surveillance operations in Najiiah.
It is the time of the video which the government said they would be interested in the use of comications.
The government says that they are still looking into the other bottles of pieces of mine.
An interesting story
2019 Election: Here are some Igbos who want to contest for the president
Why do the Igbos usually go to these churches?
Why Igbos expel evil forests
Wonderful forest is the place where the Igbo crosss the ground but is oppression when they leave behind the bush?
Depressed
Igbo people pass on different spirits
Why did Igbo call evil forests?
Do you know that evil forests are still in Igbo land ?
What is the evil forest?
A professor of African and linguistics at the University of Lagos, Chiago Nnabuihe explained to Igbo BBC that combine this place without wicked forests as many people now call it.
As Igbo believes, the spirit bush is where they cross the country's deities.
And where they decamp from the land they are cursed.
In Igbo land, God is the most important thing, but the spirit is the land.
Nnabuihe explained that the Igbo land adopted the belief that the land was a spirit that produced the earth's eggs.
Did he have a spirit that resides in a child born with a dad?
Would you overreact this kind of arrest in the olden days
The ugly land (behaviourour is displaced)
Igbo believes that the land is seeing everything, this means that there is nothing wrong for you to hide in his eyes.
Until now
The land will embrace this person freely.
See the sickness of the land that pleads for him
leprosy (Leprosy)
Suggestions
Neropsy (Dropsy)
Living (hernia)
Nnabuihe explained at that time, no doctor will try to treat the diseases we are named.
Anyone who takes a certain disease should freely confess his crime before he dies.
If he does not salute his badness, they will remove him from the spirit bush.
Do you know the gods that the Igbos are crossing in the past?
Things you don't want to do next to an Igbo man
Other things such as adultery or other marriage mates, or study of the remedy and therapy can make the land accustomed to that
Release is not bad
As the Father explained, the exemption of the person was due to defending his children and his family.
Crist is the greatest faith in Igbo society
Igbo in the olden days believed that anyone has accepted a man's indignation at his family.
Where is a spirit forest in Igbo now
Nation in Imo state
Thorn in Okija
Crown
Alan
Ahijah Arrest
Igbo culture is dying
Nnabuihe said that the worst thing is happening now in Igbo land.
He said: 'The Igbo land has been exposed to the debate that Kraist came into Igbo land, people have denounced this spirit forest, and no one is deposing the forest'.
An interesting story
The woman was caught in Twitter for what she said
Representatives of the soshalhal media
Ahmed Musa: Al Nasrr has accepted it today
It has been a long time that Musa can transfer to Al Nasr but now, has spoken it all.
Ahmed Musa
One person whom people think he will join a football club, Ahmed Musa.
But now, Musa, who was apprehensive at the end of the world cup, has moved from Leicester City to Al Nasr of Saudi Arabia.
It has not been known how much they have bought it from Leicester City but it is grown up to 17 million pounds and a half.
Do you know that Super Eagles are employed by women?
The Super Eagles are like a bride
World Cup 2018: Why Nigerians thank Ahmed Musa
Leicester City first purchased it from the CSKA Moscow in 2016 but he returned there during the match last 2017.
After Iko the world, the people think that it will go to Gasaray because the supporters of the group called it very much.
The picture on the surface shows how a new 'not' and receives it in their group.
Meanwhile, Ahmed Musa has not said anything over this popular issue.
Babatunde Fashola said that Nigeria and latrik are now playing for fire
Hebed that what Babatunde Fashola said about electricity is true, it would be a great thing to the investors in Nigeria.
Birds
Nigerians who burn fire on fire have not been accustomed
Minister of fire, projects at Babatunde Fashola said that the electricity in Nigeria has risen to megawat 7,000.
Fashola said this in Kalaba, the capital of Kros Riva state yesterday.
The electricity would not shine for 2023 - latrine workers
PHCN should give you three months before the fire is over - A Lawmaker
Fashola is in Kalaba where the leaders of his departments are holding meetings.
He said that despite the remaining job, his departments have increased the electricity in Nigeria than ever since they started it in 2015.
Fashola has joined together in Buhari's government.
Last year, the electricity of electricity was a serious problem in Nigeria.
Then, the firekeepers say that they have no one to give Nigerian children.
Then, we are bringing 2,690 to Nigerians, but the report has changed.
What we can now, is the megawat 5,2222, which is the most significant figure of Nigeria.
Now, the result is megawat 7000, and is about 7000.
And problems are still, but we will say that we are moving ahead.
The news that will interest you:
'They is your child's chances
The Igbos are contesting for the king in Kano
Repay workers in Port Harcourt have been shot
How to make your children rejoice during holiday seasons
But with money and without money, see what some things you and your children can do during this long vacation.
Students and Oprah Winfrey
The time has come again when students have special vacations because it is too long.
Some parents have supported how they should take their children to a school called 'Summer Lesson' but not all children will be interested.
If you are not among those who will take their children to Sumer Lesson', see what you have to do to them.
Women want governments to pay their bills
4 out of 12 children have been trapped in Thailand cave
Buhari: Bu
Cow them how to swim
Immination is the way your children can combine and learn to defend themselves while they fall into the water.
He will also make them feel tired as they can sleep and grow up.
Firmly take them today.
Cook them with artificial arts and other noise
Then pick them how to dance
Igbokwe!
Is there more fear than the fear of the timene?
No!
will we teach our children?
Yeseeee
Classical
Do you know the first time the sheepsown in Igbo land?
Do you know the name of the first man who renounced himself
You may know this and then adopt your children.
One way you can do this is by taking them to a showy display in Igbo land.
Television
took them to where they could learn a trade.
This would lead them to learn a job that could provide them with food in the future but that they did not get a job at the end of Mahadam.
A Generation
In the end, if you are a well - enjoyed customer, this long vacationtime is when you can put them in a net or a generation in your community.
This will give them real wisdom, a conscience on Igbo culture and its difficult environment.
The news that will interest you:
'They is your child's chances
Why Igbo put people out of the evil forest
Woman himself, while another kidnapper slapped Tramadol
The professors have said that it was a crime crime that caused much of what hajoo including the new pollution in Nigeria.
Edgal Imohimi
The Commissioner of police in Lagos State Edgal Imohimi said that they have reduced the power of the Igbos in Ikorodu
The police arrested and kidnapped the woman for her husband's permission of $ 15 million and Ogun state.
Also, a kidnapper was arrested while he went to kidnapping and fell asleep after taking Tramadol drugs.
But psychologists are psychologists saying that kind of crime and evil are the reason why.
Mikel's father has been rescued from kidnappers
Femi Joseph and his team attacked his owner's business, but Joseph fell asleep after receiving a tramadol from the store.
According to the box, the time they came to the hospital owner shouted and ran from door to door
As the police spokesman in Ondo State said, but as they did not get what they wanted, one of them began to grise just because of the tramadol he had taken.
He slept 24 hours after he died.
Tramadel was also found in her bag.
On the other hand , a woman named Hadijat Kabir and two others include
The Commissioner of police in the state, Imohimi Edgal, said the complaint of her husband was the cause of the investigation that he was the wife of his coupers and the conspirators.
Okammuta in the matter of humanity and Teachers at Ebonyi State University, Nnachi Amos said that it is not the cause of corruption but much bad now.
Some are bad needs by suffering serious misbehavior.
His counterpart in Federal Neuro-Pychiatric Hospital in Yaba, Lagos, Chikonkwo agrees with what Amos said.
Their skull was complete.
If you look, sexual activity is not an easy task.
Crime and injury
The news that will interest you:
Ozubulu Church Massacre: One year has passed
Can a man and a woman be just friends?
Things you don't want to do next to an Igbo man
A kidnapper has died nine days later
The police in Ondo State have said that the kidnapper did not slander the one he had eaten because of his illness.
A person who is asleep
BBC interviewed that he was a kidnapper who was supposed to receive medical treatment
The spokesperson of the Ondo Police, Femi Joseph has told journalists that a kidnapper has arrested the Nigerian desk.
Remember that he is sleeping after the police have arrested him in August 5 of the drug treatment.
Joseph said that the kidnapper in the hospital in the state where the North Americans are trying to cure him.
A kidnapper deserves treatment - Dibia
Evans's lawyer had interrupted his case
What is it about the kidnappers that they are fighting?
In his mouth, 'The investigator died nine days after we arrested him.
We thought we would prepare him so that he would help us in the investigation we were doing, but he died yesterday.
This could be the result of his hard work.
We used this opportunity to advise parents to know what kind of friend they are having.
Akuko said that the kidnapper went to defraud the drug but he was abjected.
He and his team later accepted a person who was Daudu Wale his caveumtum, while he went to the hospital where one of them was hurt.
The news that will interest you:
What would you say to Nnamdi Kanu if you met him on the road?
A baby was lost in Onitcha today
Buhari and Osinbajo will contest in 2019?
Five projects you can start with N10,000
His speech stirred many hatreds toward the spokespersons in Nigeria and the federal government.
Another story is the story of a Igbo woman named Mama Boko Haram.
Aisha Wakil told Igbo BBC how he trained children from Boko Haram today
Remarkable news that Nigeria gave birth to threeteen-year-old twins after 19 years, gave the Igbos and all Nigerians very happy.
Abaribe's words about the popular musicians in 2018
The international cupbearer gave the attention of the Igbos.
World Cup: Good
Next came the news of the Ipob's wife's 140 women in Orient.
The women see in today's house.
Our women did not compromise - Ipob's lawyer
The women of IPOB have been dispelded in Orient
The floodwaters hit Igbo land in 2018
Their story stirred the plot for IVF.
Five women from Regina Pacis school in Onitcha also insulted the Igbos when they reached the goal of Technovation 2018 by being a world maizer.
The news that will interest you:
Three threats to rise on January 1 - the Nigerian army
Green Revolution: The things Shagari made to Nigerians
How to escape attacks and celebrations
Second Niger Bridge as a commitment to a woman
Igbo Tradition: Why a woman is married in Igbo land
Some Igbo land, the news explained it.
Man and woman are partners
Igbo does not welcome a man and a woman to live out of wedlock
The story of some youths or young people who love each other is usually found, but they don't have to live together as husband and wife, but they don't have the custom of marriage as they should.
There are also occasions when accidents are seen in this situation, especially the woman's being in the house of the man dies without any customary ceremony.
A woman in Igbo land
Five things that interest women
Is it the custom to end in Igbo land?
Meanwhile, this usually involves families and homes without rehabilitation.
Because of this sad situation, some Igbo towns, made it law that a man will give birth to a woman living with him, which he never did when he was alive.
The purpose of marriage:
In Igbo land, it does not agree that a man has married, if he has not done anything in his own way.
If he did that of the court, he was expected to come and do things like the owners.
According to customist specialist Nze Olueze Ndio Reverend (The Second Region) at Ahira, Isu in Nwangele of Imo state told the Igbo BBC, the law is very high in their country, and is accompanied by various punishments.
A person without life, he married him in death, is the system of many cultures.
But in the town of Akokwa and Imo state, the plan is not to sell any tongue, while the mother of a native mother carries their child's body and goes to their home.
Circumstances:
The person would come to tell my children that their child has fever (and not first tell them that he has died).
They will take him to visit their child, when they see his corpse, they will accuse the man of killing his son, which will result in his bellying his legs.
To show that he was not responsible for her concluding the woman's corpse
She will marry him
He will return to tell the dead of his wife
The man will then go on to celebrate his move.
What will happen to a person who refuses to marry:
According to Uzziha, these are things that will happen to a person who refuses to be married to a woman who has not done his own thing:
That one will receive punishment in various ways
And evil things things happen to the person
The same person is not successful
It can also result in a shameful death
But the person could repent, drank if all the things over him were overshadowed.
What the person will do if he repents
If the man lost his ears and then repents of his legs, these things he will do:
The person will send the elders of the country to calm down
He was to be punished by ensuring that he carried out what he should do on two helmets.
2019 elections: Njirimara senatorial contestants  Muhammadu Buhari
The Nigerian president Muhammadu Buhari is contesting as the president of the campaign against his will in the will of a democracy under the leadership of the party.
President Muhammadu buhari
President Muhammadu Buhari is currently disguising to be the third president of Nigeria.
He first entered the government in December 1983 (1984) as the Nigerian military and couperced, but some of his intentions challenged Buhari in 1985.
BBC is still moving ahead
Buhari later became the president through a man's will in 2015, as the goal of winning him three free seats.
As he is ruling as a military person, Buhari has no name on the basis of the title of the triune
Despite quest for sensibleness, many are in prison for Buhari's refusing to disqualify them as the state court has made.
The 76 - year - old man took oaths in 2015, and promised to fight against crime and corruption and forgiveness, as well as promote Nigeria's economy.
Four years are coming to the end but many people don't believe that what he has done means what he sees.
He promised that he would defeat the Boko Haram fighting Nigeria against the targets of migration against the country of worship in eastern Nigeria, but these recently, those who are trampled on Buhari's intention to sit down on the mainland.
The spokespersons agree that Buhari will meet up with the fight against the unnatural group of people whose name is more likely to sound than the PDP flag and Atiku Abubakar is also the worshiper of Nigeria like Buhari.
Buhari is the one who has the All Progressives Congress (APC) has a reputation for being an honest person within Nigeria, even though many people see his vote while all too much is lost.
The news that will interest you:
Nearly 'Ake Eke II' la Nnamdi Kanu - Buratai
I am not confident about crime in the 2019 election - Atiku
Nigeria Election 2019: The
Do you know the six people are the best of those contesting for the 2019 election?
BBC will bring them out.
The contestants of the president
See six persons contesting for the most prominent and deputy president:
While the election in Nigeria's Idependent National Electoral Commission (INEC) published a statement that over 70 presidential candidates in 2019, BBC Igbo want to show you whose names are most high.
The election's election on the Sun has burnt
I will not be like Tinubu to tell people whom they will join
Peter Obi will not give you money but he will support every right work'
Of these six persons and their vices, there are three of them; one is contesting while others are deputy.
1) Muhammadu Buhari and Yemi Osinbajo
Buhari and Osinbajo have ruled Nigeria since 2015 under the All Progressives Congress (APC)
Who is Muhammadu Buhari?
He was born on December 17 , 1942
He has ruled Nigeria twice; as a soldier and a civilian
He contested for the president three times (2003, 2007 and 2011) before his arrival in 2015
In a similar way, he is the president, and the Minister of oil produced in the land
Who is Yemi Osinbajo?
He was born on March 8 , 1957
He was a priest in Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG)
He rescued Buhari's vice president in 2015
He was also a lawmaker with his words
Atiku Abubakar and Peter Obi
Atiku and Obi are crossing the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the 2019 election
Who is Atiku Abubakar?
She was born on November 25 , 1946
He was the vice president from 1999 to 2007
He has contested the president as the owner of his party twice; in 2007 under AC and 2018
He was a businessman with many different businesses
Who is Peter Obi?
She was born in July 19 , 1961
He won the governor of Anambara state under APGA in 2003 but he remained unsuccessful until March 2006 when he won the court, but he was later released in November.
He eventually returned to his seat on February 2007, and away from May Andy Uba won him, but the court demanded that he be released for four years.
He overturned as the governor of Anambara in 2014 twice
He was an expert on economic matters
3) Oby Ezekwesili and AbdulGaniyu Galadima
Galadima is the chairman of the party Allied Congress Party of Nigeria (ACPN) to
Who is Oby Ezekwesili?
She was born on April 28 , 1963
It is the Minister of Transportation from 2005 to 2006 and from 2006 to 2007
She joined the ring Back Our Girls (BOG) in charge of kidnapped Chibok children since 2014
She won, she will be the first woman to become president in Nigeria
Who is Ganiyu Galadima?
He was born on June 11 , 1964
He studied at the University of Kwara state where he later became a member of the school group.
He had previously contested for president under ACPN in 2015
He was a businessman
4) Kingsley Moghalu and the Umma Gethsemane
Moghalu and Gethsemane are next to the party of Young Progressive Party (YPP)
Who is Kingsley Moghalu?
she was born on May of 1963
This was the first time he was contesting for the politics of Nigeria
He graduated from school and received a certificate as a university lawyer
He is also an expert on economic security.
He built as a churn in Central Bank of Nigeria's Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN)
Who is Umma Getso?
She was born in 1981
YPPP
He was a businessman, as well as an administrator of the rights of women.
5) Omoyele Sowore and Rabiu Ahmed Rufai
Sowore and Rufai are contesting under the African Action Congress (AC)
Who is Omoyele Sowore?
She was born on February 16 , 1971
He is a person who is accustomed to his rights.
She started her while at a university
Small news agency'saha Reporters
A AAC patise in August of 2018
Who is Rabiu Ahmed Rufai?
He was born in July 1976
He was a doctor of English or a health professional
He formerly adopted a lecture at Bayero University in Kano
Fela Durotoye and Khadijah Abdullahi-Iya
Durotoye and Abdullahi-Iya are contesting under the party Alliance for New Nigeria (ANN)
Who was Fela Durotoye?
He was born on May 12 , 1971
He went to Obafemi Awolowo University in Ile-Ife
He was a businessman and a vocabulary player of people's
He is contesting for the president under the party Alliance for New Nigeria (ANN)
Who was Khadijah Abdullahi-Iya?
He was the founder of the women's management,'Women Community of Africa (WCA) and theRags to Riches (R2R)
He was also a lawyer
How would you compare?
Imo Election Results: seven major points of Uche Nwosu
Only Uche Nwosu came to the BBC's debate on the governorship election in Imo state.
Igbo BBC was surprised when the debate was made by the governors in Imo state but it was a surprise to Imo and a member of the four that promised the Igbo BBC that they would come to the debate.
The Imo state APC spokesperson has followed Uche Nwosu
Imo APC Primaries: Uche Nwosu has been declared as the next governor of Imo
These anointed Imojourists Emeka Ihedioha PDP, Hope Uzodimma of APC and Ifeanyi Ararume of APGA.
Igbo BBC chairman Adline Okere said that he is the only one who told Ararume that he could not come because he is developing his voyage.
That's what started about half after two o'clock in the morning.
In the match he came with, Uche Nwosu promised that he would pay thirty dollars if the federal government hired him.
Nwosu went on to say that his party has no one contesting for President's support of Muhammau Buhari President.
The next thing he said was; 'Oh has nothing to do with 'manifesto'
Seven key words of Uche Nwosu said:
Uche Nwosu joined the APC to AA to contest for the governorship election in Imo state
Nwosu expressed what he would do for the state of Imo if he took the position of office in March 2019.
Buhari for President: 'It AA can break the Uche Nwosu'
It is not true that Action Alliance did not pay Nwosu back - Obidiche
Look, see what it did on the second and minute:
I would bring about education by arguing at a church assembly
I will be made free of health for children, the romance and the elders
I will bring youths into the field work
I knew which allows on political issues
I will be made to revive the lives of the Imosites
I had to pay $ 30,000 (U.S .).
I will look into the field of rest
An interesting story
Uzodimma, Ihedioha and Ararume did not come to Igbo BBC discussion
Atiku entered the United States with a question to carry us-Lai Mohammed
What Nigerians are saying about Atiku's journey in Amerika
Atiku: Abuja burn
The news of Atiku Abubakar's return, fire fires fired the Guinness Institute, President Buhari's president and the economy of the politicians, Onnoghen news, Mexican accidents and other party members.
It is important:
PDP members and those who are interested in what Atiku Abubakar is doing in turning to Nnamdi Azikiwe in Abuja to welcome Abubakar, who has traveled to the United States.
Atiku and the president of the Nigerian House, Bukola Saraki made a two-year trip in the country while Atiku explained, the government officials and executives have a congregation.
Atiku will join in the competition of the presidential candidates on Saturday night in Abuja.
The Guinness Fire Fire
The oil industry of Guinness was fired at the Industrial Layout, Aba, Abia state of Fraide.
The fire that ran for six hours was fire services, as well as the other institutions nearby, the police and the villagers helped to turn it off.
Guiness's spokesman Nike Onakoya told the Igbo BBC that the fire did not harm the man which he was doing much.
He also said that their production of wine was still effective in their lake in Benin and Ogba,Lagos Breweries.
There is no harm or serious damage caused by what happened as the cave of Aba was due to wreakings and only a handful of workers.
We always made my factory so much that our lake in Benini and Ogba (Legus).
It was false news that Onnoghen was to be arrested
Femi Adesina was a renowned journalist before the president's office
The House of Representatives has alleged that the government wants to arrest the Nigerian lawyer, Justice Onnoghen, false news.
The spokesperson of President Muhammadu Buhari Femi Adesina stated on the Facebook and the false report that they made against the political party (Coalition of the United Political Parties (CUP)
Donald Trump: Progress
US government shut down last week because the senators did not support their secrecy
The American president Donald Trump has said that progress has taken a bold step toward the removal of the Nine Korean government.
He spoke differently from the things that the celebrants say that he has not gone so far as to reach the destination.
Liverpool and Crystal Palace lost him
In sports
Liverpool defeated Crystal Palace with 3 goals to 2 in Esompier league on Saturday.
Government will beat up innocent victims of crime
President Muhammadu Buhari has said that his government will collect collect collect collectively the politicians who are involved in crime and corruption.
Buhari said this in Kaduna where he went to business yesterday.
He said that it was because he did not want to do what he said was doing in 1985, bringing the victims back to their lot.
The Nigerian Federal High Court has embarked on Onnoghen's exped
A report reaching us explains that the Federal Government had gone to the court of the Code of Conduct to appeal to Governor Walter Onnoghen in his office of the Supreme Justice of Nigeria and the director of the Federal Council of the National Judicial Council.
The person who enrolled him in CCT was the Nigerian Professor Abubakar Malami
Overseas
Up to 20 persons have died in Mexico while fires have been fueled.
Another molester was injured by the accident in Hidalgo State in central Mexico
In sports
Lobi Stars and Heartland FC met
Lobi Stars of Nigeria will meet Asec Mimosas of Eveory Coast today in the capital of the country Abidjan and the second in CAF Champions League.
Lobi played a winner's goal for the winner of Mamolodi Sundowns in Enugu.
Listen to the following sessions:
Watch today's video:
Obasanjo: 'We want president
Nigeria's former god Olusegun Obasanjo has said much about what he has said in Nigeria now and what he wants the Nigerians to do about him.
Obasanjo
Olusegun Obasanjo has said that he has not thought that Inec will act on an upright election in the next month.
If they want to win the election, the authorities will not give them time.
A union of Obasanjo has begun
The government has been joined in 2019 - Obasanjo
Obasanjo said this while bringing the news to the journalists 'Points for concern and fern into the house of his schooling in Abeokuta.
He said that what Nigeria wants now is the president of a sound mind and can make the country ablaze.
Obasanjo said that the Nigerians praise their little thing Buhari did to them while he was in power.
In his words, 'Buhari has gone out to us for the first time, we will be fad or if we allow him to seduce us again.
It took Buhari's rule to join a military colony named Sanni Abacha while he was alive as president.
The news that will interest you:
My son has been dead because of money that doesn't bother him
Do you know Igbo proverb?
28: Do you know the names of 91 party in Nigeria?
#BCNigeria2019
Atiku entered the United States with a question to carry us-Lai Mohammed
Olusegun Obasanjo: What Atiku has improved Buhari
Obasanjo told BBC that he had watched Buhari's action and that Atiku was better than two minutes.
In his discussion with the Yoruba BBC, former president of Nigeria Olusegun Obasanjo said about the former vice and the 2019 governorship candidate, Atiku Abubakar.
He said that he now said that he will be given the name of Atiku as Buhari because of what Buhari has done.
The chosen ones among them are the APC and PDP.
From what I have reproached Buhari-known and lucrative, irresponsibility, weakness of mind and all other things compared to Atiku.
Atiku will be better than Buhari.
He also referred to Boko Haram as well as Independence National Electoral Commission (INEC).
Obasanjo explained that he believed that President Muhammadu Buhari's superiority, Atiku was joined, why he urged the youths to be on the run of the president of Nigeria.
He also stated what happened before the military attacked the city of Odi in 1999, when up to 2500 villages died from the military.
The discussion that will appear in the liver is the 22th of January 2019.
Also, there is the fact that people do not take drugs because they don't have enough money to go to the hospital.
As Oriuiakhi said, 'We are the kind of monsters that have been attacked against the thorns that have caused some malaria to die.'
Four things you don't know about malaria
He said that some people are moving to Kemist, denied the drugs that were not authorized by those who dragged on it.
This will happen that when they search for him, he will not work on them.
He also said that this was near the job of healthcare.
What will it do to prevent preventive drugs to work as it should?
People should be given good training for the use of vaccination
Just when a coupon has written a person these vaccinations is a time to be heard.
Nutrition: Obesity is not your child's body
The vaccinists are not willing to sell it to people but the person does not have it written.
'Culture and Sensitivity is also agreed before vaccination.
The person does not go to the hospital to investigate for appropriate medicine.
The healthcare should explain to people the need to know how to take these vaccinations.
An interesting story
Don't save money for the Imo state government
Nigeria's capital is closed to its meaning
What will happen and end with a wagon of drained wagons?
Nigeria Vs Ukraine: Flying Eagles have eventually improved
Nigerians washed Tijani Mohammed as Naijira broke down on their road in Ukraine on Thursday night.
Ademola Olajire
Flying Eagle's Music Games Flying Eagle's Arm
Nigeria and Ukraine gave themselves a statue of the U20 World Cup, Nigeria and Ukrainian country following the night of Thursday.
But the Nigerians are not happy as the players of Flying Eagle played a 'band' in the competition as they did after the cattle run in the year.
Naijjiria's children grew indignant at Tijani Mohammed of Flying Eagle as Nigeria is fighting onpasompi
Tijani scored a penariti, a goal goal goal goal goal goal for Ukraine shortly before half the assumptions.
That happened as Danylo Sikan of Ukraine scored their goal.
But Tijani made a point for himself to use another pencil for the goal of 47th of the trumpet
Many Nigerians were outraged on Tijani.
Note what some say:
@10Qmedia said that Tijani Muhammed was the best footballer and Nigerian player.
@vic_MLS kept in Tijani lost the chance of the pencil.
@rappatek said that the matchmaker Flying Eagles appointed Tijani on time.
@SSnetwork said that they don't have one heart playing.
Jane Ada: I used N
Jane Ada, a Igbo man in the United States, explained his own report on the origin of certain deities in Igbo land.
Jane Ada, who is known for painting and bones, said that it was by removing some source of the gods known to the Igbos.
Jane read Sekon's book in Enugu before going to the United States that she had never known when it started but that God gave her this special gift.
The idols that he has made include Amadioha in the land, two popular things in Igbo land
Listen to how he did that and his objective concerning Igbo culture and language.
The news reporters: Chioma Nkemdilim and Nnamdi Agbanelo.
Women's World Cup 2019: Super Falcons played for Super Eag
Some journalists have explained the problems of women's football club in Nigeria
Women players have also said that Super Falcons of Nigeria is more likely to play than their men.
They said despite this that people especially are not involved in women's club in Nigeria and Africa.
They went on to say that the government is not being used as well as the feathers of women's clubs as they do and that of the nuns even though women's Iko are higher than men.
That these things do not hear the story of the various contests of women in Nigeria.
Nigeria vs Norway: Nigeria has defeated Nigeria in France today
Norway has taken three goals against Super Falcons in the world cup of women in France
Norway and Najira in France
Norway has scored three goals against Nigeria in the world cup of women that started France today.
Norway's daughters played a game for a man where the Nigerians made their woman until the vacation they started calling down only g ghost at all.
France defeated Super Falcon
Why do women's football not appeal?
Norway's first goal of Reiten's 17th-year-on-on-year (17) on the second half (34th) from Utland's foot (3
Trembling at Ohale's body was the one that caused a Nigerian to score a third and a half (37
While doing this, Nigeria now uses peculiar shelves from Francisca Ordega and Desire Oparanozie the first winner was a book of caution and 13 minutes (13)
Norway defeated Nigeria with three goals when I regained Nigeria's rest, which Nigeria did not get its whipper when it was suspicious.
On Saturday, on Saturday, as the women in France live in a country that is Nigeria and the 24 other countries that are part of it.
Nigeria's only-product is the people who started the competition at Stade Auguste Delaune in France
Nigeria and South Korea will meet on Wednesday at two o'clock in Stade des Alpes, Grenoble
Spain has defeated South Africa for three goals.
An interesting story
The high court in Ijah has opened up another AIT
NBC has decamped AIT, Ray Power Power of media
Why do women's football not appeal?
Nigeria vs South Korea: Falcons has defeated the eagle
One Falcons Nigeria has defeated their country in two goals.
Oshaola of Nigeria
The French football team has now become hot as the Falcons of Nigeria tuuru
Nigeria's first goal was from the Saiche of Korea when Kim Doyeon played for their match on 29th minuite.
This happened that from Technise VAR before welcoming the goal.
Asisat Oshoala showed the Kolanite Sayria that Nigeria did not arrive at child games in 75th
Nigeria vs Norway: Norway has defeated Nigeria
He saluted them with a goal goal goal which made that Nigeria defeated the competition.
Finally, Nigeria won for the first time Norway defeated them.
George Weah has met Buhari in Abuja
The Liberian president George Weah came to meet President Muhammadu Buhari on Thursday in the hearts of the government in Abuja
Weah came to meet Buhari
George Weah and Muhammadu Buhari
The Liberian president George Weah came to meet President Muhammadu Buhari on Thursday in the hearts of the government in Abuja
As the poster of the social media, the two statesman had a discussion on the issues of the two states concerning the two countries as it is to protect and economy.
Chiji Collins has been elected as the Imo state legislator
The new senators in Imo state have said Mrs Chiji Collins as their next voice.
The senator, who represents the president of the state.
He was elected that no one knew him anyway.
This was the second time he was going to the courtroom after he was elected first in 2015.
Uloome the senator also elected Okechukwu Onyekanma, who represents Mbaitoli of the state as his vice.
A laughter has deposed the head of a volcano at Ecclesiastes
The town of Ilasa Ekiti in Ekiti State is now in an apology because of the death of a smit made by a gunman because he refused to marry him.
This unnamed jersey shook the mattress on the road where he went to drank and cut him from Tuesday.
A man has burned a woman and her family for friendly rejection
A man has killed his wife for jealousy
The mayor, Ajayi Omolagba said that the former collaborator had blinded his family according to Fulani's rules.
But the clerics refused to give him a laughter that caused him to kill the gunman.
The Ekiti State police said that this was happening, that they had arrested the man through their introduction.
Fire fires in Port Harcourt
River River salad has been accustomed to the Port Harcourt Shopping Mall Market.
The state Secretary, Tammy Danago, told the Secretary of Resolvation that they would make it a business market for people to enter today's market.
The mayor of Katsina
Many have been killed in Benue and other states in Nigeria
Reports to us say that kidnappers have kidnapped a throne in Garin Labo as Kastina State.
The king was on his farm when the kidnappers came to fight.
Overseas
It has been heard that the president of Mexico Andres Obrador has said that he will sell a plane for the president to fight against his country to cross the country of Amerika.
Obrador said that he would be on the public aircraft to make sure that his promise was fulfilled in American society that wanted to hit the people.
In sports, Enyimba FC got prized as the highest prize in Africa in 2003
In sports, a friend has captured Nigeria Premier league of their eight-year boat with three winners defeated the United yesterday.
A friend of the 12 points on the match between their matches, while Reuben Bala, Stanley Dimgba and Abdulrahman Bashir scored a goal for Enyimba.
Listen to the following experiences:
Child trafficking: The police have kidnapped children in Imo State
The police in Imo said that Immacula kidnapped Edward and sold 5 children from the same family in Ngor Akpala in the state
The suspects kidnapped the children
The Operation Puff Adder's member of the Imo state police has arrested one of their heads for child abuse.
On the 24th day of Epurel, 2019, a woman named Immaculata Edward said that he was 31 years old from Okondo , Cros Riva State, kidnapped in his five-General of Ifara in Ngorkpala in Imo State.
NAPTIP has arrested children
Do not a native doctor while child trafficking
Immacu reduced five children to her friends whose parents told her to care for them
These children are born to a mother; Somto Eke, a six - year - old woman, Caleb Ekeh, a five - year - old man.
Others are Chisom Ekeh, a three-year-old woman, Ebuka Em, a three-year-old man, Chioma Ham, five years old and Lucky Ida, a six - year - old man.
Children are saved and their families
Immaculata brought them to the deputy of child trafficking by Perpetual Lawji from the Ulakwo, Imo State.
Perpetual invited two of these children and sold them into Grace Nwachukwu from Aboh Mbaise and settled in Mpape Abuja
Immacu has also stolen two children from the Cross River state and sold to Ifeoma Neoma Ndubuisi from Lokpanta Abia State.
A Child saves and her parents
By investigating the police's rule, all the kidnapped children have been found and put into their homes.
In the study, five other children were saved from Perpetual Laww and sent to the house where children are cared for.
The suspects of this include Perpetual Lawji, Inngara, Immaculata Edward, Grace Nwachukwu, Ifeoma Ndubu and Stephen Ezenwa.
Child trafficking is not a thing because in East Nigeria.
The news that will interest you:
There is nothing like the Igbo president - Okorocha
Did a married woman without a husband rejoice?
Rochas Okorocha has sworn as the Senate of Nigeria
AFCON 2019: Comp
The program will collaborate the African Cup that will start on the twentieth of the twentieth day of the Jewish month in Egypt
African cup
Inec Server: 'Let
Inec said that the names of all those enrolled in the 2019 election on their computer.
Festus Okoye and Emeka Unachukwu
The Inec minister, Festus Okoye, was insisting that the agency had no 'Server' that allowed them to release the 2019 election.
Okoye from Nigeria's law did not give them the opportunity to do the same.
Justice Garba has taken a seat in the judgment of Atiku and Buhari
The House of Assembly has declared the 2019 senatorial
In his voice, Nigeria's law authorized the mechanism of all the elections in the match with the EC8A from where they could be repatriated with wrapping.
Our Nigerian legislature is not aware of using the microscopic election.
The Collation Officer is their duty to carry these documents to the target.
We never used a mill to send me out the election.
Okoye agreed that those who placed their names on all the 2019 elections in computer software, gave all the members of the group the names.
The Incident Form' will eliminate corruption in the election
He stressed that 'As only when ballototing the vote will be held on the sava'.
He said that he did not know about the result of your 2019 sava.
Likewise , BBC also asks a well - known volunteer worker, Emeka Unachukwu what is 'server?
Unachukwu said that 'Server' is a manufacturer' collaboration with other administrators.
He said that Inec could say that they did not have 'server' because he had another company that they were arrested but it was not true that they did not have a server where there was a letter.
He said that the Internet has a 'server' where many people sing their message.
Unachukwu said that 'Inec will not say that they don't have sava because they have a place where they have their seeds.
They may call this down to the base but what it is sava is because the manufacturer is those who can tear it out or send it into it.
He said that the bureau of Inec had no server.
They called on people to take PVC with them for the election
Unachukwu said that if he has been voted to take his place, in Inec will also give him that he is 'server'.
But they can say that they haven't added 2019 to it's 'server' that they have not done their job.
An interesting story
How to keep your baby from HIV
Are the Igbos involved in the ruling of Nigeria?
Repaid for two months in less than a decade - Abia's Teachers
Watch our video
World Donor Day 2019: What people think about giving blood
As today is the time when it is remembered to give the Igbo BBC's blood to ask people what they want and for giving blood.
Today, the emphasis on blood is being placed on 'World Blood Donor Day 2019'
BBC Igbo told people what they knew about giving blood and what kind they were saying they were eating about it.
Listen to them
Diet and Dementia: How to use the chocola
See this essay as you prepare to use good food to improve your health
Seeds and vegetables are designed to resemble the brain.
Learn about the food that is recruiting the brain's head is still giving you a long life and health
Can you know seven meals that can help you to cope with the problems of a healthy brain?
Fifteen billions of people around the world are facing the loss of taxes and learning problems each year (WHO).
Beginning the fact that romances have been identified with the mechanics, but there is no sign that supports it.
Wine's Wine', College, and Chkolets as well as 'Champagne' has become popular as food concerning the brain's problems.
But, is there any truth in these words?
Read what Sheila Dillon was found by the BBC official when he interviewed the learners for the matter .
As you would like to prepare, foods that are available for your brain's well - being:
Food comes from wells
True protein, use a small rubber and manufacturer and a Resurrection of the Fatty Acids
Its consumption comes at once or inria during the week with the big brain.
'vine' and other fruits are similar.
Look at the vinedress in your body
Coins such as 'Strawwberries' and 'blueberries' have something to do with the birth of the brain.
Popes and coconuts
Aki and the secrecy were given to the game-ike and malnutrition
A Neri and 30nimg of different cos, corn, berye, rice with all furniture, milet, 'oats' and 'protein', 'minerlas' and the 'flabre' as it was near the brain that the brain will
Sleep
Mental drainage and malnutrition
He said that combines and vegetables that he posts on the brain, he knows what he says.
Vengemin B
Vengemin B: yelled
Few people have a certificate of cerebral palsy to help Vitamson B ko ko ko ko ko kosiest brain damage.
Do you drink too?
Kai thanked the old people of Olmec-Mexico for demonstrating the whole world cup of water.
Koko is good for the nerve-payment and bears 
But remember also as you drink the water that has a suburb of sugar.
Ubebekee
You can find all over Ubebek
What contributed to the transformation of the English avocado throughout the world is that it is helping to improve the quality of the brain.
Now be yellow?
All these foods are not difficult for you to get and others to be able to change which one you do not want with your gun.
But remember, these foods aren't about your brain, they are preparing your body!
This essay is a change of 'Diet and Dementia' that is unique to the NBC's The Food Programme.
Mikel Obi: What I was about to do but not Iko AFCON
The leader of the Super Eagles club has conspired that it is victory that they come to do in Iko AFCON 2019.
Mikel Obi
The Head of Nigeria - Mikel Obi
Mikel Obi will not play because the Super Eagles of Nigeria went to Egypt for the African Cup of AFCON 2019 has said that he has not come to play because he has defeated and hurried AFCON's cup
It has been six years since Mikel Obi has touched Iko Mba Afinite.
Slavery when Nigeria defeated South Africa
Mikel will not compete in Poland
Mikel was disillusioned
Mikel's father has been rescued from kidnappers
The next time Mikel got to Africa in 2006, Super Eagles found the third.
During the time of AFCON, Mikel will select the young men with their very bloodshed for this year in Egypt.
Mikel said: 'The Eagles members of the present Eaglesa are not very skilled in meeting the African country as it is, the language that will be given to such people like Samuel (chukwueze) and Paul (Onuachu) the opportunity to express their discretion.
I also hope that we will go to map and come home with an eagle.
Super Eagles team
He also said that he appreciated the Super Eagles " efforts despite their failings in Uwa State.
Mikel believed that the sign would be difficult but he believed that Super Eagles' support would help them overcome the language.
Remember , too , that Mikel Obi defeated Nigeria for the first time in 2005 when Super Eagles met with a group of Libya national sports.
Mikel said that you can be the one who makes it known to Super Eagles.
She said; 'The man I'm going to try to kill him.'
Ukraine and U20 world cup: South Korea has taken what is happening in the world cup of U20
Ukraine has voted in South Korea for the next three goals while the world is young.
Ukraine vs South Korea
The Ukrainian football team has defeated South Korea for three winners after the world's twenty-year-on-year-
This victory came after the South Koreans got penaritis in the morning-in fiveth stadium, which Lee Kang-in scored them in goal.
Flying Eagles has passed the king's watching
Nigeria has reached the AFCON U20 competition
But Ukraine told South Korea that they didn't play a month after Vladyslav Supriaga scored a goal in 34th minute.
Vladyslav Supriaga said that the fifty-five-year-on-in-in-in-in-in-in-in-in-see-year-settlement was actually when she scored the second goal in South Korea's match.
The Koreans also called the gidelance only when Ukraine told them that the length of my child was not that it was three goals from Giorgi Tsitaishvili in 85th.
St Korea ghar
The world kidnapped South Korea when the horn broke out at the end of it all.
This is the first time Ukraine is doing it to challenge the world cup as England did two years ago.
An interesting story
What I was about to do but not Iko AFCON' - Mikel Obi
The prosecution court has defeated Chimaroke again again, and Awa wants to clean up the women's house
They want them to make a good booth
Igbo women dress in any proper manner.
Igbo women are looking for children who are striving
Whatever a man gets involved, a Igbo woman will support him.
They want to be involved in late work, they don't want to stay away.
Everything the woman finds to do, she will do it
The news that will interest you:
INEC agrees with 'card chreader'
China has made Xi the president until death
Rwanda: There
Dapchi children: The fight has failed between Buhari and Jonathan
Fighting has failed between Buhari's and Jonathan for the kidnapping of Dapchi students in northern Nigeria.
Buhari embarked on a visit to cities where forgiveness was available in Nigeria that joined Taraba, Plateau, Benue before moving to Yobe.
The president of Mohammadu Buhari said that he has been the first president in the past, Goodluck Jonathan is looking into the kidnapping of children.
He said this yesterday when he made a visit to the city of Dapchi of Yobe state, where the children were kidnapped last month.
He condemned Jonathan's rule and the Chibok students when they were kidnapped in 2014, absurded.
Some students are kidnappers
But Buhari's Word has given different dissolves through many people.
The spokesperson of the 'Bring Back Our Girls', Sesugh Akume has said that the president has not tried.
Akume said, 'We are not happy, this is the four years of the kidnapping of Chibok children, now in the town of Dapchi as Buhari's team plays a gymnast of Jonathan in his own time.
It has reached a month the children were kidnapped, but now the government is moving there.
They have not disclosed all their arguments that they have-included Dapchi's children.
The president agreed to Dapchi's parents that it would bring the kidnappers to the kidnap
Jonathan's exceptional assistant Reno Omokiri said that Buhari's son Yusuf Buhari's son is Yusuf Buhari has more pain than Dapchi's children.
He said that the time of the kidnapping of Chibok children, Jonathan called on the security council, while Buhari canceled the security meeting during the kidnapping of Dapchi children.
He also said in the time of Yusuf Buhari had an accident with which all the trips were canceled, and went to visit his son in the hospital.
The news that will interest you:
Dapchi's parents built in Abuja
Another psychologist named Femi Fani-Koyede and tuwi;
Jonathan's spokesman Reuben Abati said that in twiter;
Other Nigerians reason on twitter;
Is it the custom to end in Igbo land?
A baby was born, was fed, with fire water, sound and regret to visit his mother. That is what was called a debt.
A baby with its mother
The treatment is the Igbo mandated since the time it is still going on until now
A treatment in Igbo culture is a time when a mother is coming to visit her daughter and child (belie her child).
Some time, if a woman has no mother (less her mother is dead), her father's wife or mother will stay in her home and look at her debt.
Five things that interest women
Women have replaced their headown with new styles
A woman's worth is not just a beach
Why she was a lesbian rather than a man, it was said that she was the most popular woman because she had crossed the situation on her own.
The time for the mother is when she educates her daughter all the things she knows about caring for
Some time, it was the mother of her child that left, her mother - in - law started to look at her own debt.
A mother of a baby takes advantage of the rest of her mother's health care.
What a mother does in treatment
A mother would give her daughter something to help her suck
The mother will prepare her foods that will make her well
The mother will pick up hot water in the year and other locations she wants, and then use it as a heat (robb, aboniki)
The mother will feed a baby, wash it and wash it
He will save the baby, and he will put it to death
She will ensure that her child is on the top of a refrigerator with hot water and salt and antibiotics, which will result in the removal of bloodstream
She will be accustomed to having to leave before she was pregnant
The mother will urge her daughter because she has been in the first place
He will also care for other chores at home as housekeepers and cooking families.
The benefits of debt
The debt is the time of the mother, the child, and the baby's relationship with the colossal colony. For this is how many mothers go wherever their child is born, both at home or in overseas, to spend as much as three months or more.
She will inculcate her daughter the meaning of her baby's whisper, or shell or hurt her feelings.
Nutritious Foods
The woman who is thanked has foods that she eats. Some are to drain the blood drainage during her pregnancy. These foods are manri different mattresses.
Open water
With hot water
Unsucce
A pharmaceutical re
Tii
Meal
Breaks and ceilings
A chicken
Slave and a slave
Answers
Mrs
Every food will have good luck
It is said that the sound prevents pregnancy and other diseases such as justice.
A woman's food should not be consumed with
Surrounds
Tremblings, generations and any oil oil
Peanut
Each food has fat (dispostasy is not eaten because it is grown with fat in the belly or on the)
The news that will interest you:
Is the head of a woman needed today ?
Have you ever taken a woman like a man?
Five things that interest women
What is your motive for revenge?
Debt
The debt, the mother who came to the hospital will get a lot.
Visitors will bring him a variety of gifts such as money, shoes, bags, foods, and then on.
He will be bought with his bags of salt and soap that he will return to his neighbours.
Ozubulu women have acted out
Reportedly , the women of Ozubulu dressed as the people went to the police headquarters in Amawbia to plead for
Armed mob attacked St. Phillips last year
The women of Ozubulu under Ekwusigo and Anambra State went to the police station in Amawbia to plead for the yesterday.
They did this for the establishment between those who felt that they were attacking the church in their country on 6th year.
They said that these people are afraid of their lives that it is because of this they are looking for a veil that will give evidence against those who attacked them in court.
They carried a 'We' which we wanted to complete axis' and we wanted to make a
What a witness said about the murder of Ozubulu
Nkiruka Nwode spokesperson to Igbo BBC that what the women need is for peace to take place in their society
The Nwode said that the women who are doing the pleaded with the police were preparing to go to court for the impeachment of their country.
The chairman of Anambra State, Garba Baba Umaru gave support to the women, who said they should go to.
Umaru told the women that it was because I was here, there was nothing to do to you, I will see that you got justice.
What happened in Ozubulu
Armed robbers went to St. Phillips of Katolilik's Circumstance to kill people while they were teaching
This attack took 11 people's lives on August 6 , 2017
A report said that the issue was caused by a controversy among two people living in the country of Saut Afka
This led to the investigation of the matter by the National Police Command of Nigeria in Saut Africa
The accused that they were the target of a scheme became a concern: President Mbanefo, 46, Chukwudi North, 30 and Chinedu Akpuno, 44
This case is still in court where witnesses appear every day
The news that will interest you:
Timbershade's quick business
The benefits of Igbo culture
Two Nigerian soldiers have been killed in Plateau
People insult me for not being married to me
In Igbo land, a young woman for thirty years has suffered discomfort, cockroaches and other problems.
Victims are recruiting a son of an icon
The unmarried children are tormented
Nkiru (not her father's name as we promised her) is over 30 years working as a receptionist at their office in Lagos but she has not yet been married.
Nkiru told BBC journalist that his condition was insulting him, oppression, scheming and cruelty from his family and
The last time I went to the house, the people told me that I had returned home if I didn't have a man without my hand return.
He also lamented that his uncle (believing him and his sister are not given to them because they have not yet been married.
Listen to the words of Nkiru:
The people said to me and returned home but did not see a husband
In Igbo land, getting married is a matter of reading a mature adult
According to a study by the U.S . National Demographic and Health Survey analysis shown by the Health Survey in 2013, women from Nigeria, aged 15 to the age of 19 to 28.2, while 35 - 39 - year - olds married 894.
The benefits of Igbo culture
Will this dissolve in Igbo land?
This is saying that marriage is a culture that has bought ethnic group in Nigeria.
But if a woman is old enough to get married but she has not, especially in the Eastern Region of Nigeria, it is being watched and trampled on by some, some even the things they have produced in life.
Does it happen?
As the professors of social studies described by 'sociologists, what often leads to abuse or persecution of women who did not marry is a culture culture and a lack of real understanding.
In his speech, Dr Adedeji Oyenuga, Mrs Sociology in Lagos State University, explained that it is a countrymena and that some parents who have not married their child haven't been showing that they have not been properly trained by their child.
He has a period of time since he has a child looks at his parents, but when a child is grown up to be on his own, a nest is looked forward to marrying a woman, and the other woman is expected to marry. if she doesn'
Dr Nkechi Emma-Echiegu, a coach at Ebonyi State University and also said that he is a commerce.
In Igbo land, it is no longer a person who is born, a person is rejected.
He went on to say that it is a bad commotion or bully because of not having a husband.
Listen to his grief:
What combines no husband in time:
Dr Adedeji Oyenuga said that the cause of insecurity in the first place is a woman who can make her fiancracy more serious.
Also, 'Smunwaanyi is more like the food of the nuns' ladies'. He also said that the children are more prone to their birth than the women that made the marriage of their partners.
Persecution of the unmarried maidens
According to Oyenuga Professor Oyenuga, the mask against the young man, who is suffering from such a loss of alcohol, suicidal smoke, insecurity, anxiety by the aggravated by the Doctors, which can cause death to be difficult to pay commodity.
Echiegu said that it can lead to various catastrophes that could lead to rational catastrophes, malfunction and aggressiveness.
They said that understanding would help you stop the rumour that causes a single woman to be seen as incomprehensible.
In Oklahoma, a woman will go to prison for her child's marriage
A mother has been imprisoned for her daughter's marriage in Oklahoma in America
Patricia Ann Spann with his son,Misty Dawn Spann
Her son is born in the brain
Patricia Ann Spann, who has been married for 45 years, admits that she and her daughter, Misty Velvet Dawn Spann , aged 10, were married and had a relationship with her bloodshed.
The woman was taken from her children when they met together again in 2014
They got the time to get married to each other in the area.
Researchers found that Patricia Ann Spann had been married to his son at the age of 18, when a boy was killed in 2010
An interesting story
A former lack of Katolic's legislator
The people said to me and returned home but did not see a husband
Dangotela is married in Kanga
It is the agency for the woman and her son when they visit their home.
According to the newspaper, Misty Spann destroyed his connections with his mother in October last year after the debate that his mother had been led into the relationship with the party.
Misty Spann said that his mother had told him that she had joined the three lawyers who advised her that there was no sign of the coupon.
Patricia Ann Spann said that he was convinced that their alliance was unlawful because his daughter's name was not registered as her mother's two years before they met each other.
Misty Spann admitted that he had violated the law against the relationship of the blood. He was given ten years for a study and a sanitation of conscience.
While his mother Patricia will investigate eight years of imprisonment, her name will also be placed on the ground as a kidnapper if she comes out of jail.
In a law on the Oklahoma camp, drafting one's blood is a blood pollution or not having any relationship.
Igbo food: What you don't know about what you eat
The salad is a popular food in Igbo, and it is a Igbo minimum.
Neighbor
It is designed to decay before it takes its fruit
Many Igbos know that they don't know how to make coach before it is eaten.
There is a tree that produces a large scourge called 'breadfruit'. Its cluster of clusters finishing books, while its fruits are in the process of producing what we called yellow.
The galaxy, it collapsed from its tree to the ground, was allowed to decay before it was broken and released. So the Igbos say that 'friend' has come to an end.
Before eating, it will take different roads like:
Its head
Opened
But to see it in a fire
Prepare food
Neighbor
Oil
Some are giving it a lot, magg and shave.
Some buy fish where some feed vegetables
Some also produce seed
Some also add urine
And till the time he falls
How to use it
These things you would do before your head:
Wash your bottle so as to ensure that it does not exist in rocks.
Put him in a potter with a coconut called 'pressure pot' and his wife's water will cover it
Some put fingers on their hands or excuses to keep it written and uncovered
He opens and water in it and puts it on a plastic, food and salt
Allow your foods together
Contact him and leave his beard in a flashlight
The salad is a delicious food that you will eat if you don't add any furnace.
How to eat
When it comes to some towns such as Urualla in Imo state, they don't replenish the water from their d
Some don't put oil in their nutrients, while some take water out of it that they take it with them in water.
The fruit is also opened, using coconuts or coconuts today.
Many people use crumbling systems
How to save
It is also exposed to getting into the bag for those who will buy it to go to the colony.
Before you prepare it, take it in water from night to sunlight in the morning. this will enable him to compose a dish and open the dish when you prepare it.
What it gives to the body
Scientists found that the coach contains many positive things in the body, such as riboflavin, iron, thiamin, iron and custodio O potassium, compass, compounds, iron, cassava, pipe, sank, sank, sank, sank, sank, sank, sank, sank, sank, sank, sank, sank,
It is good for the human soul. Some use her leaves to clean up because of the trick called dandruff, also draining hair loss.
He also had a small amount of fat in which the coconut called saturated fertilizer, college and even a mum.
Some drink water while some eat it in its water
Other things you do not know
Some of the oil spills are added to her (flavour)
Fruitful fruit is used as a volcano called flour
It is also sold to oil
The news that will interest you:
It is coming up in Enugu for Fayose's visit
We will install government in the House of Representatives - ICSC
The benefits of Igbo culture
Doubts and irresponsibility
The former resident of the garbage dump and a doctor said that such a place produces different diseases.
Where they dispose of weeds
Diabetes from where plants are discarded
Those who came to the Ikosi region, Isheri or Ketu in Lagos are bitterly accustomed to Olososunsunpsite weeds in Ojota.
Enugu State has this in the highway from Enugu to Port Harcourt
Direction from these areas is so hard that in Lagos, some guys in the country because of leadership.
In Lagos, a report said that one child died because of not being breathed because the sun swooped around.
For this, the Lagos Governor Akinwunmi Ambode has shut down where weeds are eaten.
Governments and villages are shooting at all times
What people are saying
But the hair is still alive as well as the people who live here.
BBC Igbo invited a man named Samuel Osaze who is here on the phone.
He said that the source is a major disease.
The results are due to the fact that the government is burning here at any time. When I am on the roads leading to me, a big package has grown around the grass.
In 2013 the Lagos State Crusade, Lagos Waste Management Agency LAWMA stated that Lagos planted up to 13,000 tonnes
A Doctor, Dkta Ikechukwu Mgbolu said that malnutrition of various diseases such as cholera, Taifod, malaria and lasa fiva
He also said that people with ash known known nasthma) are unable to live near such a place.
Mgbolu said: 'The smoke to be a disease of higher symptom called 'per respiratory infection' because of the poisonous carbon engineering in the sun.
Osaze said that the main head is now irresponsible between the month of Masaze and the recent year for this period.
The residents of Lagos are throwing away plants at any time in the road in Lagos
Osaze said, 'The civilised people are fighting the weeds now because they know that such behavior is very bad.
The government should buy what is called incinerator and coconut is used for fire lu
The Governor Ambode has said that he will not throw away any of the plants there again for the diseases of the denarii he is receiving.
There are other guys on the other side to say what they will do while the weeds are in the center of their country.
The news that will interest you:
Buhari's overreacting Rwanda's journey
Are the banks robbing Nigerians?
Uber's suicide rate in the United States
A self - sacrificing Uber vehicle hit a woman in the town of Tempe in Arizona, in Amerika
Uber
Uber's office has shown sadness over the woman they have killed
Uber has said that they have deposited themselves from their own self-in-year-old vehicle hit a 49 - year - old woman on the road through the town of Tempe in Arizona.
According to a news report, the Uber Uber Uber's departure was halted by a self - sacrificing train.
Uber chairman, Dara Khosrowshahi said that the death was very painful.
We are reminding of the family of wool victims when we are together with the guitars to understand things about.
This accident is not just how much Uber is affected, it will affect the efforts to make automobile automobiles automobile for man's journey.
The news that will interest you:
We will install government in the House of Representatives - ICSC
Are the banks robbing Nigerians?
Putin will rule Russia for another six years
But they stepped it at the game of a Revolutionary Party, it will result in a lot of money lendered in Nigeria jenite.
A few years ago, Nigeria had a financial crisis as its economy spilled over the collapse of the oil market in the world's market.
It is this situation that, according to Uwaleke, it is not possible for Nigeria to spend the rest of IMF gave.
Uwaleke said that if Nigeria now belongs to him, he will have to pay off his debt in overseas because of his economic status.
An interesting story
What does Nigeria mean about COGM?
Are Nigerians not to meet in the United States?
The police have prevented Dino Melaye's house
World Cancer Day: How I got cancer treatment - The winner of Kansa breast
Gloria Orji the Igbo lady defeated cancer and was good, saying that while she defeated cancer, the other person will win cancer.
Malaria is a disease that fears the whole world for killing people
Worse still is those who seek medical treatment but there is no medicine for the treatment.
The theme of Kanssa disease of 2019 is 'This is my strength , so you can be sure that all of us can invade Kansa disease.
But the lady of Gloria was the founder of cancer in 2010, it was performed, made of kimo and all other things that conquered him by disease.
In his words , 'Kansa is not the case of death' now, he is adding that the issue of breast cancer is on the issue.
He told Igbo BBC how he has done it that is a disease that fears all the world.
Bill Cosby's citizenship in a woman's attack
Bill Cosby could go to 30 prisons for the rape of a woman
Bill Cosby
Bill Cosby was a deputy dictator
The court in Amerika has decided that the governor Bill Cosby had been guilty of three accusations against his men who were
Andrea Constand was a former basketball player in the court of Cosby in 2004
Rescue Nnamdi Kanu his day of judgment
The court has ordered the arrest of Innoson
Cosby is 80 years of age, still accusing the charge, but the decision may include him in prison for 30 years.
This was the second time Cosby was contesting in court for the invasion of women.
Bill Cosby is well known that 'The Cosby Show'
Many women are still accused of rape but Cosby said that they are all.
An interesting story
MASOB - Ebere Buhari's primacy
See the variety of foods produced by husbands
Codeine, an injustice.
Codeine, an assassination is a news report of drug abuse and said that the lives of young people in Nigeria are being killed by BBC.
Codeine, an assassination is a news report of drug abuse and said the lives of young people in Nigeria.
BBC journalists made a secret investigation that exposed the generators of drug producers, who were also involved in drug trafficking against the law of the country
Codeine misinterpretation: Emzor has expelled
Emzor Pharmaceuticals has chased a worker for the report, Codeine Operation of the BBC.
A boy and a guitar,copdeine
Reports say that politicians are treating youths as gifts
Nigeria's drug producing industry, Emzor Pharmaceuticals, has decamped one person, and suspended to two jobs because of their involvement in the sale of coronary coaches, illegally according to BBC's report that made the drug to kill the youth alive.
Emzor sacked a customer who was sold to BBC journalist, Emzolyn syrup.
They said this on social media after the BBC had released what they did on October 30 of the month of April.
At the end of the video all day, a group of drug dealers including Emzor's administrator was undertaken by the Emzor House.
The video was filled with anger and rage at Lagos yesterday
One said that the politicians were giving oil in Kano's fire as he said that they are bringing the drug youths this way.
But Emzor's company has denied that they do not sell drugs in the wrong way.
They also said that they have stopped the sale of Emzolyn that has Codeine until they can finish investigating the charges against their drug habit.
Emzor gave up on their businesses and eventually gave him a job.
Emzor Pharmaceuticals is a self - respected and honest business.
They have a medical license that includes the Emzolyn Codeine from NAFDAC.
They continued: The distribution of Emzolyn Codeine yue has been halted after a thorough investigation.
In a conversation with the BBC chairman of the training and sensational Services (pharmacists) in Nigeria and the Eastern Region, he said that there is a law that protects the coach's coach, and that every house that has been proved to be reserving it was wrongly.
Okafor said, 'We have a coach with coronary coach in Nigeria that one cannot buy a doctor without paying a doctor.
Every agency that has been discovered violated the law, we are succeeding it.
Many Nigerians in the social media are blamed Emzor for their own rights and his drug problem among youngsters.
One person asked the company: So if BBC's company doesn't disclose the results, your company will not do anything to stop taking the drug among the youths?
Is it that workers do not know what they are doing?
Another person, Mairo Manda, called on the government to collaborate the sale of coaches containing codeine.
Codeine: NAFDAC has attacked four firms and arrested many drugs
INFDAC said that they will try to stop all the work that promotes coronary drugs in Nigeria
Companies NAFDAC
NAFDAC is constantly attacking the drug - producing industry in Nigeria
The Nigerian food security agency called NAFDAC in the name of attacking four corporations in Lagos, Ilorin in Kano.
The attack, following BBC's investigation that showed how people pollute colonies have codeine.
INFDAC said that the attack, showed that these companies still develop more colonial colonies than the number of legislatures allowed them to develop.
Sechi Codeine: Dextromhorphan will go out?
Government has banned codine
Codeine misinterpretation: Emzor has expelled
The president's wife has shouted for codeine
The NFDAC chairman, Mojisola Adeyeye, told journalists that now, they are investigating the four corporation shown by the BBC in their video.
In his words: 'We have we spent much of the codices in the industry producing drugs in Ilorin.
Bioraj Pharmaceuticals said that they have stopped their position, Junaid Hassan, and Emzor said that they have decamped the worker Chukwunonye Madubu.
They both appeared on BBC's video that trained the codeine.
But the spokespersons are saying that the government should punish the operatives more than the investigation they are investigating.
Other stories that will interest you:
The four roads that the journalists are hardworking.
The court has refused to leave Dino Melaye to June 11
Buhari has overturned the US
The Nigerian President Muhammadu Buhari has defeated Nigeria after he stopped in London.
Muhammadu Buhari
Buhari and Trump fought against the fearers
The Nigerian president Muhammadu Buhari has traveled on his way to Amerika to visit the President Donald Trump in Nigeria
The aircraft coached on the president of Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, Abuja at 10 p.m .
Some government officials have come to welcome him.
He was the president's spokesperson Femi Adesina who told the reporters after the train finished in the land.
President Buhari will call the United States tomorrow
See what Buhari and Trump have done
Four ways Buhari is like Trump
Buhari who left Washington DC on Tuesday after Trump's meeting with Trump said in London
The spokesperson for the President Garba Shehu, who was the emergency exit of an airline, said that it was because the large volcanoes of the commander were still through engineering.
He also said that Buhari used a mechanical volcano to use a long trip, caused him to stop in Britain.
Shehu said the exclusion was for putting oil in her train and investigated before coming to Nigeria.
He said that there is nothing satisfying because the president has accepted Nigeria.
But look at what people are saying in Soshalia:
The news that will interest you:
Only onuku will agree that Buhari has done nothing
INFDAC has attacked four hospitals for codices
Do you know that killing someone who wants to die is a bad thing in Nigeria?
President Buhari has gone to London again for health trip
President Muhammadu Buhari is moving to see his doctor who told him about his visit and treatment.
Buhari
There was no one week since Buhari returned from the United States where he and Donald Trump had a congregation.
President Muhammadu Buhari will leave today to London while he is receiving treatment for the illness.
The delegation of the president Garba Shehu said that the president would select the four days of his trip.
He said that the president's visit to London for collaboration and oil on his plane after returning from the United States, he and his cupbearer made a concert.
Buhari has overturned the US
Buhari will travel to work in UK today
Why did Buhari come to Lagos?
He said that his employer asked him to return to the president's promised him that he would come
The president will return the 12th day of May.
Shehu said that he would return, he would go to visit Jigawa state, a move for the APC meeting with wrappers.
The trip will then on the day of Monde 14 on May 15.
Remember that the president is receiving treatment in London but he does not mention Nigeria what is suffering.
An interesting story
Legos: 213 pregnant women are suffering HIV
Don't find 45 corpses and Tellska
Igbos will not engage in war again
Sweet sweet codice: Nafdac has shut down three hospitals working for codeine
Nafdac has closed the Bioraj hospital, Peace and Emzor for the distribution of coronary coronary colony.
Codeine, an injustice.
Many youths suffer from headaches and diseases because of heavy drug use
The food department and the production of Nafdac in the name of completion of three hospitals; Bioraj Pharmaceutical Limited , Emzor Pharmaceuticals Indd.
Ltd and Peace Standard Pharmaceutical Limited is a company designed for selling coronary cords that violates the law.
BBC released a report on their secret investigation that revealed that these three institutions used the methods of training the drug made in court while the time of a doctor's prescription was being
Codeine, oppression
Codeine misinterpretation: Emzor has expelled
Government has banned codine
In the letter of the president of Nafdac, Mojisola Adeye, the closure followed the investigation they completed in the office.
Because of not having enough evidence and effort to prevent the process of printing that we should have done on 2th of May, at their house in Ilorin in Lagos, it was important that the three banks - Peace Standard Phaceutical Limited Poraj Prajutical Limited Emitz and Lmited Prcemortzrcemort .
This is to allow for a detailed investigation.
Nafdac investigates BBC's investigation about the medicine
